  clearly , it 's the statistics that are wrong ! '', 
  literally nothing you just said is true . 
  ireland is roughly in the middle of european income disparity , it 's obviously relatively rich , and the only thing the government could n't do if they wanted is get the luas drivers to do their jobs . 
  to be fair , if it was a year ago , that 's pretty generous . 
  a better one than we have today . 
  a turnaround of spoken language in just eight years ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
   what the hell happened this time ? 
  mass media happened . 
  children in even completely irish-speaking backgrounds have been spending most of their lives reading , writing and listening in english anyway . 
  now that they 've moved out , a lot of them do n't want to keep speaking irish all the time . 
  and there 's hardly any english-speakers going in the reverse direction to make up for that . 
   `` why the downvote ? 
  lol ''  15 points 2 hours ago i really wish people would wait more than a couple of minutes before complaining about downvotes . 
  i think you mean 1978 . 
  i do n't know what people * actually * think , but considering those two still have state religions ... 
  but we 're not talking about motives , we 're not talking about organised crime , we 're talking about who hijacks planes and whether we should only be checking muslims . 
  if non-muslims hijack planes , * regardless of the reason * , then the answer is `` no '' . 
  it 's not * technically * incorrect to say that people in ireland speak gaelic , but it makes as much sense as saying people in belgium speak germanic . 
  which is to say , people are just going to assume you 're mixing it up with germany . 
   edit : the speakers of irish refer to themselves as the `` gaeltacht '' fercrissakes  edit 2 : technically `` gaeltacht '' is the location of the irish/gaeilge speakers before the correction comes in :-) as you might have guessed , ` gael ' is irish for ` irish person ' . 
  it 's not called the ` gaeltacht ' after the language . 
  whoops , i did n't expect you to have seen the post before i edited that part out , because it was pretty superfluous to my actual point . 
  in any case , it was still a hijacking , even if the pilot was n't a terrorist . 
   when we know that it is exclusively muslims who try to hijack planes , is it really reasonable to check everybody the way it is done ? 
  even aside from that you 're factually incorrect ( looking on wikipedia , 9/11 was the last hijacking by a muslim outside of a muslim country ) , if you only check muslims then islamic terrorists will get around the check by not claiming to be muslims . 
  i hope for your sake that you actually had a reason to believe only muslims commit hijackings , because otherwise it would be ironically very racist ( by your definition ) to just assume that . 
  i still do n't understand why people who know full well that europe does n't like having borders for travel will then complain about refugees that want to travel to their preferred part of europe . 
   the question is why the french are n't sending them back to wherever they were before they got to france . 
  most likely because they do n't know where the refugees entered france from , which is required . 
  shed a tear for england and denmark . 
  firstly , do n't say gaelic . 
  you 're mixing up ireland with scotland . 
  secondly , ireland has n't signed it because irish is already an official language of ireland . 
  nah , that was only in church-run institutions . 
  everyone else had no moral quandaries about always burying their unwanted children . 
  there 's a lot of islands that were n't there a century ago . 
  which is to say , it 's about 10 minutes away from appearing on joe.ie anyway . 
  ~ ~ while i 'd agree with that ( i mean , the '' # 350 for the nhs '' and `` 50 % of laws '' guys are n't exactly the smartest debaters ) , it * does * mean that the bbc is biased against brexit . ~ ~ edit : actually , thinking about it , no it does n't . 
  to quote the bbc themselves : `` due impartiality is often more than a simple matter of ` balance ' between opposing viewpoints . 
  equally , it does not require absolute neutrality on every issue or detachment from fundamental democratic principles '' . 
  if remaining is the expert-favoured choice , then it would be biased for the bbc * not * to have more remain guys than leave guys on the air . 
   while the left-wing media talks about the far right stirring fear . 
  that 's not what i 've seen . 
  what news orgs are you referring to here ? 
  not literally , but breitbart sure as heck are taking the opportunity to raise fear about those muslim types and to bash europe as being a dangerous hellhole . 
  but their parents were n't extremists to begin with . 
  there was no real reason to believe that syrian immigrants or such would have children that , in several decades , would turn into terrorists . 
  islamic terrorism had hardly any presence until the last 20-30 years . 
  banning them then to prevent terrorism would make as much sense as banning brazillians now . 
  regardless of the reason , it 's still undeniable that crime is down . 
   the point is that the people we are worried about are n't buying legal guns in the first place * anyone * can become a criminal . 
  it 's not like the world can be neatly divided between `` people that rob banks , shoot their spouses , and buy off the black market '' and `` people that are proud familymen that would never use their gun maliciously and never get brain problems '' . 
   and they wo n't follow a proper training because it 's no longer a thing , and 30 years later you 'll have a mass shooting by a crazy yougster with what was a legally owned gun by his grandpa . 
  what the heck do you think training involves that it would stop people committing mass shootings ? 
  yes . 
  yes , i would . 
  my concern about criminals-to-be having guns is n't that they 're not trained to use them . 
  do you mean caucasians ? 
  immigrants now will have european children . 
  what do you expect us to do ? 
  we have freedom of movement , we gave them the opportunity , and they 're not taking it . 
  it 's not like we can force people to move . 
  ireland is most certainly far away from being overpopulated . 
  all three points are flawed though . 
   tradition ( this is a constitutional right ) the eu is n't going to not make laws because it interferes with a country 's tradition . 
   security the main motivating factor behind the law is security . 
  `` let anyone have guns '' is not generally considered to make everyone safer . 
   assuming the eu actually does this , most people that have those guns would rather not hand them over/register them and keep them illegaly , thus creating the biggest black market of rifles in europe , overnight . 
  this would literally achieve the opposite of the law intent . 
  that would happen , yes , but it 'd still be less guns around than if you could buy them normally . 
  err ... are you saying that the restrictions are n't enough , or that they 're useless restrictions ? 
  because it has gun control laws , apparently . 
  he did n't say `` illegal '' . 
  and there was no way his economists would have allowed it , it would 've made everyone worse off . 
  yeah , i was gon na say : as nice as it is to think that trump 's policy was carefully thought out and orchestrated , you 're talking about the guy who , in the same speech , complained about mexican immigrants being awful people while forgetting to say that he was referring to * illegal * immigrants . 
  it 's pretty safe to say he 's not the kind of guy to think things through . 
  it 's a little ridiculous how much of a weighting that easily-available `` financial information '' and `` information in minority languages '' gets . 
  like , because ireland does n't have a website saying how to finance your cheap-as-dirt contraceptives and their websites are n't also in ... polish , i guess ? , it only gets a 75 % rating on online information despite otherwise being as good as a 100 % country . 
  why would you borrow more * and * tax more ? 
  and how would that make the debt go down ? 
  i mean , this is all aside from the fact that a country that only restored civil servants ' salaries last year ( according to the article ) really ca n't be called an anti-austerity country . 
  hold on , are you suggesting that the reason `` the portuguese government has slashed the debt-heavy country 's budget deficit to its lowest level in more than 40 years '' * is n't * because they 've been borrowing more ? 
  surely not !, 
  i mean , the guardian is adamant they 've been avoiding paying back debts and the debts have been getting smaller for a reason they did n't explain , how could they possibly be wrong about that ? 
  denmark also has a law where it 's illegal to burn any flag of a foreign state ( but not a danish flag ) . 
  are you now going to say that the danish are ruled by literally every other country on earth ? 
  i think the hebrew bible is more relevant than the old testament for this discussion . 
   i ca n't find in the statement any implication that people born in denmark but of non-danish descent are not considered danish - the statement concernes immigrants or specifically their children/grandchildren who themselves actually do n't identify as danish . 
  late reply , but it annoyed me enough to say that : you were reading the wrong statement . 
  the actual one says nothing about people who do n't * identify * as danish , it says it 's worrying that there 's people with non-western ancestors . 
  and relatedly :  and i honestly ca n't see anything wrong here . 
  why would anyone want ghettos ? 
  again , you 're reading the wrong statement . 
  when people say `` there are too many people with non-western ancestors in some neighbourhoods '' , they 're not talking about ghettoisation . 
  when people say that and then explicitly * avoid * saying they 're talking about integration , they 're many many steps removed from talking about ghettoisation . 
  that 's a very quick way to start an international war . 
   a nice italian pizza with a wee bit of pineapple i just want you to know that , even though they might not say it , your parents are very disappointed in you . 
   i mean how can anyone still believe that shit ? 
  it 's a lot easier when you 've spent your entire life running big businesses that are negatively impacted by climate change regulations .
