  [ most defense firms have died and the rest make far more money in markets other than defense . 
  ] ( http://elementsofpower.blogspot.com/2014/10/there-is-no-military-industrial-complex.html )  should europe ever go to war us does n't risk losing a powerful ally . 
  europe is n't a powerful ally . 
  france and the uk are . 
   the military gets to keep its budget high and gets more funding due to this . 
  the military budget has been cut every year for years now and that will only continue . 
  americans involvement in nato is a left over of the cold war and no longer needed . 
  wasting billions of dollars is n't much of a benefit . 
  i agree , the us should be removed from europe . 
  so then get rid of nato all together , world peace has broken out . 
  according to polls , most western europeans do n't want to lift a finger to help the eastern nato nations . 
  it 's a farce at this point . 
   what the fuck would most european nations do with an aircraft carrier fleet in a war against russia ? 
  help protect other nato nations . 
   the reason why most european nations do n't have huge percentage of their gdp spent on military , is because they do n't have any aims to launch invasions all over the world at a moment 's notice . 
  so you do n't take your partners defense seriously . 
  then stop begging the us for help in places like libya and the balkans . 
   however the us have interests in asia that europe could n't care less about europeans have interests in europe americans could n't care less about . 
  yet there they are . 
   these countries should invest in education and their economy first . 
  agreed , starting with the us . 
  snowden and turkey , making russia informed again . 
  well said , americans are not to be trusted and you should kick them out before they betray you . 
   also , i naturally meant the conservative values that are tied to right-wing parties too . 
  meaning wanting to ban abortion , crazy gun laws , the ridiculous insanity with the christian religion you guys have , `` traditional family '' and all the bullshit this is considered to mean etc. 
  you mean like the list i provided of your right wing party which had all of those as their core values . 
  ignorant as fuck . 
   and before you become popular you literally will be unheard of , so it 's irrelevant argument . 
  what ? 
  do you think the industries involved only include individuals creating marketing , recording distributing , editing their own content ? 
  have you seen film credits ? 
   americans copy products from themselves as much as we or any other part of the world does . 
  a comparison of the top 50 countries with the most piracy traffic shows that europe in particular has a persistent piracy problem . 
  in fact , all of the 10 countries with the highest online piracy rates are in europe . 
  a lot more people go into making these products than just famous actors . 
  th only reason it 's accepted in europe is because you 're largely stealing from americans and well , fuck amerikkka !, 
  one you have no right to . 
  typically theft is seen a as bad thing . 
  exactly , the copy argument is absurd . 
  people just want shit for free . 
  yeah and i 'm just taking a copy of this car , there are more of them . 
   even if you 're multi billionaire , you can not reach most of the content broadcast in us right away , you have to wait for them for years in some instances . 
  why are you entitled to the work of americans ? 
  so you feel you 're entitled to steal things because you do n't like the price . 
  you tell him !, 
  yeah who can forget how america forced europe into the campaign in libya . 
   hey i really need to ask , are you voting for donald trump ? 
  i honestly feel bad for the people in your life . 
  they actually have to put up with your stupidity . 
   i will never have an answer to my last question on where republicans lean on economical issues since that would mean would have to admit how perfectly wrong you are , but please can you answer this ? 
  republicans vary quite a bit on economic theory , you should know that . 
  also economics do n't solely define a party . 
  you should know what . 
  you are ignorant , uneducated and stubborn . 
  you literally cherry pick words out of sentences while ignoring the meaning of the context . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  this is the last free comment you get . 
  the rest you 'll need to pay for . 
   there you go sweetheart . 
  read that sentence over and over again , what name there is again ? 
  right here . 
   timo soini has said that the finns party is finland 's largest workers ' party but also ** stated that the party is definitely not on the left-wing . 
  ** it 's right there . 
  you 're either a troll or beyond all hope . 
   timo soini is clearly left-wing on economic politics he would disagree with you . 
   dude ... 
  i can \u00b4 t believe this . 
  and you think that true finns have two members , halla-aho and soini then ? 
  you are really bad at trying to shift the discussion , no subtlety at all . 
   are you ... are you serious ? 
  you actually just copied a wikipedia article because you felt you really can teach me about this subject ? 
  yes , you are welcome . 
   are you ... are you serious ? 
  you actually just copied a wikipedia article because you felt you really can teach me about this subject ? 
  i see the problem , the thing is , you have to keep reading . 
   a mep is not leadership , of for fucks sake !!, 
  right , reading seems to be the issue here . 
  timo juhani soini ( born 30 may 1962 ) is a finnish politician who is the co-founder and * leader * of the finns party . 
  you 've just been educated . 
   are you , truly , saying that is more right-wing than republicans ? 
  yes considering the gop has members with many different ideas . 
  sorry to have informed you . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finns_party  the party combines left-wing economic policies [ 17 ] with conservative social values , socio-cultural authoritarianism , and ethnic nationalism . 
  [ 18 ] several researchers have described the party as fiscally centre-left , socially conservative , [ 19 ] a `` centre-based populist party '' or the `` most left-wing of the non-socialist parties '' , whereas other scholars have described them as radically right-wing populist  , timo soini has said that the finns party is finland 's largest workers ' party but also stated that the party is definitely not on the left-wing . 
  inside the party there is also a movement which can be considered clearly rightist , led by mep jussi halla-aho . 
  you might want to let the leadership know . 
   pro-industry environmental policy -- opposition to green tax reform and to taxpayers ' involvement in emission trading fund  teaching `` healthy national pride '' in schools , because the unity of citizens is the basis of society  support for cultural activities that `` promote finnish identity  supporting the traditional family model ; [ 72 ] opposing same-sex marriage , same-sex adoption and in vitro fertilization given to same-sex couples and single women . 
  [  limiting humanitarian immigration strictly to refugee quotas ( which should be adapted to correspond with the economic situation ) ,  opposition to the european union [ 60 ] [ 61 ]  opposition to admission to nato [ 60 ] [ 61 ]  reductions in foreign aid  tougher punishments for violent crime [ 82 ]  opposition to any incorporation of sharia law into judicial practices, 
   ok go back to angry irish reddit and `` europe is perfect . '', 
  so you were just looking to troll . 
   the tea party is still relevant . 
  sarah palin is campaigning with donald trump you have a in depth knowledge of us politics . 
   tea party activities have declined since 2010 . 
  [ 139 ] [ 140 ] according to harvard professor theda skocpol , the number of tea party chapters across the country has slipped from about 1,000 to 600 between 2009 and 2012  tea party organizations are said to have shifted away from national demonstrations to local issues  though the tea party has had a large influence on the republican party , it has also attracted major criticism by public figures within the republican coalition as well . 
  u.s. speaker of the house john boehner has particularly condemned many tea party connected politicians for their behavior during the 2013 u.s. debt ceiling crisis . 
  `` i think they 're misleading their followers , '' b ...  donald trump is on the fecking news every day . 
  so we do know about the gop . 
  this is shiteuropeanssay material at it 's best . 
  you keep repeating the same stupid rambling nonsense . 
  are you filibustering ?
