  it also expands the market where we can supply those that might come into conflict with russia , not that it 's going to happen . 
   do you think china eventually annexing taiwan , increasing its influence over japan/korea is beneficial to us ? 
  china is one of the top trading partners of the us and i do n't think korea or japan are worried about a chinese invasion . 
  taiwan and china will reconcile peacefully some day . 
   do you think no tensions will rise in israel , india/pakistan border ? 
  the us has no troops in any significant numbers any of these locations . 
  nor is it in a treaty to protect any of them . 
   do you truly see us as some kind of big bad wolf , no , i see it as a nation being taken advantage of , wasting it 's money and diplomacy . 
  most of the world sees it as a big bad wolf . 
  many of which are in nato . 
   do you not think that whenever a vacuum will be created for dominating power , or a world-policeman , someone else will try to step in ? 
  they 're more than welcome to take up that burden , it 's not worth the price . 
  i wonder if he knows we have more than 1 type of bread and all our cheese is n't in cans ... 
  [ it ' hawkish and also inconsistent ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/02/why-is-war-an-afterthought-in-the-democratic-primary/459360/ ) more . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2014/08/hillary-clinton-failure-to-help-syrian-rebels-led-to-the-rise-of-isis/375832/ http://swampland.time.com/2014/01/14/hillary-clintons-unapologetically-hawkish-record-faces-2016-test/ but she was for the raid on bin laden which i 'll give her credit for . 
  i do n't like her foreign policy views but i do n't think she 's rock the boat too much which is all we can hope for in this shitty election cycle . 
  you mean aside from saving the us billions every year , removing the potential of conflict and freeing up diplomatic channels ? 
  he 's a sideshow and people are showing their displeasure with the gop by voting for him in the primary . 
  little more than a protest . 
  the democrats ca n't lose this unless hilary eats a baby on live tv while swearing allegiance to hitler . 
  no it 's a holdover from a time gone by motivated by partisan politics and dick waving . 
  do you think protecting your country benefits americans at all ? 
  the sooner the better . 
  where did you get such expertise on american national politics and american society ? 
   trump seems to want to abandon japan , south korea , taiwan , europe and israel . 
  he is pretty isolationist and that would not be good for all the countries that always depended on usa . 
  which is good for the usa , however , nearly everything else he proposes is n't . 
  do n't forget the uk . 
  [ 9/11 : the dark day that brought out the worst in britain the tragic events of 9/11 were immediately followed by a grotesque and shameful fusillade of anti-americanism , which still resonates today . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/september-11-attacks/8754523/911-the-dark-day-that-brought-out-the-worst-in-britain.html ), 
  hey guys , americans are fat !, 
  untied states of no cheese fatfuckistan, 
  can confirm , kfc is n't chicken but just a bunch of chemicals . 
  americans cant get real chicken . 
  i 'm a dentist , i can fix your car . 
  whaaaa lets check the tape . 
  comment 1  the us has been bullshitting the world at least since 1946 . 
  comment 2  funny how you guys were ok with letting them smash fascism , rebuild your economy , and provide your security for 70 years though huh ? 
  comment 3  the ussr did neither of these things . 
  in fact these are the chief reasons former satellite states detested it so much , on top of the endless oppression , lawlessness and corruption . 
  comment 3 does not follow . 
   strange attack indeed . 
  and then hat would the feel smug about on the internet . 
  lose lose for them i guess . 
  you 're almost there you can admit you did n't know what you 're talking about . 
  that 's quite a theory and welcome to r/russiawonwii, 
  considering you 're the one who is insanely angry over being wrong on the internet you might want to rethink that boris . 
  responsibility money and regret ? 
  sure . 
  apology ? 
  still a no . 
   it does n't get any clearer than that it does , they clearly compensated for them and regretted the mistake . 
  as you quoted . 
   the united states recognized the aerial incident of 3 july 1988 as a terrible human tragedy and expressed deep regret over the loss of lives caused by the incident . 
  and as i quoted . 
   in february 1996 , the united states agreed to pay iran us$ 131.8 million in settlement ... in compensation for the 248 iranians killed in the shoot-down, 
   us is a lot further from the baltic sea than russia . 
  so why are you hosting us military ? 
  there is not one thing i 've ever written that is anti-american . 
  russia joined the allies about 6 months before the us . 
  clearly they did everything and the us nothing . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the us did n't take responsibility for their act either . 
  they did , we 've established your concerns are based on fantasy and not fact . 
   i have an issue with your downplaying of one event and creating some revisionist history of what happened . 
  this is what you 're doing , i 'm convinced you realize it but are roleplaying or something . 
   they issued notes for the regret of loss of life . 
  they did n't admit fault . 
  6 of one , half dozen of the other . 
   responsibility about the reading comprehension . 
   in february 1996 , the united states agreed to pay iran us$ 131.8 million in settlement ... in compensation for the 248 iranians killed in the shoot-down so the facts are , you thought they got medals for shooting it down . 
  they did n't get medals and what they got was n't for shooting it down . 
  then you claimed they did n't admit fault when they made a statement of regret and paid compensation for the loss of life . 
  you 've failed my friend . 
   i wonder if you have the balls to admit you are wrong . . amazing skills of projection , you even quoted something showing you 're wrong . 
   the united states recognized the aerial incident of 3 july 1988 as a terrible human tragedy and expressed deep regret over the loss of lives caused by the incident . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655  the u.s. government issued notes of regret for the loss of human lives  in february 1996 , the united states agreed to pay iran us$ 131.8 million in settlement to discontinue a case brought by iran in 1989 against the u.s. in the international court of justice relating to this incident , [ 33 ] together with other earlier claims before the iran-united states claims tribunal . 
  [ 15 ] us$ 61.8 million of the claim was in compensation for the 248 iranians killed in the shoot-down : you 're wrong , do n't take it personal but you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about here as we 've shown 3 times now . 
  when will the germans finally say enough is enough and pull out of nato ? 
  so they should have pretended like it did n't happen rather than admit the mistake . 
   only that but they refused to acknowledge any wrongdoing and gave the crew medals after the incident . 
   they were given medals . 
  this is a fact and it is what i said . 
  the surrounding context clearly shows you thought they were for shooting down the plane and they were n't even medals . 
   his is just your fragile butthurt american ego getting bruised . 
  no , this is just the facts . 
  the part where you clearly and directly implied they were `` given medals '' for shooting down the aircraft . 
  they were given ribbons for their service in a combat zone like everyone else who served there . 
  so what you 're telling us here is you do n't know anything about what happened , yet feel the need to comment on it . 
  the medals were not for shooting down the plane . 
  dude , we get it , stop groveling . 
  apparently not , do you agree with his accusation or not ? 
  we 'll make sure to do the same to your politicians , threaten sanctions if the person we do n't like is elected . 
   us politics , especially when it has global consequences , is most assuredly something we should be able to have an opinion about . 
  listening is one , trying to influence the election by voting to ban people from your country is another . 
   but it is not like political nepotism and police brutality are completely unheard of in your wonderful country . 
  they 're not claiming it is n't are they . 
  no , it 's rhetorical . 
  and your media is shit . 
  you need to help make sure that does n't happen by actively telling your leaders to get out of nato . 
   if shooting a plane down mostly full of western europeans the last time i saw this brought up a dutchman was quick to point out it was just a mistake and america is really evil for something that happened in the 1980 's .
