no https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ghavs/france_beats_germany_and_japan_to_secure_50/d2hmlov, 
  shit i thought it was funny . 
  further proof that the usa is not a reliable ally and should n't be part of nato . 
  they are clearly poorly trained , poorly equipped and have no idea what they are doing . 
  no , it 's garbage . 
  americans made it . 
  they ca n't figure out how to make cheese or bread , do you think they could make something like this ? 
   so there is no national pension ? 
  social security  ? 
  what happens to poor old people ? 
  they get social security payments and put on government healthcare . 
  and everyone remember , these guys are still far to the left of all americans . 
  america needs to stop meddling in the business of europe !, 
  no worries , you can get fake paper for a few hundred . 
  yeah the us is pretty much afghanistan with blue jean ... but only one type of bread and cheese in a can . 
  yup , it 's normal for 40 year old guys to be put in arranged marriages with 15 year old girls in the us . 
  you can just show up in america and stay , hold out for a few years and get amnesty . 
  bonus welfare if you have a kid . 
  lol americans are fat and stupid !, 
   us never would : unrestricted immigration from much poorer neighbours you failed on your first point . 
  i did n't now switzerland , netherlands , australia , new zealand and other 95 + nations were part of the us . 
  sweet . 
  do you know you 're insane ? 
  do the people at the cross burnings ever mention it ? 
   a consistant presentation that the western supported factions in that conflict might not after years of fighting be what they originally were made out to be only started being a thing in the press a year or so back even though it was blatantly obvious by the third year into the conflict . 
  can you translate this gibberish to english please ? 
  and i see no mention of the sources i requested be contrast and no examples . 
   lack of coverage of libyan op comperative to how big of a deal it was was the other one . 
  on our side of the pond . 
  what ? 
  lay off the google translate and seek help . 
   why are you lying about your origins ? 
  do you always communicate like a 1960 's bond villain ? 
  there is a collection of the greatest nations ever to exist , the pinnacle of human achievement . 
  an atheist wonderland of science logic and culture . 
  if only i had real cheese and bread like they do . 
  i would ask them to import some but we have n't figured out how to do that and they 're always saying they ca n't hear us over their free healthcare , maybe they should get that checked out . 
  yes that 's right , the jews are paying people to correct you online . 
  you can get help here . 
  tell them the jews are out to get you and they 've waving the awesome looking cuban flags . 
   for example us media will be diverse on internal issues but generally align when it comes to foreign policy issues with bigger pushers drowning out the other views . 
  can you show with examples what you mean by this using npr , cbs , pbs , nyt , the atlantic , washington post , cnn , wnyc and the chicago sun times ? 
  i your reasoning ability might need some calibration . 
   wow , so no answer , an oversimplification there is an absurd lack of self awareness here . 
  i blame the colonel ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykrflnryaww  israeli question do you have a solution for this question ? 
  will it be final ? 
  i 'm getting a strong `` jews run the world '' vibe here . 
  lets see , israel has nations hell bent on ending their existence . 
  have been invaded numerous times and have to deal with suicide bombers on mass transit and daily rocket attacks . 
  i do n't know , that sounds pretty oppressive . 
  yeah , those jews never face any oppression . 
  i agree , europeans are entitled to us goods and services and have the right to steal them if they 're not offered a a very low price and in a format the user finds acceptable . 
  to be fair , records show torture ended in the bush admin and obman did everything he legally could do . 
   even though sometimes the line is blurry , anti-zionism = / = anti-semitism . 
  and this is not one of those times . 
  this person is disturbed . 
  i love it , jewish people fleeing france because of anti-semitism and this guy is all , `` fuck america ! '', 
   out of 200 . 
  yes , that makes us one of the largest economies in the world . 
  it does n't make you relevant . 
  grats on beating somalia . 
  oh i have , about that international law you pretend to know so much about . 
   a court on wednesday ordered the netherlands to compensate the families of more than 300 men turned over to bosnian serb forces and later killed in the srebrenica massacre 19 years ago . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/16/dutch-liable-srebrenica-massacre-deaths  utch peacekeepers ' involvement in the srebrenica massacre has long been a source of national trauma for the netherlands . 
  in 2002 , the then-prime minister wim kok and his government resigned following a report that blamed dutch authorities and the un for sending ill-equipped troops without a strong enough mandate to prevent the slaughter . 
  pathetic  you simply do n't know what you 're talking do n't project your own weakness on to other please . 
  why are you ignoring this ? 
  so i noticed in your off topic and insane rant you completely ignored the point about you not being able to hold your politicians accountable and making no effort to take action against the us . 
  why ? 
   we 're one of the largest economies in the world we 're 17 !, 
  we 're # 17 !, 
   consistently placed our military forces in far greater harm during international interventions than most other countries in nato dozens of guys sitting on the sidelines watching genocides take place . 
   during the yugoslav conflict for instance you did little to nothing and if your only point is something decades old well , you can figure it out . 
   we 're talking about international law here exactly . 
  thank for understanding . 
   you can not in one sentence claim that you 're the only one who can and does enforce international law ; and then in the very next paragraph declare that you are not subject to international law and that they are none of your concern you mean to say thank you for doing our dirty work for no compensation , we 'd like to arrest you for doing it but ca n't . 
  so i noticed in your off topic and insane rant you completely ignored the point about you not being able to hold your politicians accountable and making no effort to take action against the us . 
  let me know when you 've arrested the leadership of north korea and sanctioned the us . 
   you know , that 's a great argument . 
  because in this comparison , i 'm the cop that actually follows the rule of law , and you 're the cop that ... well , does n't . 
  you 're the cop that demands action but mostly calls out of work and complains while still collecting a salary . 
   the hague is not just the seat of government for the netherlands , but is also the legal capital of the world . 
  that 's my dose of insanity for the day . 
   our constitution is the only one in the entire world that promotes and guarantees the rule of international law easy to do when you 're a tiny irrelevant nation that expects others to handle your foreign policy for you . 
  you have no means to enforce the meaningless laws you create . 
  it 's like roleplay . 
   the us , on the other hand , has routinely undermined said international law no , the us mostly enforces it . 
  we 're the only one that can . 
   even going so far as adopting domestic laws that presume to give it the right to invade us if us subjects should ever find themselves subject to said international law . 
  correct we are a sovereign nation , your laws are none of our concern . 
  so i noticed in your off topic and insane rant you completely ignored the point about you not being able to hold your politicians accountable and making no effort to take action against the us . 
  let me know when you 've arrested the leadership of north korea and sanctioned the us . 
   if a cop goes around shooting suspected criminals on sight , is the populace not entitled to complain about it despite doing nothing themselves to catch criminals ? 
  in this scenario you 're not a citizen but another cop . 
  so hold your leaders accountable . 
  i expect an announcement of sanctions and other actions against to us to show your nation displeasure with our actions . 
   g ; but i 'm pretty sure we do hold our leaders accountable for their actions . 
  that 's adorable . 
   i was n't aware we could vote in american elections . 
  t i was n't aware that you could n't hold your leaders accountable .
