   the real thief here is apple itself for not paying taxes . 
  this is money that any normal company should have been paying , but apple is getting around it with some clever financial construction they did nothing illegal as the investigation itself admitted and apple wo n't be paying anything , the us taxpayers will . 
   the investigation found no evidence of illegal activity and both apple and ireland deny any wrongdoing . 
  this and other actions like it are punitive , unjust , and directly almost entirely at us companies . 
  this is little more than a shakedown . 
   tell me more about how you view the annexation of the crimea and how a tax lawsuit is more important . 
  it 's a real shame russia has been able to invade and annex ukrainian territory , especially considering the cause was the people of ukraine trying to move closer to the eu . 
  even worse , they were abandoned by their neighbors and those they were seeking to be closer to . 
  but that 's not really the concern of the us , even though we 've been strong on sanctions . 
  it really does n't hurt us but eu thievery does . 
  the us needs to get out of nato and rethink our entire relationship to the eu . 
   i just do not want a foreign country to spy on me . 
  i got bad news , that 's the normal state fo affairs and always will be . 
   only the us is/was spying on other presidents . 
  that 's very naive and there is evidence to the contrary . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/06/world/europe/scandal-over-spying-shakes-german-government.html?_r=0 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28819625  i would say that we are allies , but have some disagreements . 
  i would say we 're business partners and you 're a hostile one who should be monitored . 
   russia is being the biggest douche out there . 
  i do n't see them trying to steal billions of dollars from americans . 
   as long as we can agree on the annexation of the crimea being a dick move , we are allies in that regard . 
  i can get over that , i ca n't get over this . 
  i do n't think you know what those words mean , but you can apply to them most of the people in this thread . 
   the problem is the extent of us spying exactly , they were spying on americans and that is the only thing they did wrong . 
   we are both members of nato so it does not seem right that the us is tapping the phones of presidents of other nato members . 
  as we see in this thread and by the actions of the eu , nato means nothing and you are not our ally . 
  everyone in nato was caught spying on each other . 
  that 's what they do . 
  you are aware of what intelligence services do right ? 
  you did see that in the leaks everyone was doing the same shit right ? 
   so , you are saying that if a nordic country joins nato it would be same as allowing north korea join ? 
  not really , north korea has an actual military . 
   fun fact : 3 out of 5 nordic countries belongs to nato already . 
  which is the problem and the fact that north korean and nordics have the same view of the us . 
   but you are right there that nordic countries are sosialist states . . 
  when did the people start to control the means of production ? 
  and what does that have to do with the eu trying to steal money from americans ? 
  and your nations spies on others too , welcome to the real world . 
   nato is not a trade deal no shit , i 've been saying this forever . 
   i am not sure i follow your logic . 
  because it 's not my logic , it 's yours . 
  if you read what i wrote and what i linked , it 's not even about spying , it 's about giving thousands of non-nsa related documents that deal with nato defense to russia . 
  how can i be any more clear about this ? 
  no just a traitor . 
   snowden exposed the nsa for what they truly are . 
  a spy agency ? 
  the only thing he exposed was their potentially unlawful spying on americans . 
  everything else is part of their job . 
  you should boycott the us . 
  also the article states . 
   the us treasury warned that american taxpayers could end up footing the bill if the commission goes ahead and demands back taxes from apple and other us companies as the firms may be able to offset the eu-demand taxes against us tax payments . 
  it described this potential outcome as `` deeply troubling , as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the eu from the us government and its taxpayers '' . 
   the white paper said the commission 's demand for retroactive tax payments `` sets an undesirable precedent that could lead to other tax authorities , particularly those in developing countries that look to the eu as a model , to seek large and punitive retroactive recoveries from both us and eu companies '' . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/officials-alert-foreign-services-that-snowden-has-documents-on-their-cooperation-with-us/2013/10/24/930ea85c-3b3e-11e3-a94f-b58017bfee6c_story.html  in one case , for instance , the files contain information about a program run from a nato country against russia that provides valuable intelligence for the u.s. air force and navy , said one u.s. official , who requested anonymity to discuss an ongoing criminal investigation . 
  snowden faces theft and espionage charges . 
   `` if the russians knew about it , it would n't be hard for them to take appropriate measures to put a stop to it , '' the official said . 
   the material in question does not deal with nsa surveillance but primarily with standard intelligence about other countries ' military capabilities , including weapons systems -- missiles , ships and jets , the officials say . 
  [ how snowden is helping putin in ukraine ] ( https://www.aei.org/publication/how-snowden-is-helping-putin-in-ukraine/ ), 
  but why male models ? 
  take that up with your lawmakers . 
  you and the rest of the `` without us troops in europe america would n't be able to have such influence . '', 
  look at all this influence !, 
  next up , snowden , a russian spy , gets asylum in a nato nation . 
  unfortunately , the rest of his agenda is horrible . 
  but he 's right about one or two things . 
  it seem a bit like a tactical liability but otherwise go for it . 
  remember these are our allies and nato brings so much influence in our trading right ? 
  that should be your nato membership bill . 
  nothing , this is ridiculous . 
  the us needs to mind it 's own business and stop meddling in the affairs of others . 
   sweden , the other nordic country to have remained outside nato , signed a defence cooperation agreement with the us in june why not bring in north korea while we 're at it . 
   the us is never friends with their lackeys . 
  they just give presents to people who do exactly what they want them to do . 
  as soon as you stop doing that or they have no need for you anymore , of course it stops . 
  it 's good to see r/europe come to it 's senses again . 
   us support for nato is pretty much a given for now , over the next 5 to 10 years and beyond not so much . 
  everyone in congress , obama and virtually everyone connected to defense is sick of it and trump has really pushed the point home to a lot of people who ca n't even stand him . 
  look at what gates and obama have said and they 're people who still see the world from a cold war point of view . 
  plus to more exposure americans get to europeans is going to speed things up in that regard . 
  i agree , i want nothing to do with nato . 
  step one , leave canada and no more taco bell . 
  look at the comments here , the guy above is basically saying `` i fucking hate the evil of america but those idiots are stupid enough to spend billions and die to protect our borders . '', 
  it 's not the left alone . 
   are a necessary evil to keep russia in check . 
  partially because of our other allies doing exactly what we 're discussing here - becoming no thanks , i 'd rather not inflict evil on your nation . 
   we already had one cuba crisis ... 
  sounded like the prediction of another . 
  so you ca n't reduce your inventory and modernize what 's left ? 
  the us military along with these weapons should pull out of europe entirely . 
  there is no need for this . 
  so for the record you 're predicting a similar event ? 
  i was wrong , he 's just sleeping . 
  i 'm sure most use a mix of both and various other materials depending on the purpose and environment of the structure . 
  i thought we hated wood homes here ? 
   crazy feminist and political correctness are far more swedish than american . 
  your country is far far far to the left of the us and along with that comes those things . 
   it is true meanwhile americans think thank god we are not like sweden what ? 
   but what you fail to realise is how much like america sweden has become as in no way shape or form . 
  i really liked that show but did she have to poison the cat . 
  i think your direct neighbors have a much larger interest in that . 
  plus it releases you from the moral dilemma of being allied with a nation like the us .
