  what happened to that ? 
  where are your sanctions on the us ? 
   is n't that mostly an american invention ? 
  all this rapture business ? 
  yeah , americans wrote the bible . 
  what do you know regarding the legal status of [ unlawful combatants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unlawful_combatant ) ? 
  drop the `` is okay '' nonsense and put yourself in the shoes of people having to deal with the context of addressing this issue . 
  it 's not as black and white as you 'd make it out to be . 
   it 's certainly true that america as a country is in no position to lecture others on foreign policy blunders . 
  yes it is because you 've shifted the entire reponsibility to them , you ca n't sit on the sidelines of history and complain while doing absolutely nothing to make change . 
   ... on the other hand , i do n't think it 's entirely unfair to hold the american people themselves accountable for the actions of their government . 
  you 're a democracy , after all . 
  what 's hilarious about this is you 'll be the first to complain about the us having such a strong influence on your country that you should n't have to hold your leaders accountable . 
  your nation has a stronger influence on the us than some random middle class american citizens yet it never takes action against it . 
  funny , your half-assed vague buzzwords show that you do n't really understand the history and context of the things you do n't like . 
  you proved his point . 
   and who will buy us ' expensive military equipment when us is not an ally anymore ? 
  people who want quality hardware . 
   what jobs ? 
  where ? 
  i said domestic . 
   i believe it 's the last post i 'm responding because you have n't contributed anything remotely useful to this dialogue . 
  you mean aside from showing why your vague assertions are wrong with concrete examples and logic ? 
   that means world economy is growing , because nobody expects the war there 's been many wars over the decades and the world economy has n't grinded to a halt . 
  i think your fears are misplaced . 
  apparently americans have n't figured out the ancient art of bread making . 
   38th wave of feminism is n't really a thing in europe the way it is in us . 
  you sure about that ? 
  did n't a swedish uni remove all pictures and paintings of white male professors and then there are these ... http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2015/10/06/kill-all-white-men-goldsmiths-woman-charged_n_8251560.html http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2012/04/hen_sweden_s_new_gender_neutral_pronoun_causes_controversy_.html, 
   exactly because there 's a world-order policed by us how do us troops in germany help china sell good in south america ? 
   because big portion of our world is safe and rich enough to think more about where to spend surplus money they have it 's not our duty to make everyone else rich , as you like to remind us every time you brag about your free healthcare . 
   whenever us pulls out from nato , lots of mini to large scale wars will start where ? 
  and that sounds like a domestic job making opportunity . 
   and countries and their peoples will think more about how to protect themselves sounds good , we 'll sell you some good shit . 
  that 's not how trade or economics work . 
  like i 've said twice now , having troops in europe has nothing to do with that . 
  germany , uk , china , japan all do the same and at better percentages all without having troops stationed abroad . 
   my point is that china is a totalitarian pseudo capitalist communist state with only its own interests in mind and they do n't even pretend to have any interest in human rights , democracy and such things . 
  most people in europe would say the same about the us , only replace communist with capitalist . 
  [ as we can see right here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/4fd7to/waterford_whispers_us_military_introduce/ )  if you think chinas influence will be more positive than the us , i think you will be disappointed . 
  i agree , but it wo n't really be a problem for the us , eu or even japan who are all rich and strong enough to counterbalance it . 
  china is n't exactly filled with bloodthristy monsters looking for global domination . 
  they wo n't what ? 
  how are us troops stationed in europe impacting any of that ? 
   again , it 's not about protecting someone out of us ' kindness . 
  think of it as investment , or paying for insurance . 
  i 've already addressed that it 's not an investment , it 's a waste . 
  there is no return and removing the troops would have no impact at all . 
   what happens when eu is under influence of russia ? 
  it wo n't be , the eu is stronger than russia in every respect . 
   us control over internet ceased , even popular culture import is being stopped . 
  same with japan and asia . 
  us culture is infecting russia already , not the other way around . 
  people are n't going to drop us cultural imperialism any time soon . 
  see i knew we 'd agree on something . 
   are you salty ? 
  is that what 's all about ? 
  you mean spending untold billions and losing thousands of lives with nothing to show for it is n't a bad thing ? 
   the price us is paying for keeping a few soldiers on rotation in eastern europe is laughable . 
  then you pay for it , pay french troops to keep their neighbors stable . 
  even better . 
  we do n't need to waste billions on protecting anyone and we certainly do n't need to risk our lives for anyone but ourselves . 
   do you think europeans and japanese will keep buying overpriced iphones and us ' military equipment , will keep using google and facebook , if and when russia/china takes over the influence ? 
  yes , they will because this has nothing to do with having us troops on your soil does it ? 
  germany and the uk and many other nations sell their goods without having troops stationed in foreign nations , again , one has nothing to do with the other . 
  and if us good are shit and over priced as you claim , do n't buy them . 
  i do n't , most of the world does . 
  this is why europe has been asking for a multi polar world . 
  i feel safe in north america though . 
   but perhaps usa could mold russia into something like saudi-arabia is . 
  let some corrupt elite get filthy rich by pimping their country 's natural resources to americans , the us and russia do n't do a lot of business , which is why germany is caught in the middle . 
  i 'd like to keep things friendly with russia as we have a lot of mutual interests . 
  they seem to have a siege type of mentality and with the cult of personality around putin i do n't think there is much change of having any influence until he 's out of the picture . 
   i do n't think you understand what power-projection i know exactly what it is and it 's the corner stone of an aggressive foreign policy that loses more than it gains . 
   keeping a promise to a small unimportant country like lithuania matters in the big picture how does this benefit the average american at all ? 
  it does n't . 
  it 's resources that should be used at home diverted to a conflict from an era and world gone by . 
   and how it influences balance of power and peace on india/pakistan border . 
  they 've had their wars . 
  there is no need for the us to be involved and it deals with them directly trying to manage the peace . 
  troops in europe and east asia do n't have much of an impact . 
   btw , do you think us ' involvement in wwii was a mistake ? 
  no but the us was attacked directly . 
  and look at how the us is portrayed in europe with respect to wwii . 
  the us is either shown as doing `` nothing '' but showing up late . 
  as `` war criminals no different than the nazis '' or as `` weak minded simpletons who gave eastern europe to the soviets . '', 
  after all the us invested in germany following the war and during the cold war you could n't find a german who would piss on an american if he was on fire . 
  i 've been wondering the same for a long time . 
   do you honestly think that burying your head in the sand will protect someone from potential conflicts ? 
  protect who ? 
  americans ? 
  we 'll be fine , we have the strongest military and a great geographic location surrounded by friendly nations . 
  somehow i do n't think you 're all that concerned with the well being of americans . 
   do you think it will be good for us ' economy , dollar value , and trade relationships ? 
  yes , none of this will change . 
  most of our major trading partners do not have us troops stationed there , the economy is not based on putting troops on foreign soil . 
   do you truly believe russia at first creating hotspots on its western borders , and then slowly moving further is good for us ' peoples ? 
  yes in many ways . 
  for one russia is n't going to invade anyone , especially anyone that is significant to the us . 
  this also keeps the us out of a bloody conflict with russia which is a huge benefit .
