  yes stupid children all over the globe have internet connections . 
  that 's why nato nations refuse to back the us , are openly hostile economically and diplomatically and are pushing to get russian spies amnesty ? 
  not only would n't , they literally lack the ability to do it . 
   why on earth would we be happy that putin is interfering with your elections ? 
  where did you get that idea ? 
  from the thousands of comments i 've read including the link i provided to this very subreddit . 
  are you even serious ? 
  they preach morality fro their high horse but where are the sanctions on the us from ireland . 
  that seems a bit too one sided for my liking . 
   but also the end of any international trust usa still has . 
  that went away a long time ago . 
   lithuania is today independent and free as it has not been in centuries . 
  yes nato `` betrayed '' these nations before it even existed . 
  since the us is not to be trusted and you 're all apparently very happy that putin is [ interfering with our elections ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ukz6z/why_would_vladimir_putin_want_to_leak_the_dnc/ ) maybe we should focus inward . 
  oh no , a salon reading guy from ireland thinks america is backward . 
  what will we do !, 
  the hackers are acting on behalf of another nation to influence politics in the us , that is light years beyond internal political problems . 
  this is an attack on the nation itself . 
  but it 's to be expected these days i suppose . 
  hopefully we can all get in on the game . 
  russia is unfortunately protected by having a dictatorship . 
  yes , where is the proofs . 
  http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/07/25/fbi-suspects-russia-hacked-dnc-u-s-officials-say-it-was-to-elect-donald-trump.html fbi  the fbi first notified the dnc in april that it had been breached , said two individuals who are familiar with the matter . 
  u.s. law enforcement and intelligence officials had been aware of two russian hacker groups that have been linked to the intrusion and are also believed to have compromised networks in u.s. government agencies , including the defense department , the state department , and the white house , as well as u.s. companies and universities . 
   the dnc hired a computer security firm , crowdstrike , to investigate the breach . 
  it has publicly attributed the operation to two known hacker groups connected to the russian government that it dubs cozy bear and fancy bear . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/russian-government-hackers-penetrated-dnc-stole-opposition-research-on-trump/2016/06/14/cf006cb4-316e-11e6-8ff7-7b6c1998b7a0_story.html  russian government hackers penetrated the computer network of the democratic national committee and gained access to the entire database of opposition research on gop presidential candidate donald trump , according to committee officials and security experts who responded to the breach . 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/07/dnc-hack-wikileaks-russia/492878/  considerable evidence shows that the wikileaks dump was an orchestrated act by the russian government , working through proxies , to undermine hillary clinton 's presidential campaign . 
   secondly , even if it was , the fact that these emails exist is far worse short memory ? 
  this is absurd . 
   what ` guys ' are you talking to ? 
  you and the rest of [ these guys ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/apr/02/putin-kremlin-inside-russian-troll-house ) day one , lesson one , always ask , where is the proofs !, 
   absurdizing my point does n't make yours right , your point is absurd to begin with . 
   you have a proof you guys need a new line . 
  that 's all the nsa is doing as well . 
   first of all , russian involvement in this is not proved . 
  yes and russia did n't invade ukraine , putin is hero , olympics is conspiracy . 
   secondly , even if it was , the fact that these emails exist is far worse . 
  no , it is n't . 
  you 're living in a reddit bubble if you think that but you did at least confirm that r/europe , where it 's considered a good thing when russia hacks us politicians to influence the election . 
  hopefully american hackers can start doing the same in european elections . 
  this thread should turn into a shit show of the far right calling for an inquisition and the far left calling americans nazis . 
  who will win , stay tuned . 
   it 's funny how everybody discusses who leaked these emails instead of what is written there . 
  r/europe , where it 's considered a good thing when russia hacks us politicians to influence the election . 
   if russia invades an eu and nato member with impunity , stability in in of europe will be massively thrown into question as the risk of further invasions increases . 
  not really , russia ca n't invade western europe and this would only mean more exports for the us as europe would need them to prepare . 
  we trade much more with asia and canada anyway . 
  so you 're in favor of hostile foreign government hacking our politicians and trying to influence our elections . 
  how exactly will latvia crash the us economy ? 
   nd yes , democracy in america is compromised . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
   i do n't know , but everytime some leader or big fish in the west fucks up something really , really bad there is always someone to jump out of the bushes and yell `` do n't look at that !, 
  you will make putin happy ! '' . 
  yeah , that happens in america all the time . 
  i 'm pretty sure violence is at an all time low in europe and the world in general . 
  when you 're at war with someone it 's typically us vs them . 
  kick the usa out . 
  set a new precedent . 
  can confirm , prisons in the usa are filled with people being raped , starved , and hogtied . 
  millions killed every year . 
  just post ti to shitamericanssay , they do n't actually read the submissions . 
  he was referring to prewar , unless west germany was an aggressive nationalist nation . 
   the only true globalist was the usa . 
  you mean the isolationist usa ? 
   the us has an insane level of gun violence . 
  literally a war zone , we 're constantly dodging bullets . 
  it 's a well established fact that the usa is a mad max like warzone . 
  i hope you survive the week . 
  maybe we should have a weekly check-in thread to see how many of us get killed in the us . 
  the only country that sent a significant number of combat troops just left the eu . 
  and western european nations in nato do n't even want to come to the aid of eastern nations . 
  http://carnegieeurope.eu/strategiceurope/?fa=60389  the pew poll showed that among europeans , a median of 49 percent of respondents thought their country should not defend an ally , a response that exposes a lack of commitment to collective defense . 
  i wish i could upvote this twice . 
  holy shit , an actual caricature . 
  hows that working out for you ? 
   when did i ever say i think i am entitled to `` goods and services produced in the usa for free ''  but when your dear hollywood applies shitty geo-restriction and geo-blocking practices for individual shows/movies , i start torrenting them you ca n't make this shit up . 
   the problem is that hollywood wants to be on the european market , but expects europeans to pay for the things they consume . 
  ftfy  either you 're in the market , or you 're out . 
  pay for content or here 's an idea , make your own . 
  why are you incapable of this as a people ? 
  i just checked and i am wrong , according to the un the people of sweden have the human right to downloading finding nemo and not having to pay for it . 
  i am sorry . 
   there 's never been a case where a us citizen has been extradicted , prosecuted and put in prison in another country . 
  well this is not true , i ca n't believe you even think this or that people would upvote it . 
  but even more astounding is that you think you are entitled to goods and services produced in the usa for free . 
  it 's called a joke , we think it 's funny that you actually think we think that . 
  get it ? 
  also we have no bread . 
  11 million now , tens of millions before that , most given amnesty . 
  he said `` if a nato country is attacked we might still not help them '' . 
  which is completely consistent with the position of europeans on the subject . 
  http://carnegieeurope.eu/strategiceurope/?fa=60389  the pew poll showed that among europeans , a median of 49 percent of respondents thought their country should not defend an ally , a response that exposes a lack of commitment to collective defense . 
  any index that does n't put all of europe as the best is flawed . 
  congressmen who represent districts where things are manufactured are more about that type of thing than the companies themselves . 
  this is awesome , tell us more . 
   a large portion of the us economic power is tied into its military-industrial complex . 
  sorry but that 's some myth . 
   a huge domestic shit-storm from the military/industrial complex . 
  [ there is no more military industrial complex .
