  yeah that 's why germany went to the war in iraq and why china has troops in the uk . 
   border controls are n't silly restrictions . 
  we 're not talking about immigration , we 're talking about a military being able to respond to a threat and to prepare for it . 
   training exercises should follow protocol and respect the law of the land and the article discuses issues with the current laws . 
   and there 's the complication . 
  moving troops across europe requires permission at each border . 
  `` during the cold war , we had pretty good plans to rapidly move across borders , but until [ the 2014 nato summit in ] wales we did n't have similar plans for new nato member states , '' says a nato official knowledgeable with the issue . 
  `` right after crimea we sent out a questionnaire about [ border regulations ] to each member states , and the results were pretty scary . 
  some countries needed to recall parliament in order to let nato units cross their borders . 
  and one country said , ` we can only have 1,600 soldiers on our soil . ''' in reality , that meant that nato would be unable to use that member state , which the nato official declined to identify , for passage . 
   as the nato official reports , `` some countries say ` we do n't need any advance notice for pre-clearance , ' while others say they need four to five days ' notice . '' according to the official , in most of nato 's eastern-facing countries , getting the clearance would be a matter of five days or fewer , although one country -- he declined to specify which one -- still requires more time . 
   but many commanders and analysts , including brezinski , argue that peacetime red tape is affecting planning and preparations for such contingencies , which in turn affects deterrence . 
  `` only by regular exercises involving the movement of large numbers of troops and equipment can you minimize the logistical grit and confusion that inevitably accompanies the fog of war , '' brzezinski told me . 
   indeed , when it comes to logistics , the lack of a military schengen may put russia at an advantage over nato . 
  `` the russians can quickly move their troops around inside russia , '' notes hodges . 
  `` we 're surprised every time they do a snap exercise , and we ca n't surprise them with snap exercises of our own . '' either do it right or do n't do it , personally i agree with you . 
  lets not do it and send everyone home . 
  i do n't think they 're in your country and if they are requested to be there to do a job there ca n't be silly restrictions that hinder them doing that job . 
   if usa left nato it would lose most of the leverage as a military power i do n't see how this is the case as the us military is the backbone . 
  we have nothing to lose and we should n't be sending troops to defend any other nation but our own . 
  you posted the article yet this comment seems to show you did n't read it . 
  and this is why americans should leave nato . 
  if you expect the military to protect your nations in a military alliance , do not have such absurd restrictions on them . 
  and while you 're at it , start paying your share . 
  context , how does it work ? 
  yes , you get camden nj and east baltimore . 
  really , when did the us request that thousands of european troops come to canada to defend the us from mexico ? 
  your comment was one of the most utter failures of logic i have ever come across . 
  i 'm uncomfortable with nato . 
  lets put an end to this farce . 
   moving troops across europe requires permission at each border . 
  what a joke . 
  yeah man , americans taking over !, 
  no , the us does , even gives poor illegals amnesty by the millions . 
  manufacturing , pretty small company . 
  all employees start with 2 weeks here , get 3 at 3 years and 4 years at 5 . 
  plus 3 personal days . 
  we have a use it or lose it system because for some reason , a lot of people do n't want that much time off and would rather have the money . 
   what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  america sucks , europe awesome . 
  like nearly every other thread posted here . 
  i do n't know anyone who does n't at least have 3 weeks vacation in the us . 
  [ that 's not entirely true ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/universityeducation/12013303/university-students-in-england-pay-the-highest-tuition-fees-in-the-world.html )  number 1 personal bankruptcy reason of health care costs not really true [ either ] ( http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/25/2/w74.full ) or at best misleading but since it only impacts a fraction of less than 1 % who cares . 
   eu maternity leave benefits , america no maternity leave benefits that 's just not true . 
   america you 'll be one of the hundreds of thousands begging on the streets if things go downhill it 's sad that you think this . 
  considering the us has been taking in millions of poor people from around the globe for decades and europe kicks them out or kills them in world wars you guys should be far more ahead . 
  holy shit , you really do get your entire view of the world from reddit . 
   ( shockingly , there is none ) what is it like to be wrong about everything ? 
   ( omg , i just found a study by the department of education stating that 32,000,000 americans cannnot read , i am speechless ) . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  most shocking of all is that before the candidacy of bernie sanders none of those facts were an issue . 
  in my experience , most americans are totally oblivious to what happens in the rest of the world and think their country is the best of all . 
  oh , just trolling . 
   how many swedes or norwegians have you actually heard saying their country is the best in the world ? 
  i 've yet to meet one that does n't . 
   do you just spend your days on message boards acting offended  best-of r/shitamericanssay love your self awareness there kiddo . 
  relax , have a drink , maybe some cheese . 
   please stop with these salty tears . 
  no one claims to be the greatest more than americans . 
  except when they do , all the time . 
  this is where you say , `` i ca n't hear you over my free healthcare ! '', 
   he even tried to steal the invention of the automobile from germany . 
  lol he does nothing but say how shit the us is all the time . 
  sanders too and trump . 
  clinton is the only one who is n't constantly whining about how shitty america is . 
  america gains so much from albania it 's disgusting . 
  no , usa is a 3rd world cesspool . 
  usually it 's some scandinavian saying it . 
  so one of them . 
   how about nato actually sends an army in eastern ukraine to crush the kremlin mercenaries instead of just sending threats ? 
  why do n't the self proclaimed greatest nations in the universe take care of this ? 
  you 've clearly never been to canada or the us . 
  america has n't even figured out how to make bread and 99 % of people die by age 35 because of no healthcare . 
  i always enjoy being told , `` americans know nothing of war . '', 
  then asked what about the millions of americans who have literally fought in wars , i get , '' we see bullet holes in buildings here which we are pretty sure are from wwii . '', 
  i wonder how they cope with such horrors . 
   because european publishers should have a greater interest in representing europeans than american pubs . 
  why ? 
  are n't you a massively diverse population there in europe ? 
  seems like they would n't gain much from that and why do you think they owe you anything ? 
   suggest better solution if you do n't like mad . 
  putin retires and takes his territorial ambitions with him ? 
  they could have surrendered . 
  can you provide a list of who contributed ranked by magnitude of contribution ? 
  is that danish for , `` you 're right , i was wrong . '', 
  apology accepted . 
  now try not to piss on the graves of several hundred thousands people who fought a war they did n't need to . 
  so you just learned when the soviets joined the war . 
  glad to help . 
   do you remember the date of d-day ? 
  the us was involved long before d-day son . 
   d-day was more than omaha beach my ignorant friend . 
  besides the 2k casualties on omaha was like every day business on the eastern front . 
  lol  haha . 
  made no money !?!?!, 
  are you serious ? 
  it was called the lend-lease not the great american give-away . 
  do you even have a formal history education ? 
   so not really 90 % read that again chip . 
   besides you are going to bail on nato in the future as china powers up and russia weakens .
