  sent 4 guys to afghanistan to train the police . 
   condescending  i can assure you . 
   we , europeans , are willing to take a setback for our tourism industry when it comes to ending an unfavourable treatment of some of our members . 
  i wish the us did the same with regard to nato . 
  you have a good point . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/opinion-a-slap-in-the-face-for-east-europeans-and-americans/a-18509284  according to recent polls , a majority of germans are against helping nato allies militarily in an emergency . 
  and nato is losing support . 
   you 're 100 % american , no european whatever country he might be from would spew stupidities like you did . 
  a europeans are far superior to those americans . 
  wikileaks has long been a mouthpiece of russia . 
   john mcafee exposes the panama papers hoax on alex jone 's show . 
  wow , do you know who either of these people are ? 
   nobody will think the same as your little head . 
  excuse me ? 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/11/world/europe/11gates.html http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2016/03/obama-doctrine-europe-free-riders/475245/ http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/01/15/ar2009011504194.html funny how you so much time bashing americans yet demanding they die for your country . 
  keep it up please , it helps me to no end . 
  yes , and i love to go upstate to the lakes during the summer . 
  you can rent small islands to camp on and literally have them to yourself and your friends for about 15 dollars a day . 
  ny , where the winters typically get cold as fuck with snow ( not this year though ) and the summers seem to be getting hotter and hotter . 
  but the rest of the year is pretty nice . 
   the only pertinent nation is russia . 
  that 's not true , the other parties involved in the treaty are involved and can respond . 
  how would you like them to ? 
  also how do you feel about your nation allowing this to happen ? 
   practicality for you . 
  practicality is what it 's all about , we can wave our fingers at them all we want but then what ? 
  sanctions ? 
  the us ignores the treaty ? 
  does n't seem to matter around here were the kneejerk responses are about the us . 
   your `` solution '' to the problem of `` russia violated it 's treaty agreements not to deploy more nukes '' was to remove an unrelated country to the problem . 
  wait what ? 
  i think the us is related . 
   russia should be named and shamed for violating it 's treaty agreement not to deploy more nukes '' and we 'll all be happy . 
  i guess but that 's not going to solve anything . 
  did n't connect the dots . 
  did n't mean to sound sarcastic , i just picked it randomly but had that thought about after reading the comments here . 
  never been to az. 
   hell , i 've come home from the bars at 2 am and it 's still 100 degrees out , and my pool still felt like hot bathwater damn, 
  nothing in particular . 
  totally ignorant question , i imagine the need for a/c out there is near year round or no ? 
   what , no response yet ? 
  to what exactly ? 
  we 've already gone through everything there is no ? 
   agree with the rest of the rational world and shame russia for breaking it 's word on it 's deployment of nuclear weapons . 
  i already have , but the rest of the rational world seems to be too busy calling americans world police and making comments about how the us invaded libya for oil . 
  now that this is settled , now what ? 
  how will this treaty be enforced and how should the rational world respond ? 
  hell yeah i remember when america invaded libya and took all that oil . 
  obama gave everyone a a drum for christmas . 
  do n't worry , they 'll figure something out . 
  yeah , america !, 
  our daily affirmation that europeans are superior to americans . 
  suck it arizona !, 
  well she 's dead to i imagine that 's true . 
   your first post : was a response to the established law of r/europe which our friend brought up . 
   the usa should stop trying to be the world 's police man . 
  so with that fact established i provided a solution to our collective problem . 
   correct ? 
  yes i agree and i also offered a solution for this . 
  i did n't bring up the topic of world police did i ? 
   i believe russia should be named and shamed for violating it 's promise not to increase it 's number of warheads . 
  do n't you ? 
  yes but if the us does it , it 's called `` world police . '', 
  i nominate ireland to be in charge of enforcing these treaties . 
   you sound like my ex , what sound does your left hand make exactly ? 
  correct , i agree that the us should not be the world police , do n't you ? 
  germany and russia are merely having a lovers spat and the cozy relationship will continue soon enough ,, 
  or rehabilitated quickly and put back into society as reformed citizens . 
  funny how that works out . 
  agreed , the first step is to get the us out of all these treaties . 
  especially nato and the start treaty . 
  the oil right , all that sweet oil the usa took . 
  no one will believe the american lies about wmd . 
  russia won wwii by itself and brought peace to the middle east . 
  what ca n't they do ? 
  russia claims alaska , china claims the rest of north america . 
  will sweden put an end to the madness ? 
  well said , the us is just as bad if notworse than russia . 
  it 's time that european nations kick the yanks out . 
  they will shut down all their mcdonald 's and kfc 's in europe !, 
  what ever will we do ?!, 
  seriously , go fuck yourselves , yanks . 
  you pay your taxes just like everyone else or bugger off hell yeah , fuck america !, 
   americans have an obsession with straight borders . 
  you guys have some really odd stereotypes . 
  it shows an intense lack of understanding on how both taxes and healthcare work in the us . 
  never change europe . 
  so you agree that the nato = economic influence thing is a bunch of bullshit , thank you . 
   this is about a company that did n't pay its tax no it paid it at the agreed amount with a sovereign nation . 
   u.s. representative kevin brady , republican chairman of the house ways and means committee , called the decision `` a predatory and naked tax grab , '' in a statement . 
  exactly and all us business is the target . 
  i 'm always told that the us has so much influence in europe because of nato . 
  yet this is the norm of our business relations . 
  so our allies are anything but and it 's time we acted appropriately . 
  the retaliation should be as harsh as possible . 
  they did , then some other body changed it retroactively . 
  good talk , have a nice day . 
   the white paper said the commission 's demand for retroactive tax payments `` sets an undesirable precedent that could lead to other tax authorities , particularly those in developing countries that look to the eu as a model , to seek large and punitive retroactive recoveries from both us and eu companies '' . 
   . . which is state aid , which is ( generally speaking ) illegal not in ireland . 
  i guess they 're no longer a sovereign nation .
