  i do n't think dyslexia causes you to type absurd comments using terms like 3rd world . 
  nice attempt t shift the discussion though . 
   they are the made up enemy that is supposed to divert the people 's attention away from internal problems . 
  yeah , in 1964 . 
  a legacy of the cold war and alliances we no longer need . 
  so the answer is yes . 
  it is possible to be more right wing than the gop which none of you clearly have even the most basic knowledge of . 
  also , i 'll get in my time machine and head back to 2010 when the tea party was remotely relevant and let them know . 
  so you do n't know what right wing is . 
  catch up and get back to us . 
   there is a reason why your country is a third-world country what it comes to income inequality for example ah yes , the voice of educated europe has spoken . 
   can one be more right-wing than republicans ? 
  so the answer is yes . 
   sorry american , but you are trying to teach about a subject you have zero knowledge of apparently . 
  this is rich . 
   can one be more right-wing than republicans ? 
  nice self awareness you have there . 
  sure but parties like the progress party , ukip , law and justice party , afd , fn , freedom party , sweden democrats , everyone in hungary , and golden dawn make the gop look like hippies . 
   its literally a russian propaganda site . 
  iirc it 's a redditor from the us . 
  he 's some far right libertarian conspiracy theorist . 
  bragging is a no go in almost any types of social interaction . 
  apparently not on the internet . 
   it 's not an either/or though waste is waste . 
  this is nothing more than waste . 
   can one be more right-wing than republicans ? 
  yes , see every right wing european party . 
  first of all , no it is n't and secondly , the gop is n't some monolithic entity . 
  this is the r/europe we grew up with . 
   how is any of those countries better than europe ? 
  * exactly right , canada is pretty much europe and the rest are 3rd world cesspools . 
  i think when aliens finally decide to make contact with humans , it will be to learn the ways of the european master race . 
  they 'll make you guys their gods . 
  117,573,368 that 's sad , to think what that money could be doing in a place like flint . 
  denmark is the greatest nation to ever exist , america is shit . 
   even if you 're not in a gang when you go to prison , you 'll be in one when you leave . 
  really what kind of numbers are behind that ? 
  as long as it 's not shitty coffee i think it will pass the health inspection . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  this is n't news , it 's opinion . 
   that is all the matters . 
  crime rates have plummeted in the us and the prison population is down 12 % in the past 10 years . 
  i think seamus says what a lot of british people are feeling . 
  and his attachment to corbyn is proof of his popularity . 
  i for one will never forget the article he wrote the day after 9/11 . 
  that 's not a policy example . 
  what policy do you have in mind ? 
  how about norway takes in some ms13 , blood and ab gang members and see what they can do for them . 
   here in norway for example , we offer inmates the right to go to high school while serving time . 
  teachers come to the prisons to teach in classes , and when they get their high school diploma it does n't say it was acquired from a prison , just a normal high school . 
  same in the us . 
   rehabilitation is the key word here . 
  yes , vague feel good rhetoric with no tangible examples will save the day !, 
   the us also does n't really have any kind of social safety net , this is true , there is literally no welfare of any kind in the usa . 
  can you translate that to english ? 
  this is why the us needs to remove itself from nato and stop being the world police . 
  love it or leave it , u can git out !, 
  no , r/europe [ has shown the us is a violent wasteland ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4v5tlv/dutch_homicide_rate_falls_to_lowest_level_in_20/d5vvyo8 ), 
  yeah crime is way up in the us and has been for a long time . 
  i 'm constantly being killed . 
  now they have them right where they want them !, 
   in february 2015 , rep. matt salmon , r-ariz. , organized colleagues to send a letter to secretary of state john kerry seeking his help in defending g\u00fclenist journalists who had been arrested by the turkish government as part of the battle between g\u00fclen and erdogan . 
  yup , it 's a massive conspiracy between secret muslim americans and the gluten guy . 
  no not in the millions and i agree with this part of what you wrote 100 %  most of them stopped fleeing from an oppressive regime long time before they even came close to central europe . 
  many of them are seeking better economic opportunities . 
  i think i have several times , you just did n't like the response . 
  if you do n't think 62000 troops plus many more ready to act has a military significance that 's fine . 
  in fact i agree that there is no threat to europe and that the us should be removed . 
  iirc norway deports non-citizen criminals instead of putting them in jail . 
  you can build a wall and have mexico pay for it . 
  i think there are millions of examples of that not being true . 
  those troops are n't combined , share completely different command structures , have different missions and redundant capabilities . 
  they could n't manage a 2 week bombing campaign in their backyard . 
  but that 's beside the point , america is using the innocent people of europe for their own imperialist purposes and must go . 
   as i said , i have zero issues with them being there . 
  why would you want them there ? 
   i am well-aware of what soldiers do however you are not telling me what 62,000 troops ( with the majority of them in germany ) can do better than the european military i do n't know , hopefully we 'll never find out . 
  since they do n't do anything they wo n't be stopping any future aggression . 
  btw : there is no european military . 
  reasons , i have . 
  what do you think soldiers do ? 
  so now that 's settled why do you insist on them being there ? 
   however , tell me what 62,000 troops in europe , most of whom are guarding their own nukes , can do that over a million european troops ca n't do you do n't need 62,000 troops to guard a few nukes that might not even be there anymore . 
  and those 62k have guns and not brooms . 
  but i agree , europe can protect itself and america should go . 
  why do you want us troops in europe ? 
   i never said they should n't be there . 
  you said they do nothing , why should they be there if they 're doing nothing ? 
  why do you want us troops in europe ? 
   i am asking you what their exact purpose is . 
  you want to know what soldiers do ? 
  really ? 
  do you know what nato is ? 
   we have established that most of them are looking after american nukes no , you made that up . 
   you are telling me that 62,000 troops are protecting europe . 
  what else would 62,000 troops do ? 
  but that 's not important . 
  what 's important as that we agree that they should n't be there . 
  so lets stick with what unifies us . 
   tell me what the us is protecting with 62,000 troops .
