  why would you even bother posting this ? 
   http://www.palestine-studies.org/jps/fulltext/38298 in other words , the us does n't need currently does n't supply israel through european bases with anything . 
  third strike . 
  you 're wrong , it might help to switch off presstv and whatever antifa blogs you read from time to time ... it 's kind of a bubble ... 
  speaking of which , as a proud patriot who loudly proclaims the evil s of amerikkka , why would you even entertain allowing this on your nations land ? 
  yankee go home right ? 
   support israel toops in europe do n't do that . 
   supply troops in iraq there are no more . 
   threaten iran we do n't wish to `` threaten iran '' and this comment really shows your intent here . 
   drone-bomb jordan and pakistan there are no drone bombs in jordan , are you drinking ? 
  the rest of the rambling nonsense i 'll assume is admission of defeat and agreement . 
   the only thing germany care about is stability . 
   thats why they deal with monsters like the americans and putin . 
   eliminating the presence of us bases in eu would fundamentally hinder the option of force projection . 
  we no longer want to wage useless wars in the me , so force projection from europe is a relic of the past . 
  secret muslim orders hordes into europe !, 
  they 've found out about plan a. 
  no at this time , like was pointed out the eu could ; ' t manage a very limited campaign in it 's own backyard . 
  hopfully the nations of the eu can work closer together and build up the logistics and arms they need to counter such a threat . 
  the best way to do it would be by dissolving nato and starting a new european alliance . 
  those nations do n't have the stockpiles of arms , logistics or the ability to counter a russian invasion of sweden . 
  that 's if you could even convince anyone to join the fight as they 're not likely to . 
   it 's completely different having an air campaign in libya and having an eu-country attacked and just look . 
  true but that 's worse , it would require far more resources and you would n't have the luxury of time being on your side . 
  not sure , first i need someone to tell me what we actually have access to . 
  guns i guess . . and meth . 
  guns , bibles and meth . 
  i think you view it in extremes and backpedal when confronted . 
  i wish the us had never gotten involved in the european part of that war at all . 
  soviet tanks in paris would be quite a sight and you would be much more happy . 
  how did they get there ? 
  we do n't have troops stationed in mexico , china or vietnam . 
  we can keep a strong navy and air force but no need to have troops in europe . 
  especially an economically and politically hostile europe . 
   enough of money ? 
  you have that backward , the us loses money on this deal . 
   they 'll show you war pictures from a closer to yours culture unless that 's canada no one cares . 
   i like people who can only think in extremes . 
   did n't you hear ? 
  the russians only won because all of their equipment and weapons were american . 
   so there 's no middle ground possible between '' ` murica saved the world again '' and `` glorious mother russia do everything '' ? 
   did n't you hear ? 
  the russians only won because all of their equipment and weapons were american . 
   pointing out the gargantuan contribution of the ussr - with us help in terms of logistics , vehicles and food - is n't a synonym for `` america was useless '' . 
   did n't you hear ? 
  the russians only won because all of their equipment and weapons were american . 
  yeah , now it all makes sense . 
  i agree , wwii was an eastern european war . 
  good , we 've had enough . 
  i heard swedes can actually project their smug self satisfaction into the atmosphere blocking any icbm attack . 
  kind of like the care bear stare . 
  [ i ca n't hear you over my free healthcare !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/qq-wu_lmnc4?t=85 ), 
  except for all those soviet nukes . 
  you 've been watching too much hollywood my friend . 
  the catharsis we need . 
  r/europe , where most topics and nearly all the comments are about america . 
  things i 've learned here . 
  america literally can not make bread or cheese , have n't figured it out . 
  also does not import anything except cheap goods from china . 
  til americans literally can not get tires . 
  agreed , the war was mainly a european thing and d-day was a meaningless sideshow . 
  the people fighting the war knew this at the time as well . 
  but no one questions the cooperation denmark gave to the nazi cause . 
  just as long as you do n't stop . 
  hey man , i 'm here for upvotes and to agree with the master race of europeans . 
  so angry at americans for being american , good thing you can post to shitamericanssay and agsinthatesubreddits with no sense of irony . 
  he used to engage in conversation and debate but i can only assume he found it to be futile . 
  agreed , americans have no idea what 's going on in the world and are petty ignorant and self centered . 
  get with the program buddy , america did nothing during wwii . 
  russia won the war by itself . 
  as we can see here anyone claiming otherwise is `` brainwashed '' and [ should be mocked ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4jpp88/unseen_photos_of_europe_after_world_war_ii/d38kyzk ) . 
  you 'll learn my eskimo friend . 
  one day . 
  oh and do n't forget to pretend that saving private ryan is american propaganda which says america won the war with no help . 
  which scene shows that , no idea but it 's something we 've agreed to pretend is real . 
  maybe they were cia backed coups !, 
  you think an unelected isolationist with bad hair is going to start a world war ? 
  the soviet union was much hated no , the soviets are loved because as we see here , they literally won the war by themselves . 
  anyone who thinks otherwise is `` brainwashed . '', 
  u/samiumabisare is lamenting the fact that the soviets were denied entry into france by the us who did nothing . 
  true , i did n't mean to leave out the other major players like canada and uk . 
  those 3 did all the heavy lifting . 
  your school used saving private ryan to teach you about wwii ? 
  the us did nothing and it 's a shame they even invaded , russia should have been allowed to liberate europe by itself . 
  russia won wwii all by itself . 
  wwii was pretty much just a war in eastern europe . 
  did you do anything meaningful to oppose it ? 
  you like to sit on the sidelines of history and complain while offering no solutions . 
  why have n't you sanctioned the nations that invaded iraq ? 
  yes , you seem to have misinformed view of the scale and how it happened . 
  usa # 1 , worse than soviet union , suck it stalin !, 
   i 'll grant you that usa are the biggest cunts in modern history . 
  usa # 1 , worse than nazi germany , suck it hitler !, 
  in america . 
   on january 23 , 2007 , the film received four academy award nominations . 
  eastwood was nominated for his directing , as well as best picture along with producers steven spielberg and robert lorenz . 
  it was also nominated for best original screenplay . 
  the film took home one award , best sound editing . 
   the film also appeared on many critics ' top ten lists of the best films of 2006  the film was critically acclaimed , and well noted for its portrayal of good and evil on both sides of the battle .
