   no , we 've inherited white guilt from usa . 
  holy shit , this is hilarious . 
  your view of the us relies on a cartoonish hyperbolic stereotypical view of a section of the bible belt the rest of the country has nothing to do with . 
  if you came to the us and said this shit to real people and not kids who browse r/atheism you 'd be laughed at . 
   in germany some of the holidays are classified as `` extra sad '' so to speak , which means there is no dancing allowed in clubs from 00:00 to 23:59 on good friday for example wtf, 
   france maybe but the land of creationism the uk ? 
   bits of our constitution that are balls to change and more catholic schools run by the church than not but we 're passing each other going opposite directions . 
  you have catholic schools and no abortions and an absurdly ignorant view of the us . 
   it 's a more secular state that the us . 
  turkey is sweden compared to america . 
  did you just say the same thing he said , yes you did . 
  athletes in other sports do n't give a flying fuck about who wins in swimming . 
  so could anyone from another nation . 
  did n't they cut the # of people in swimming events because of the us ? 
   port is dominated by one country . 
  i thought it was because of lack of interest globally ? 
  like baseball and softball . 
  so were ' going to get rid of some track and field , speed skating , doubles tennis and other sports like that too ? 
  i think we can cut a lot if we 're going that route . 
  i think this thread and the dozens of others about `` per capita '' winners shows different . 
  fuck you 're even turning opinions into a competition here . 
  this just in vince mcmahon has reviewed the videotape and it turns out there was a 3 count when andrea the giant pinned hulk hogan at wrestlemania 3 !, 
  europe gets the belt back !, 
  americans wining medals , too many of those events . 
  does this mean shirtamericanssay is going down ? 
  assange accused of spying with russia to influence the us election hits back , europeans want to believe . 
  will anything come of this , lets hope so . 
  but his track record suggests the opposite . 
  either way this thread is a goldmine for me . 
   we urgently need a legislation in europe that protects whistle blowers that reveal critical information relevant for europe , also those from america ( e.g. 
  agreed , russian spies like snowden need the full protection of the eu . 
  hopfully this leak will be different than all the others and actually have some substance and not just more assange click bait . 
  that way we can get the nato alliance broken up as soon as possible . 
  europe # 1, 
   maybe to put in perspective us and china medals . 
  perspective ? 
  do you know how selection and qualification works ? 
  the `` eu '' in this case is allowed a shitload more participants . 
  jesus first it was the per capita nonsense now this . 
  europe # 1 you 're the best !, 
  feel better ? 
  you actually think this ? 
  but it does . 
  germany has mass surveillance of the own population and others , industrial espionage and is a economic and politically bully in europe . 
  and you want to go back to the 50 's , do you really want to play that game ? 
  are you talking about the us or germany ? 
  do n't worry , i 'm confident most germans share you hate of america . 
  sounds like assad . 
  that 's like saying russia should for `` invading '' syria . 
  i wish i could upvote this twice , what about america ? 
   it 's because the west does n't have a good track record of actually supporting democracy and autonomy when it really matters to the people in these countries . 
  what alternative was there really ? 
  an invasion ? 
   america has a louder voice globally over matters regarding autonomy and democracy than any other nation , and they have the best military as well , but america is completely hypocritical when it comes to putting those two together when it comes to doing something about preventable inhumanity what do you suggest and why does the us woe this to anyone ? 
  should the us overthrow dictators like in iraq or support regimes like we saw in south vietnam and south korea ? 
  seems like every decision is the wrong one so maybe it 's best to withdraw from that role . 
  enough money has been wasted and lives lost . 
  by the way , as was discussed the other day , the americans were worse than the russians and the french hate them for `` liberation . '', 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4wvkff/new_american_and_british_studies_have_debunked/  my normand great grand father was really bitter , he never told us what he had seen but once said that he wished the russians got to france before dday ... normandy was destroyed by allies more than nazis, 
  exactly , look at how many grenade attacks we have in nyc and all those cars burning in vermont . 
  kids who read chomsky . 
   hence why most people are n't even necessarily pro-us at all either and this is why the us should be minding it 's own business in this matter . 
   and no german politician even believe in this sanctions , they do it because order from usa . 
  and you say americans politics are fucked up , your leaders do n't even get to make their own decisions . 
   if they had n't invaded iraq on phoney evidence the whole place would be more stable , the people who say this now once said that supporting dictators was the worst thing you can do and now are saying the west needs to cut ties with the ksa . 
  which we even see in this thread . 
  that needs to be adjusted to per capita . 
  switzerland 42.2 3 . 
  sweden 40.2 5 . 
  netherlands 33.0 6 . 
  usa 31.7 7 . 
  france 29.7 8 . 
  united kingdom 26.0 9 . 
  spain 23.9 10 . 
  ukraine 15.5 11 . 
  germany 14.8 12 . 
  italy 12.9 13 . 
  turkey 3.5 15 . 
  china 0.8, 
  it does but you keep that nationalism going . 
  maybe one day you 'll be as good as fiji at sporting events . 
   i am not denying the bottleneck you mention , i am simply stating that a larger country has a larger pool of sportsmen to draw its competitors from . 
  so you 're willfully ignoring the important context that invalidates your position . 
  good news , fiji is now the greatest sporting nation in the history of mankind according to you . 
   per capita is a severely dumb discussion when there are caps on applicants , i 'm sorry . 
  you ca n't analyze that value when there 's a bottleneck . 
  welcome to r/europe , where they do n't obsess over how much they hate the us . 
  you do n't seem like you 're having fun , it seems you 're skewing things out of nationalism . 
  if the bahamas gets one medal , the usa would need 1000 medals to match it . 
  china would need ~ 4000 . 
  you should check out how this works , it seems you have a fundamental misunderstanding . 
   saying religion is not an important issue in us politics is like saying religion is not an issue in muslim countries in which no other religious minorities are left . 
  so your media is shit . 
   how many openly atheist candidates have you had since you put `` in god we trust '' on your money ? 
  wow , those are two very serious issues that show that the us is a theocracy . 
  european nations are the richest nations in the world with the most wealthy people with the best of everything . 
  per capita ? 
  that 's just sad . 
  they 're not exactly going to be honest about that are they ? 
  the whole goal for them is fear and instability .
