  ] ( http://elementsofpower.blogspot.com/2014/10/there-is-no-military-industrial-complex.html ) not that the term was used correctly to begin with . 
  most defense firms have died and the rest make far more money in markets other than defense . 
   but what exactly is preventing the us from reducing it 's defense budget ( other than the whole iraq disaster begin a drain for decades ) if they think it 's too damn high ? 
  nothing , it has been reduced every year since 2011 . 
  the people want a strong military but not a wasteful one . 
  spending 1 dollar to house a troop in europe is completely wasteful . 
  there are many things to cut but this is the most obvious . 
   universities in england charge on average $ 9,000 ( # 6,000 ) , which is higher than the fees paid in other developed countries including the united states , australia and switzerland . 
   the way debt is handled in the us vastly different than in the uk , in the us you have to pay off your loan no matter what there are many ways to repay based on income and ways to have the debt cancelled or put on hold . 
   im generally against terrorism but when i see news about french soldiers brutalizing foreign nations again , i can understand the terrorists a bit . 
  holy shit , welcome to the `` reddit thinks you deserve to die club '' france . 
  the only ones targeting civilians are isis and assad . 
   destroy stable country . 
  by what definition is a nation in the middle of a bloody civil war stable ? 
  or do you think that their fighters just suddenly woke up and started murdering innocents ? 
  no , they have been indocrtinated into a belief system where there is no line between politics and their version of islam which is extremist . 
  considering if not most of the fighters isis has are from nations that have never been attacked i think your theory has some holes in it . 
  and using your own logic , isis kills far more of these people than the west does so what do they become when `` driven to lunacy '' ... republicans ? 
   i did n't say that , you did . 
   how are brick houses built in the us ? 
  see ? 
   and so does their strength holy shit , what else will you tell us . 
  port-u-gal !, 
  port-u-gal !, 
  port-u-gal !, 
  i love how you assume that there is one way of building homes . 
  it 's adorable . 
  building styles vary quite considerably . 
  but if it makes you feel better , americans are fat and stupid . 
  we ca n't build homes or make bread and think cheese comes in a can . 
  you are superior in every way and know more about us than we know about ourselves . 
  maybe one day we will reach common ground with the masters of science and technology , portugal . 
  i 'm glad you can link to a reddit comment . 
   maybe they ca n't handle it because of the way you guys build your houses there . 
  the fact that you think this comment even makes sense shows your ignorance . 
  see now that 's the spirit . 
  you guys think a brick home will survive a tornado . 
  i have some bad news for you . 
  they build them in the us and they meet the same fate as wood framed homes . 
  you could build a bunker-like home . 
  such as these . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2016/03/22/what-would-it-take-to-build-a-completely-tornado-proof-house/#3e2dfe8b5685  the strongest tornadoes can generate winds in excess of 300 miles per hour . 
  storms with these speeds can literally hurl chunks of rock , pieces of buildings , and even whole cars around like a toddler having a tantrum with a playmobil playset . 
  thus , to make a structure totally tornado-proof requires that the structure be designed to withstand both the impact of a one-ton boulder being hurled at it at 100-150 miles per hour as well as wind loads of 300 mph or more . 
  this means you need a structure made out of either foot-thick reinforced concrete or two to three inch thick solid steel armor plate . 
  doors must be solid steel with reinforced frames and extra strong locking mechanisms ( otherwise the storm will just suck the door open ) . 
  no windows . 
  unless you 're building an underground bunker a brick home will meet the same fate as a wood framed home . 
  this line of comments is right up there with `` they ca n't get bread in america . '', 
  the shit you people think is ridiculous . 
  i assume science is n't a big subject in portugal and poland ? 
  wait , you guys seriously think that you can build a tornado proof house ? 
  holy shit . 
  i guess you can but they call them bunkers . 
  yeah lets start with something none of us have any real knowledge of but are pretty sure it 's like bad and stuff !, 
  are you even replying to the correct comment ? 
  do you not see the irony in your post or what is going on here ? 
  is english your first language ? 
  which they do and go on to say , omg your portions are so large !, 
   the us overwhelmingly uses alcoholic 's anonymous , a religiously inspired 12 step program developed in the early 1900 's each chapter is different and religion is n't forced on anyone . 
   in patient facilities can cost up to 40,000 usd / month . 
  but typically cost $ 1,400 to 10k . 
  there are also free clinics . 
  but hey , i won ; t get in the way of this needless masturbation fest , finland # 1 , usa is shit !, 
  well as long as you can find a way to feel superior that 's all that matters . 
   what are you basing this off of ? 
  and hospitals ? 
  what ? 
  you are aware that many homeless people are addicts or mentally ill correct ? 
   please explain to me why the two european countries i 've lived in have hardly any people who `` refuse to go to shelters . '', 
  a which ones ? 
   and why , by comparison , over a whole percent of the population of the well-off small city i grew up in is homeless . 
  which is that ? 
   i 'm not talking about some conspiracy bullshit , but the fact that the mujahideen were backed by the us against the soviet union the muj was not a monolithic entity . 
  like you posted , the us never had contact with foreign fighters . 
  the us will provide shelter to non-citizens as well as we see all the time . 
  there are tons of government and non government shelters and programs for the homeless but you ca n't force people to use them . 
  i get it , america is shit , but it even happens in utopias like [ australia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homelessness_in_australia ), 
   for aq and taliban it was done to pester the ussr . 
  neither one of these groups existed at the same time of the ussr . 
  the us never aided any foreign muj groups and most of those they did went on to be groups like the northern alliance which helped the us and nato during the war in afghanistan . 
  not exactly the best bunch of people but no where near those guys . 
   isis and the iraq war though , that was a major fuckup man . 
  isis was aq in iraq , they were virtualyl wiped out by the coalition and the [ sons of iraq ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sons_of_iraq ) . 
  there were only about 30-40 members left when they fled to syria during the uprising there . 
  during the war in syria they picked up more fighters and at the time a new iraqi government came to power and royally fucked the sunni population . 
  http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/film/the-secret-history-of-isis/ http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/film/rise-of-isis/ aq in iraq relabeled itself isis and grew in power due to these issues more than anything else . 
  are you kidding , you 're sitting here on your high horse preaching superiority when you do n't even know what 's going on in your backyard . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-25548061 http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/05/world/europe/amsterdam-has-a-deal-for-alcoholics-work-paid-in-beer.html?_r=0, 
   the us did train and finance the very people that then blew up the wtc . 
  no , they did n't . 
  you mean you have n't heard of the world famous `` theecnomiccollapseblog . '', 
  well you found us out , the usa literally created aq , taliban in the 90 's because we 're that evil and then we upped it in 2010 with isis because we were bored . 
  we should have gotten away with it too !, 
   the thing with most european country is that it 's incredibly hard as a local to get on the street as the government provides multiple social benefit . 
  the same in the us and all over the west . 
  most people you see on the streets refuse to go to shelters or hospitals . 
  yet , i saw just as many homeless in amsterdam as i see in ny , likely for the same reason . 
  only nyc does n't pay them in alcohol to clean the streets . 
   oh definitely !,
