  we have almost directly the us to thank for both al-quaida , the taliban and isis . 
  holy shit reddit , why not just rename this place infowars and get it over with . 
  have you never been to a city in the netherlands ? 
  you seem to be very confused about the concept of absolute vs relative poverty . 
  actually you seem confused about most things . 
  well it 's hard to argue with circular reasoning . 
   the afghanistan war one , 2 was the balkans . 
   and the libya intervention no , this was pushed through the un by european nations and the us did n't even participate until you could n't manage it and begged for help . 
   if i remember correctly all the nato wars were started by the usa . 
  so you do n't remember correctly . 
  the us started the wars in the balkans and afghanistan ? 
   no it was n't . 
  it was to stop the spread of communism . 
  what kind of backward reasoning is this ? 
  6 of one half dozen of the other . 
  stopping communism in eruope as protecting europe . 
   r are you going to try and say that the us invaded vietnam to protect it ? 
  vietname has fuck all to do with nato and us troops in europe . 
   i would like nato to play a much smaller role in europe than it does now . 
  me too , as in zero . 
  name them , because there have only been 2 and the us did n't start them . 
   no european soldier should die in a place where we should n't be in the first place . 
  how many wars has nato fought ? 
  why should the us be there at all ? 
  no , the word you were looking for is no . 
   but their main objective sure as s ** t is n't protecting europe . 
  that was the objective but since no one is a threat to europe that 's long since passed . 
  it 's just a cold war leftover that is about politics . 
  not long ago , no us politician would want to take the political hit of being accused of `` abandoning our allies '' but a lot has changed and we see what a bloated waste of money and resources nato is . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/11/world/europe/11gates.html?_r=0 http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/10/world/middleeast/obama-criticizes-the-free-riders-among-americas-allies.html, 
  france and the uk too . 
  i 'm not worried about any of them . 
  what about the fact that russia is aggressive and the usa is a [ rogue state ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4smeek/privacy_shield_will_let_us_tech_giants_grab/d5ahzhn ) that you must protect yourselves from . 
  should n't these facts override those squabbles ? 
  so that he can misrepresent it to the uninformed . 
  upvoted , america is an evil `` rouge '' state and you should be boycotting them . 
  also can we get some sanction on the us from europe please ? 
   no one dictates where you station your troops , [ the president of poland called for an increased presence of nato troops in his country , saying on monday that a visible force was necessary to deter russian aggression . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/polish-president-calls-for-visible-nato-force-in-poland-1453128541 ) unfortunately america takes nato a bit too seriously . 
   the eu , being the # 1 source of outwards and inwards investment in the world , has other means to project power . 
  does this even make sense to you ? 
  bully of course meaning actually looking out for our interests . 
  which is something germany would never do . 
  with friends like these who need enemies . 
   i would not say that . 
  much can be said about russia , but they have some very well working nuclear weapons and a lot of them . 
  i do n't think russia is looking to end the world . 
  so basically , we 're living in the past and need to let the cold war go . 
  the russians lack the ability and have no intentions of attacking us , so all of those things have been irrelevant for some time . 
   last time i checked your troops have n't been thrown out of any european country . 
  that sucks . 
   even after openly spying on everyone left , right , and center , nothing happened . 
  yes but enough about germany and the uk , we 're talking about the us . 
   i guess that 's worth a couple of bn per year . 
  it 's a lot more than that and looking at how there is very little political cooperation and insane european attacks on us business , i do n't see any positive influence at all . 
  why not , there are shared values , interests and goals . 
   to secure your influence . 
  so you 're saying ti 's a complete failure in every respect . 
   s. do you know what the us gets by having those bases ? 
  1 : power projection all over europe and much of asia we ; re good on that . 
   arly icbm systems that the us would be incapable of having if it were not for installations in europe . 
  most are in canada . 
   missile shields that help protect the us which would n't be as good if it were n't for installations in europe . 
  where are these shields ? 
  and if we did n't have troops in europe , would we even need them ? 
  this is how americans feel about nato . 
  askeurope is a cesspool . 
  exactly , tell them it 's shit and apologize profusely . 
  unfortunately unlike reddit there are no imaginary points to be gained by doing this constantly in real life . 
   overall , i do n't like how much money we throw over to the other side of the pond . 
  tell me about it , nato itself is the biggest example of this waste . 
   this is similar to suggesting `` america brought 9/11 on itself '' in america americans , always lying to themselves about how they did n't deserve 9/11 . 
   of course we love the culture , the art , the movies , the music and the people rarely if ever do the people get any credit for all that . 
  however each person seems to be held responsible for the first part . 
   we have our `` gun totting bible thumping fat americans '' except this is common while  socialists , commie , nanny state capitalist hating europeans '' . 
  is a fraction of the far right in the us . 
   i guess there really is no need to bring up the whole uk raping the world thing in a conversation about america . 
  just kinda seems outta place . 
  if it were in a vacuum , he 's criticizing americans for not having passports while ignoring the fact that british people are more wealthy than most americans . 
  then there is the things he ignored like the geographic size and diversity of the us and that we did n't need passports to travel to some places until recently . 
   we 're a lot more important than other countries so we ca n't possibly be bothered to know everything about other countries which makes us appear insular . 
  or that being important in many ways it 's far more useful for others to know about us and with our media , almost unavoidable . 
  not a lot of culture or media coming out of slovakia and the elections in hungary will not have any impact on joe from texas . 
   i just kinda wince at some of your comments because they can come across a little dickish or like you are taking offense a little too easily . 
  just being as direct as the person i 'm responding to . 
  such as . 
  he as even offended that someone would suggest british people are interested in the us . 
   whilst those figures may tell a story but what % of us citizens even hold a passport ? 
  british people are pretty well travelled so it 's not really a like for like comparison imo . 
  british , well traveled . 
  americans , insular and ignorant . 
   the us is a pretty inward looking country on many levels yes , because spending a week on beach in spain with other tourists drinking cheap lager really gives you a sense of the bigger world . 
  what did i write that seemed like i took offense ? 
  was i incorrect ? 
  i have n't , it 's called context . 
  considering 1/4 of all americans are poor immigrants or their children and the uk has been raping the world for a few hundred years amassing wealth i wonder why those numbers would be skewed . 
   us is a pretty inward looking country on many levels . 
  and also a bit more important than most . 
  nonsense the social progress index is infallible . 
  yes , fat too .
