   and eu law is also irish law : indeed , it outranks national law . 
  and the brexit begins to make more sense . 
  yeah the quality of care is very poor , you 're better off just dying . 
   tax evasion is illegal , the whole agreement with ireland is illegal . 
  they did n't evade taxes , they paid the agreed amount and the legal amount . 
  have you even read any articles on this ? 
   the usa has a functioning health system . 
  i never thought i 'd see this comment on reddit . 
   like apple , vw went against the rules this report says the did n't break the rules and did nothing illegal . 
  just that ireland gave unfair benefits . 
  these two are not comparable in any way . 
   payback for the volkswagen stunt they pulled . 
  lets get some payback for vw !!, 
   well they took from volkswagen so much the europeans could barely get compensated so what goes around , comes around , i guess poor volkswagen , such a victim . 
  the report says they did n't cheat and did nothing illegal . 
  ireland gave them this deal and that should have been that , this is little more than a shakedown . 
   also shame on the us for defending tax dodgers like apple just because it is an american company . 
  because this impacts the us taxpayer and the economy . 
   the us treasury warned that american taxpayers could end up footing the bill if the commission goes ahead and demands back taxes from apple and other us companies as the firms may be able to offset the eu-demand taxes against us tax payments . 
  it described this potential outcome as `` deeply troubling , as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the eu from the us government and its taxpayers '' . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/aug/24/apple-taxes-european-commission hopefully we 'll begin retroactively applying taxes to european companies asap since this is the game you want to play . 
  except apple is n't paying anything , we are . 
   the us treasury warned that american taxpayers could end up footing the bill if the commission goes ahead and demands back taxes from apple and other us companies as the firms may be able to offset the eu-demand taxes against us tax payments . 
  it described this potential outcome as `` deeply troubling , as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the eu from the us government and its taxpayers '' . 
  yeah , russia and china are far less corrupt than america . 
  no amerikkka is worse , can you spell china with 3 k 's ? 
  nope, 
   frankly i welcome more russian and chinese influence in european politics . 
  break up that american monopoly . 
  the multipolar world europe has been asking for !, 
   still better than an american style pizza . 
  lets add this to the list . 
  america according to r/europe cardboard homes no bread , ca n't make it . 
  no cheese , ca n't make it or import it . 
  shit beer . 
  no signs , people are hired to tell you where to go . 
  no healthcare , get sick = death . 
  shit pizza of which there is only one style . 
  good point , no one has ever moved from naples and settled in the us . 
   well i have seen several pics about pasta with ketchup from the us . 
  r/europe is determined to create an alternate reality where americans put ketchup on pizza and pasta , ca n't make bread , do n't have signs and have to die when they get sick . 
   i may be a romanian but i might still have a clearer picture than some moron off the_donald about politics . 
  yeah , reddit is a good way to really get a feel of a nation . 
   fact is that trump does have the majority support of republicans no he does n't . 
  he won a lower percentage of votes than anyone since reagan in 1968 and many are outright telling people to vote for hillary . 
   https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/06/30/heres-the-growing-list-of-big-name-republicans-supporting-hillary-clinton/, 
   yeah , that 's why trump is so successful , because the republicans are n't against immigration did you miss the part where most of his party is rejecting him ? 
  he 's a protest candidate with no hope of election . 
   there have totally not been years and years of dog whistles against minorities or immigrants coming from the gop . 
  from some , not from all . 
  i 'm sure you have a good feel of what the typical republican thinks from your home in romania . 
  well said , the eu is blameless in world affairs and is the victim of the us and russia . 
   ut if he would be an american he would be a white supremacist and that is ok in one of the two parties , not official but unofficial it 's unreal that you actually think this . 
  yeah i 'm sure a guy with a kkk pin would get votes and that 's why a black person was one of the leading candidates for nomination . 
    he has also been spotted wearing the blue cornflower , which is an old clandestine nazi symbol that harks back to ideas of pan-germanism , the nineteenth century idea of a ` greater germany ' that ultimately inspired hitler 's foreign policy and the annexations and invasions that triggered the second world war . 
  nazism tends to not be supported by either party . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/22/who-is-norbert-hofer-and-should-europe-be-worried-about-him-beco/  oh , and he likes to carry a glock 9mm pistol with him on the campaign trail . 
  yeah , even trump does n't do that . 
   he has also been spotted wearing the blue cornflower , which is an old clandestine nazi symbol that harks back to ideas of pan-germanism , the nineteenth century idea of a ` greater germany ' that ultimately inspired hitler 's foreign policy and the annexations and invasions that triggered the second world war . 
  oh yeah , that 's mainstream gop , michael bloomberg and john mccain do the same thing . 
  it 's not even in the same ballpark . 
   aditional values and immigrants = bad . 
  see you do n't know shit given that there are large numbers of republicans that are n't anti-immigration and it was republicans that gave illegal immigrants amnesty ... twice . 
  if you think that you do n't know shit about the gop . 
  in no way shape or form would he be allowed in either party . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/22/who-is-norbert-hofer-and-should-europe-be-worried-about-him-beco/  oh , and he likes to carry a glock 9mm pistol with him on the campaign trail . 
  yeah , even trump does n't do that . 
   he has also been spotted wearing the blue cornflower , which is an old clandestine nazi symbol that harks back to ideas of pan-germanism , the nineteenth century idea of a ` greater germany ' that ultimately inspired hitler 's foreign policy and the annexations and invasions that triggered the second world war . 
  oh yeah , that 's mainstream gop , michael bloomberg and john mccain do the same thing . 
   even if they work , it will be usually low paid job , thus paying less taxes , but still enjoying other public services - health care , schools , kindergartens , council housing , public transportation . . 
  so just like the us . 
   i 've spent a fair amount of time in the us and when it comes to employing lots of people to just stand around and point visitors in the direction of the bathroom or carry someone 's bags and similar stuff you have a lot in common with developing nations . 
  yeah not everyone works at disneyland or what ever amusement park you saw this at . 
  reddit , where america does n't have bread , bricks , or signs and is a `` developing nation . '', 
  because this guy spent a week at disneyland . 
  funny , i ca n't even get one . 
  are you trying to match him in ignorance ? 
  [ as has been noted , europe did n't want sanctions and were forced into by the us ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4zloir/do_you_think_that_the_us_got_too_much_influence/d6wxhb1 ) so this should n't be a problem and will show european solidarity against the bully , america . 
   hungary has taken a similar line . 
  czech president milos zeman , a backer of russia , has repeatedly called for ending sanctions and the head of the upper house of the czech parliament pleaded with german chancellor angela merkel to end them when she visited prague on thursday . 
  look at all that us influence !, 
  good , so it 's time for these people to be allowed to settle where they like so they can get the human rights they deserve . 
  that 's a good point , strangely i was told the other day that there were no winners in the cold war . 
   france has laws curtailing the ` liberty ' to own guns for example . 
  and the us does n't ? 
   those guys were legal . 
  there are currently 11 million illegal immigrants in the us , there were millions more but two waves of amnesty made them citizens . 
   tax evasion is a crime . 
  i do n't understand how committing crimes makes one a refugee . 
  if they 're not working , buying things or owning things how would they pay taxes ? 
  i thought these were proud socialists states ? 
   if you honestly thought that , you would n't be on a computer right now and all your money would be being sent to third world countries . 
  i never thought that , i 'm just telling you what europeans have been telling me . 
  everything they call the us a 3rd world shithole for `` not having healthcare and letting people die . '', 
  they said they had everything figured out . 
  what changed ? 
  angola , ethiopia , cuba , iran , czech republic , hungary , vietnam , north korea . 
  they had quite a reach . 
   the us is always the slightly stronger power during cold war despite the size of the soviet union . 
  the late 50 's and 60 's it was very very close and the soviets had a better military for some time .
