  i know but he had no means of attacking the us . 
  what do you think ? 
   i said no one won except the arms dealers . 
  which is a stupid comment that a conspiracy theorist would say . 
  the governments were getting arms for nothing and controlled most of the production . 
   you are a caricature , a stereotype of a typical american idiot . 
  you 're an uneducated moron who is projecting very hard . 
   arms manufacturers make money in time of war ? 
  what 's that got to do with the u.s ? 
  the part where you said it was the us . 
  how do you exist in your day to day activities being this stupid ? 
  this is one of my stalkers , extermely disturbed and very angry . 
  also mass downvoting does n't work kid . 
  i like how you can dismiss your utter ignorance with . 
  banter mate . 
  calm your tits . 
  sure thing kiddo . 
  lay off whatever drugs you are doing kid . 
  me  yeah , wwii was a massive business conspiracy you  from your side it was . 
  you mean who gives a shit about the facts ? 
  you literally said the us only got involved in wwii to make money and ti was a business conspiracy . 
  the facts do n't agree . 
   i 'm not going off topic so you can have a wank in to your stars and stripes handkerchief . 
  maybe you should have defeated the germans so we did n't have to get involved . 
  and the us gave out massive amounts of things for free or near cost and had a couple hundred thousand die then helped rebuild after the war you started . 
  you 're a bit uneducated are n't you ? 
   yeah , wwii was a massive business conspiracy  from your side it was . 
  never forget !, 
  well said , america started wwii for the corporations . 
  you 're not very good at this . 
   maybe the arms companies . 
  yeah , wwii was a massive business conspiracy . 
  upvoted , russia won wwii and was no different than america . 
  aside from doing the heavy lifting !, 
  did your parents have any children that lived ? 
  is that the comment you want to stick with ? 
  you can do better . 
  you know this well made and well cited video should be shown to all americans . 
  and we should formally apologize as a nation for overthrowing the government the people of france loved so much . 
  maybe they thought you had oil ? 
   so one dailymotion video with a low amount of views speaks for the entire nation of france ? 
  again , people are n't binary . 
  i know i was joking , i 'm shocked this shit even got upvoted . 
   american nazi party did n't exist until the 1950 's . 
   we 're talking about why the allies were n't always popular no we 're talking about how bad americans are . 
  i do n't see any other nation mentioned . 
  [ us military doctrine : why use men when you can use shells ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4wvkff/new_american_and_british_studies_have_debunked/d6a9uqn ) [ more french soldiers where killed during ww1 than us soldiers in all the us military history ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4wvkff/new_american_and_british_studies_have_debunked/d6aci2a ) yeah , what a discussion . 
   civilian deaths from bombings and rapes did happen . 
  yeah , no shit . 
  this is n't exactly news and it was n't only americans . 
   nor do most french people spend a lot of time talking about how evil the americans were for liberating them they are here . 
   of course the american army did bad shit in france just the americans , where is the discussion of the other armies ? 
   that does n't mean that the french are n't grateful for their liberation by the allies , because they are . 
  apparently not as we can see from this random daliymotion video . 
  yes because the `` facts '' only include marauding rapists who are destroying homes and killing innocent people . 
  that is when they 're not doing anything and russia is winning the war by itself . 
  i do n't think portraying these people as the beastmen from warhammer is all that accurate . 
   he only people that make such claims are everyone in this subreddit . 
  i 'm sorry i did n't mean to steal your lines . 
  what a witty retort !, 
  if only the americans could have been as open minded as the germans in that era . 
  yes because americans spend a lot of time talking about how evil the french were for helping, 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  the us had no business in the european war . 
  as we can see by the comments here there is nothing but contempt and hate for us soldiers in wwii . 
  america did n't do shit in wwii , showed up late . 
  russia won wwii . 
  now we can add , all america did was kill and rape innocent french people , i saw it on some random dailymotion video . 
  why not , clearly they are in danger and need saving . 
   a huge chunk of isis is comprised of saddam hussein 's republican guard . 
  baathists , who were working with the us and iraqi government . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sons_of_iraq if you had watched my link it addresses this and shows that aq in iraq was reduced to about a few dozen men and wiped out of iraq . 
  then the new shia government kicked out the us and started to clamp down on the sunni killing people and all kinds of other shit . 
  this made many of them flee to syria where isis grew during the syrian civil war which europe did n't lift a finger to stop . 
  so unless the us started the syrian civil war and arab spring you do n't have a leg to stand on . 
   i think a problem is that the police does n't have enough resources and training compared to europe . 
  true , i think the police in sweden would have put and end to gang violence a long time ago . 
  someone should make a film about a tv crew filming a a show about medieval europe that gets teleported back in time to real medieval europe . 
  starring seth rogan and james franco . 
  actually do n't . 
   not only is it inspired by medieval europe , it was also filmed her holy shit , he 's got a time machine !, 
   everyone was dragged in the sense that everyone was forced to go there to clean the mess that the us made in 2003 . 
  isis is pretty much the us 's frankenstein 's creature . 
  it 's 2016 , a lot has happened since 2003 . 
  i know that 's an easy bumper sticker thing to say but it has no real basis in reality . 
  educate yourself . 
   later they also use the term african-american to empathize that they are mainly criticizing usa . 
  i have an idea , why do n't you take in a few million as refugees since they have it so bad . 
  the assumption statistic . 
   the pc crowd europe led the way with this . 
  you 're the ones banning gender in schools and arresting people for calling each other names . 
  i knew this was the fault of america !, 
  i have to give you some credit though , these days i keep seeing europeans claiming those are european creations . 
   we would n't be all dragged now no one dragged anyone , nato did n't even go to either and only a token force was sent to afghanistan . 
   gaining political power ( both in trade and in stuff like pushing for the 2 % thing ) troops in europe have nothing to do with trade and there is no political power to speak of . 
  us companies are constantly being attacked by the eu and there is fierce opposition to the us on virtually everything diplomatically , just look at syria , iraq and even sanction on iran and russia . 
  fuck europeans want to give russian spies amnesty to spite the us . 
   rocket bases in europe ( easier to be a superpower this way ) waste of money . 
   the military industrial complex profits a lot by weapons being sold to european countries ( wonder why us is pushing for the 2 % , huh ) the military industrial complex does n't exist .
