  lets hope so . 
  canada also calls itself multicultural , a salad bowl , just like the us . 
  and canada has far more in common with the us than the uk . 
  the fact is you just do n't want to be associated with the us because you fucking hate americans . 
   i fail to see how the us can be compared to the uk agreed , the uk is much more like poland , latvia , italy and hungary then the us . 
   should have realised the secret was to invent an unpopular sport . 
  well you invented a few you 're no good at . 
  that 's your opinion of course but it has nothing to do with the original claim . 
   nazi germany was on the retreat from stalingrad before you got involved battle of stalingrad ( 23 august 1942 -- 2 february 1943 ) / rbadhistory  d-day was quite easy , lol  aye you supplied the uk whilst making a shit ton of money . 
  the us gifted over 90 % of those good and made no money . 
  americans need more exposure to europeans so we can get out of nato . 
  you 're doing em a great service . 
   i am not inconsistent . 
  the only thing i said was , joining the wars 2-3 years after it startet does n't made you to the `` ww champions '' . 
  so the us lost . 
  got it . 
  and the soviets joined 2-3 years late too , aside from splitting up poland first . 
  you might want to let them know they lost too . 
   you would be heroes in my eyes , if you had joined the war ( s ) immediately , probably saved millions of lives ( incl . 
  the jews ) yes and if you did n't start the war and kill all the jews people might have a different opinion about you as well . 
  tell us ho austria defeated the imperial japanese army and liberated asia . 
  you mean individual citizens and global businesses did business with germany and france ? 
  wow . 
  not quite what [ you guys were up to ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denmark_in_world_war_ii#protectorate_government_1940.e2.80.9343 ) . 
  and i do n't see how a french poll plays intno any of this . 
   he criticised that it is popular opinion in the united states that the u.s. did the most to defeat national socialist germany you mean he made that up . 
   you do n't care because all the video game industry is geared towards pleasing the us market , why is that ? 
  why are n't you creating a company to fill the demand you have ? 
   french are n't even in the fucking game . 
  ...  `` the french army is present in the single player campaign , explained to the french world by julien wera , strategic director of swedish studio dice , which is developing the game . 
  for multiplayer , the french army had such an important role in the first world war we wanted to do special treatment , which required more time , so they will be playable , but after the launch of the game , in an extension that will be dedicated to this army . '', 
  so they 're int he game and they 're looking to make more money from the dlc . 
   people also see the game as an american product funny , it 's swedish . 
   lots of americans have money to buy games and dlcs i find this hard to believe because european are telling me we have no money because we spend it all on healthcare and ca n't even make simple things like bread or cheese . 
   first of all , thinking that a war that big is n't `` your problem '' just because you are on the other side of an ocean is minor thinking . 
  so now you 're calling for more american interventionism . 
  funny how inconsistent you are with this . 
  seems like any choice the us makes is wrong . 
  we should have collaborated and helped hitler like the danes did . 
   the narrative seems to be you did the most work in defeating hitler . 
  you mean the strawman you set up to justify your bias . 
  yeah , the us was on the losing end and did little . 
  are you going to protest ? 
  boycott , we must not let this unacceptable thing happen !, 
  one of us gets it and it 's not you . 
   go fly to the moon , or start a war , or shoot down a school or whatever your country does today . 
  watch as a xenophobic moron lashes out in anger over his own stupidity . 
   i was talking about the general representation of the war in ( us ) medias and your example is , inglourious basterds . 
  that 's insanely hilarious . 
  and btw it 's a german-american film and it 's alternate history fiction . 
   they representation of us / ger in media - not what really happend . 
  yes we 're all aware fiction ins ' t real . 
  elijah wood did n't save middle earth either . 
  because americans are backward subhumans to most of these people . 
  thank you , this is what should be pissing people off . 
  then again the ridiculous money grab is fucked too . 
  it 's almost as if they 're trying to squeeze money out of you . 
  you 're such a victim . 
   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0361748/?ref_=nv_sr_1 that is fucking hilarious , you actually think this . 
  yeah we get it , america did n't do shit . 
  and russia joined the allies a few months before the us . 
  this is the greatest comment in r/europe history . 
  i hope we this on a daily basis until americans are home . 
  syria is n't neutral , somalia does n't have a government , and there are no drone strikes in iran . 
   this is the stance of most major us leaders http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/11/world/europe/11gates.html  perhaps most significantly , mr. gates issued a dire warning that the united states , the traditional leader and bankroller of the alliance , is exhausted by a decade of war and and its own mounting budget deficits , and simply may not see nato as worth supporting any longer . 
   `` the blunt reality is that there will be dwindling appetite and patience in the u.s. congress -- and in the american body politic writ large -- to expend increasingly precious funds on behalf of nations that are apparently unwilling to devote the necessary resources or make the necessary changes to be serious and capable partners in their own defense , '' mr. gates said . 
   mr. gates complained of what he called a `` two-tiered '' membership structure , `` between those willing and able to pay the price and bear the burdens of commitments , and those who enjoy the benefits of nato membership but do n't want to share the risks and the costs . '' he added that some nato partners are `` apparently willing and eager for american taxpayers to assume the growing security burden left by reductions in european defense budgets . '', 
   the us does not want a strong russia the cold war is over , russia is n't even close to strong in any sense . 
   for example maintaining ten carrier fleets are expenses that are purely meant for us projection power and not for nato defence this is n't true . 
  no i want to learn more from you . 
  you know more than americans do . 
   some places illegal in germany anything that 's illegal in germany is fundamentally wrong as germany does everything correctly . 
  please , tell me more about the us . 
  so where are the meaningful actions like sanctions ? 
  but that 's just one person , europe needs to address the disease not the symptom . 
  sanction on the us and the removal of us troops would send a much stronger message . 
   you americans do n't have to deal with binge dinking puking fighting british tourists , like we do ... 
  they come to ny , florida and vegas and do that shit . 
  more like wishing , because it 's all about his own self image . 
  i know , there are a lot of ignorant bigots in europe . 
  i 'm with you on that , you should n't be downvoted for it . 
  funny how you 're being down voted while everyone calling americand `` stupid fat people '' are getting upvoted . 
  the sad part is , you actually think this . 
  you have a quality media . 
   generally the stereotype about germans here is they 're hard workers who build decent things . 
  executivemonkey posts outlandish things to see who will bite . 
   and this is why most europeans think americans are retarded . 
  thats a legit stereotype around here . 
  do n't forget fat !, 
  we 're fat and stupid !, 
  got ta love r/europe . 
  upvoted , no one in the us has crossed the street in years or walked after having a beer . 
  maybe it 's the fear of being shot . 
  this article is about a year old . 
  do n't be silly , kangaroos make shitty police . 
   great , if i ever manage to visit these united states , i wo n't have to worry about my life of paranoid cops or criminal gangs yes these are valid concerns . 
  have you seen mad max ? 
  it 's pretty much what life is like in the us . 
  [ yeah , it 's on the front of til ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/4myoxm/til_most_people_in_europe_do_not_use_air/ ), 
   is europe caving into america 's paranoia it must be this if you have to ask .
