  `` hid drugs in a jet ski '' . . that guys sounds like the type of dude you want around . 
  i wonder how far they go with this . 
  is a guy who thinks the godfather sucked on the list . 
  is that why they 'll always telling us how much better they are than everyone . 
   and the french and the british . 
  as i did in fact mention . 
  both of whom are european , last i checked . 
  actually , just the dutch . 
  the facts do n't agree with your fantasy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre i do n't know why you even bother to bring out this nonsense . 
   e actually own up to our fucking mistakes you do n't , that much is clear . 
   you do know the eu has nations with substantial armies ? 
  nobody wants the massive us bases in europe but you know who does want them ? 
  oh that 's right , the us . 
  that 's awesome , can we ditch this nato thing ? 
  of course , europeans can do not wrong . 
  this is all the fault of americans . 
  you need to petition your courts to change their rulings . 
   the dutch battalion `` dutchbat '' was found guilty by the courts in the netherlands of failing to protect some of the bosniak refugees in the safe area [ 33 ] minister voorhoeve of the netherlands had ordered that `` under no circumstances was dutchbat allowed to cooperate in the separate treatment of men . 
  '' [ 314 ] a nato battalion is expected to be able to exercise judgement when confronted with a conflict between rules of engagement and a specific order designed to protect refugees ; moreover , it was the netherlands and not the un that had effective control of dutchbat . 
   i guess china can have a few . 
  i agree and they should start in the netherlands . 
  mostly baptists . 
  and trust me , you guys get a very realistic view of the us in europe . 
  the largest sect of christians in the us are catholics . 
   i heard that this is taught as an alternative to evolutionism on biology classes there . 
  it is n't but hey , you want to believe what you want . 
  also 1/3rd of uk teachers want to teach creationism . 
  upvoted , stupid american need to know when to stfu . 
  i think the greatest nation to ever exist can take care of itself . 
  or at least take the spot of the us . 
   but we should n't forget how the soviets won world war ii in europe . 
  even the washington post is getting in on this !, 
   assimilation in america or canada seeks to override that ethnic identity in favor of an abstract american identity , this went out of styles nearly 60 years ago . 
  now it 's this . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salad_bowl_ ( cultural_idea ), 
  that 's apples and bowling balls . 
  does the us have a royal family with hundreds of members who might be tied to terrorism ? 
  but i agree that reddit is a poor judge of these things . 
  shit saudis are victims of terrorism more often than westerners . 
  no , by your own standard you 'll see that many brits support and fund isis . 
  fuck hundreds if not thousands have even joined their ranks . 
  these are the standards you set . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/616865/isis-funding-evil-regime-with-your-money according to you , uk is a terrorist state . 
  just like the uk supports isis and the paramilitaries in northern ireland . 
   churchill was pushing for more war and fdr was appeasing stalin . 
  neither one of these things were happening . 
  the ideas were dismissed by british command which is why churchill did nothing . 
   fdr was appeasing stalin . 
  how is that possible with him being dead at the time ? 
  also the us was a bit busy fighting the other half of the war in the pacific . 
   it 's also the truth . 
  you literally have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  sorry if being a nazi collaborator made you angry , confused and sad . 
  it 's also the truth . 
  it 's been a while since i 've seen you write a completely useless comment , welcome back !, 
   americans sold out eastern europe . 
  heard that everyone , a guy from a nazi collaborating nation is telling americans that they `` sold out '' eastern europe by not wanting to fight wwiii against the soviets . 
  even though a link above clearly shows the uk was the one proposing sphere 's of influence . 
   only after it became clear to churchill that ` murica was n't really serious about fighting for freedom , did he start negotiating . 
  oh this is adorable . 
  yeah , america was n't serious about wwii and that 's why they did n't liberate anyone . 
  why did n't sweden do it ? 
  why did you sell out all of europe from day 1 , aside from the nazis of course ? 
  once again thank you russia for single handedly winning wwii !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unthinkable oh and you 're wrong . 
   the plan was taken by the british chiefs of staff committee as militarily unfeasible due to a three-to-one superiority of soviet land forces in europe and the middle east , where the conflict was projected to take place . 
  the majority of any offensive operation would have been undertaken by american and british forces , as well as polish forces and up to 100,000 german wehrmacht soldiers . 
  any quick success would be due to surprise alone . 
  if a quick success could not be obtained before the onset of winter , the assessment was that the allies would be committed to a protracted total war . 
  in the report of 22 may 1945 , an offensive operation was deemed `` hazardous '' . 
   kindly forgetting why they were under communist rule from the get go because russia won wwii and america did nothing . 
   winston churchill ( not stalin ) proposed the agreement , under which the uk and ussr agreed to divide europe into spheres of influence , with one country having `` predominance '' in one sphere , and the other country would have `` predominance '' in another sphere . 
  fucking americans like churchill forced communism on poland . 
   and it 's obvious us opposed the ussr because they wanted to free hungary and poland . 
  that what the cold war was all about . 
  yeah those americans , what bastards . 
  as you often remind us , the usa is the new nazi germany . 
   it 's an easy calculation : you want influence ? 
  pay for it - or go back to that `` isolationism '' . 
  funny , as we have zero influence in germany . 
  we 're spending and getting nothing and you do n't even take your own defense seriously which is fine because i do n't think anyone is out to attack you . 
   do n't pretend you keep all those military infrastructure over here `` for the sake of european people '' . 
  it serves a very real self-interest . 
  you 're half right , it serves a domestic political interest and not a real world one . 
  the only thing trump says that i agree with is that there is no need for nato , both parties act like this is the most offensive thing ever because they have the cold war mentality and it would be seen to them as a `` loss '' politically . 
  nato is nothing but a loss for the us as only the uk takes it seriously and we can have a bilateral alliance with them . 
   the us operates drones in jordan ... for which they need the ramstein base ... no , quite the opposite . 
   the us has over 5.000 deployed troops in northern iraq ... flewn in over ramstein airbase ... and if they `` spain an ankle '' they get flown back to ? 
  landstuhl hospital . . that 's merely the status quo , not a requirement and they 'll be gone soon enough . 
   and again ... israel was supplied over ramstein ... which would be repeated if necessary . 
  which it is n't . 
   on a final note - just close down the damn thing ... most germans would welcome that . 
  i fully support that and you should too . 
  you should also put your money where your mouth is and boycott us goods and services . 
  if we work together one day we can have little to do with each other . 
  that 's the dream . 
   n https://www.bellingcat.com/news/mena/2016/02/25/reaper-drones-revealed-operating-jordan/ this article does n't say anythign about bombing jordan like you claimed . 
  why would you even bother posting this ? 
   there are no more ( troops in iraq ) a handful of advisers in iraq two years ago is n't quite the scenario you presented and does n't need a base in germany to operate .
