  yes , ti would reduce redundancy , make training and equipping much more efficient and give you the policial neutrality you desire . 
  it 's a shame your opinion is n't be respected . 
  i agree with you and it 's really the best solution for everyone involved . 
  an island nation with a strong military and nukes probably does n't need to be in a defensive alliance with micro nations that ca n't protect their borders . 
  just a thought . 
  salty serbs , i do n't think nato started that war . 
  then you 'll have china added to the mix of those claiming arctic rights and a possible world war . 
  this is one of many reasons america should have nothing to do with nato . 
  just as long as you can feel superior . 
  they being self loathing americans like th author whose sole premise relies on americans , being stupid , which is something the new yorker and it 's shit do n't stink readers love and the users here . 
  half the comments here are about trump . 
  and european before you got it banned for harassing people . 
  no , it 's just that you 're a known regular poster in nazi subreddits is all . 
  do you go to klan rallies just for the bbq ? 
  quick , say something intelligent and clever like `` butthurt . '', 
   typical lefty , now i 've heard it all . 
  he 's actually `` butthurt . '', 
  we 've already established you are wrong , why are you still blabbing ? 
   butthurt  intelectually challenged oh boy . 
   butthurt . 
  how to not be taken seriously by anyone . 
  this is some very low quality trolling . 
   but we are n't exactly autonomous either . 
  do you know what that word means ? 
  do you have some examples of this ? 
   you meant ` about u.s. citizens ' , but since you 're an imperialistic capitalist pig , you spoke for two continents while only talking about a specific conglomeration of rednecks and hillbillies . 
  sorry to break it to you but people have referred to us citizens as `` americans '' for hundreds of years no matter how much you and the corpse of huge chavez dislike it . 
   you failed to realise the sarcastic nature of the article at hand no , it was pretty over the top and relied on the basic premise of americans being stupid to even work . 
   if you want the us to stop ordering you around , you do n't have to be strong enough to stop them well said , the usa has been ordering and bullying europe around and threatening military action . 
  you must build an army to resist this . 
  that 's how it should be viewed , a sober analysis . 
  was wondering how they 'd be able to turn this into something spiteful about americans . 
   i 'm tired of this pathetic butthurt  americans want the cannon fodder to stay around : / i 'm tired of this pathetic butthurt, 
  lets get those numbers up . 
  send those yanks home so you do n't have to die for them . 
  you should apply for asylum , tell them how bad you have it . 
  it should be and it should be higher for those that have slacked for decades . 
  yeah poles have been real cannon fodder for america . 
  i ca n't believe there are us troops in your country . 
  can you start protesting them please ? 
  when people talk about a `` circlejerk '' on reddit , this comment section is a perfect example . 
   makes me vomit . 
  funny how john oliver was a darling on reddit when he only was mocking us politics in a completely disingenuous manner . 
  now that he 's expanded and is doing to same to others , he 's hated . 
  no they 've gone though the thousands of us publications and made a determination based on facts . 
   it was not exactly a choice left entirely to me . 
  yes it is . 
  you 're using american goods and services . 
  you 're voting with your dollars and electing leaders who have the same ideas as the americans . 
  so start living what you preach . 
  i 'll do my part ad vote for people who will diminish us involvement in europe as much as possible . 
   you 're a goddamn retard . 
  that is n't always killing the poor . 
  who do you think were emigrating and dying ? 
   you 're acting like the us never went to war or committed genocide . 
  try to follow , you 're bragging about being the # 1 economy and the # 1 military . 
  well neither are true but they should be given that you kicked out all your poor or killed them . 
  the us took most of them . 
  and still manages to compete . 
  and the us did n't have several hundred years head start plundering the globe for it 's riches like you did . 
   i am going to watch south park now , something made by your countrymen that actually have a brain yes and i 'll go watch ... oh wait , you guys do n't make shit . 
  yeah , there were n't two massive world wars and several genocides in the past 100 years . 
   the us has n't always been the richest and europe has also always had refugees and poor people . 
  the us has been since the late 1800 's and europe has either killed it 's poor in wars or shipped them to america . 
  also as you were raping the world for it 's riches . 
  but hey , i welcome you as a rival . 
  you already are economically and politically . 
  comments about native political dissidents being sent to gulags , retort with a non-citizen mistaken for a terrorist . 
  one day you 'll learn how these things work . 
  why do you associate with evil people ? 
   eu combined has the largest defense budget in the world but these budget are n't combined and there is not eu military . 
  plus budget is a poor way of summing capability . 
   but it is also the biggest economy on the planet and growing barely and that 's how many nations that have had how many years to collect wealth vs one which has been taking in poor people for the past 150 years ? 
  you say the same things every time you post , are you agenda pushing ? 
  arrest those involved . 
  sanction the usa . 
   a lot of similar methods , just different intentions well said , thousands of redditors have been sent to gulags for dissent . 
  assange literally worked for rt and has been pretty open about his desire to hurt the us and uk . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/media/2010/dec/17/julian-assange-sweden  her account to police , which assange disputes , stated that he began stroking her leg as they drank tea , before he pulled off her clothes and snapped a necklace that she was wearing . 
  according to her statement she `` tried to put on some articles of clothing as it was going too quickly and uncomfortably but assange ripped them off again '' . 
  miss a told police that she did n't want to go any further `` but that it was too late to stop assange as she had gone along with it so far '' , and so she allowed him to undress her . 
   according to the statement , miss a then realised he was trying to have unprotected sex with her . 
  she told police that she had tried a number of times to reach for a condom but assange had stopped her by holding her arms and pinning her legs . 
  the statement records miss a describing how assange then released her arms and agreed to use a condom , but she told the police that at some stage assange had `` done something '' with the condom that resulted in it becoming ripped , and ejaculated without withdrawing . 
   on sunday 15 august , monica told police , miss a told her that she thought assange had torn the condom on purpose . 
  according to monica , miss a said assange was still staying in her flat but they were not having sex because he had `` exceeded the limits of what she felt she could accept '' and she did not feel safe . 
   early the next morning , miss w told police , she had gone to buy breakfast before getting back into bed and falling asleep beside assange . 
  she had awoken to find him having sex with her , she said , but when she asked whether he was wearing a condom he said no . 
  `` according to her statement , she said : ` you better not have hiv ' and he answered : ` of course not , ' '' but `` she could n't be bothered to tell him one more time because she had been going on about the condom all night . 
  she had never had unprotected sex before . '', 
   are you that dense ? 
  you do n't know why you send military troops everywhere ? ... 
  yes it 's legacy of the cold war and bad foreign policy decisions . 
   you send troops so you are the superpower . 
  so that you have troops everywhere and show your dominance . 
  no thanks , our culture and economy can do that without all this messy stuff . 
   the power is clearly seen and you can respond to any threat to the us from any part of the world in a matter of hours . 
  world police has been a failed policy and it 's time to correct the course . 
  a strong navy and air force can keep our interests intact . 
   and by having military troops in other countries you can have leverage over them when it comes to agreements .
