  no issue with sikhs what so ever, 
  nope , you will get community service . 
  uk pays the most out of all eu countries by far, 
  sorry can you explain i do n't understand ? 
  waiting for the riots, 
   bradford why am i not suprised, 
  wow thanks for the kind words, 
  i 'd swap a thousand of you for 1 farage, 
  the delusion is strong with this one, 
  we love each and every one of you equally . 
  even you ireland . 
  essentially they want to live in their own little bubble within a state , no desire to integrate what so ever . 
  why this is being allowed is beyond me, 
  can anyone explain to me how this is not essentially replacing the native population with a foreign one ? 
  i feel like i am missing something here and it might be my own stupidity that is the reason, 
  translated : cheap labour while ceo 's get richer . 
  feel like i 'm in an insane asylum , spoke to my parents about it as well and they are of the same opinion . 
  fo real dawg, 
  if the uk leaves the whole thing will eventually unravel, 
  shit , you got me . 
  maybe i am just pessimistic . 
  all i will say is watch the crime stats of places where the migrants settle in the next few years compared to now . 
  no you are not , you have genuine concerns and you need to speak up and make your voice heard , do not be shamed . 
  you are wrong, 
  with wanting more stuff comes crime , rape and murder . 
  yes absolutely this also , and of course this is a generalization , i have had a few muslim friends in my life who were cool , but i think we have to be sensible, 
  refugees i have no qualms with , i will happily take 10k refugees from camps in syria . 
  these people marauding across europe are not refugees for the most part . 
  just watch this video , this is a speech with an actual syrian refugee in belgrade https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbj49ols24a, 
  no one believes this anymore mate , your propaganda wo n't work on me, 
  lift is an understatement . 
  marxists, 
  which would be more palatable if merkel was n't calling saying all syrians will be granted asylum , she is just exasperating the problem . 
  oh you, 
  do n't need tanks for an invasion , do these looks like refugees to you ? 
  excellent , now the dutch are on side . 
  good one , 
  keep that hamster spinning in your head . 
  if it meant choosing between these two scumbags being blown to pieces or leaving them alive and watching them murder a couple of yazidi girls in the middle of the street on liveleak next week i know which i 'd choose every , single , time . 
  sometimes people have to do mean things so people like you can carry living on in their fantasy world . 
  you are part of the problem , preferring to stand on the moral high ground while innocents are being beheaded in the streets of raqqa . 
  makes me sick . 
  his point has no weight, 
  he banned a user for posting an interview with a greek woman who was as much a victim of this crisis as the syrian boy that drowned last week . 
  allowing discussion about one but not the other is simply pushing an agenda . 
  you are the fanatic not us, 
   germany why am i not suprised, 
  then why are they trying to force their smaller neighbors into taking them, 
  haha nice one, 
  well i hope it all works out , my other comment is being downvoted i see . 
  it 's an inevitability at this point i feel, 
  i have a feeling that is going to change very soon , call me pessimistic . 
  i truly feel sorry for the greek locals , if there is any kind of fund set up that you are aware of please pm me the details, 
  just like they will endeavor to destroy every community they come in contact with , these people are invaders simple as that . 
  can anything be done about him ? 
  nothing humerous amount my family being killed you sick fuck, 
  germans killed my great uncle , wounded my great grandfather and almost killed my grandmother , i 'm sorry if i distrust these people somewhat . 
  i have n't change my opinion at all , i 've been anti ` refugee ' ( the germany/calais kind ) for months , i agree with cameron on taking from syria camps though . 
  my housemate however is a moron , he probably saw something on lad bible that swayed his opinion , fuck knows . 
  these videos are as relevant to this crisis as the pictures of the syrian boy who drowned , these greek people are the victims as well , if the mods are truly trying to censor these threads to stop these videos being shown then i think it shows you what kind of agenda they are trying to push . 
  why are they being banned ? 
  this , we should be moving closer to our anglo brothers . 
  thank you for your insight fedoralord , now fuck off back to your basement you parasite . 
  this and greece a few months back , i ca n't see why anyone would want to stay in anymore , its just a horror show . 
  farage ? 
  she 's the biggest threat to europe , not just the eu . 
  i pray it does, 
  well said, 
  remember to vote out of the eu , this shit show has gone on long enough . 
  two sides of the same coin i 'm afraid , they will never learn . 
  strap yourselves in boys . 
  this is gon na be one wild ride the next 10 years . 
  oh it will ` occupy ' germany alright, 
  i 'll tell you why , all that merkel has done has greenlit thousands ( millions ? ), 
  of refugees in turkey/lebanon to make the suicidal journey across the med , prepare for more pictures of children washed up on the beach in greece whilst the traffickers ( isis ? ), 
  rub their hands together with all the money they are making . 
  she does n't care about the european people . 
  here are her ` refugees ' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab6g1mxmex4 germany once again on the path for destroying europe . 
  wish i 'd page more attention to my grandfather when i was a kid . 
  i think its quite obvious by now that this evil women does not have europeans best interests at heart . 
  you are the nut my misguided polish friend, 
  the vast majority will never leave, 
   apologising to people for not giving them enoough free benefits are you ill ? 
  good on you, 
  sorry friend , we do n't buy in to mama merkels plan for germanys ( and by extension europes ) self destruction . 
  well you will see the back of us after next year and you can take as many ` refugees ' as you want in the mean time . 
  more good than your country pal, 
  enjoy your ` refugees ' while we take the genuine ones who ca n't afford the $ 10k ticket to germany , 
  which is exactly what we should be doing . 
  do n't let the fucking media guilt you . 
  says the leftist who is all about ` muh feels ' . 
  so true , hell bent on destruction once again . 
  i hope my country has the balls to stand up to them like we 've done in the past . 
  here come the german bully tactics, 
  believe what you want i do n't care , 
  do you not understand the difference between refugees and migrants ? 
  yes he is , kid is a moron, 
  actually no i work at a software company, 
  i 've spoke to people at work today who are genuinely sick and tired of the media the last few days showing the pictures of the little drowned syria boy and telling us to feel guilty and that its our fault . 
  i 've noticed a palpable shift in views , my housemate for example is very liberal and who was pro letting in calais immigrants as little as 3 months ago is now saying we should n't let a single person in and is considering voting to leave the eu .
