  are you threatening us austria ? 
  germans pay the bills , 
  need an eu referendum like air to be honest, 
  serious question , how are these refugees being vetted ? 
  i mean how plausible is it that there are isis fighters among them ? 
  i 'm sure the german people wo n't mind . 
  these people obviously need genuine help whatever the cost . 
  excellent , let it crash burn and die until we sort this mess out . 
  yet . 
  we did n't cause this war . 
  why is it our responsibility ? 
  if i was a german citizen i would be looking to move as soon as possible, 
  how very short sighted of you, 
  the damage has been done . 
  unless this is stopped this year germany will be finished . 
  the 18-25 men age bracket will be tipped over to those of a non white background demographically . 
  there will be no reaction i 'm afraid . 
  look at the other comments, 
  do n't expect the state to keep you safe any more i 'm afraid . 
  born just in time to witness the destruction of europe . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  you wo n't be stripping us of anything sonny jim, 
  i do n't need to educate myself thanks . 
  after watching the debacle that was the greece affair i do n't know how anyone can legitimately defend the eu . 
  you think the greek people are better off in the eu and have an increased amount of the things i 've listed since joining the eu ? 
  well i believe they do have something to do with brexit so i 'll be voting out . 
  social cohesion . 
  safety . 
  health . 
  preserving your culture . 
  freedom . 
  etc, 
  some-things are more important than money . 
  we in the west are suscepted to an onslaught of unjustified guilt baiting by the media in order for it to make it easier for those with power to destroy our collective society 's, 
  some things are more important than money friend . 
  maybe one day you will realise this . 
  tell that to israel, 
  never . 
  our politicians wo n't allow it . 
  bojo , farage , rees-moog , galloway . 
  my word . 
  the dream team . 
  first boris and now finding out leaving the eu would trigger the scots to leave . 
  what a day . 
  i remember news about a online paedophile gang here in the uk not so long ago . 
  but nothing like what we are seeing in places like rotherham . 
  why are you hoping white people did it ? 
  is it so that you can continue the lie that the media are continually pushing on you ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  we have no responsibility for these people , they are illegal immigrants . 
  if they want to apply for asylum than they can ... 
  in france , or at one of the un refugee camps that have been established across lebanon etc. 
  why is this so hard to understand ? 
  the further we distance ourselves from this madwoman the better, 
  theres a difference between racism and inciting hatred/violence . 
  saying ' i do n't like brown people because they smell bad ' is racist but i should be allowed to say it saying ' i think that all brown people should be killed ' is inciting hatred/violence and should be illegal . 
  who cares what this disgusting human being has to say ? 
  you are aware that shariah law advocates the stoning of homosexuals and women who commit adultery yes ? 
  let in thousands of undocumented migrants . 
  fail to accurately surveillance said migrants once they arrive . 
  act shocked and appalled when a number of the undocumented migrants commit acts of terrorism impose non stop state of emergency laws on the rest of the populace if its not clear who the real enemy of the french people are to you i do n't know what to say to you . 
  even more reason to vote out . 
  iran , syria and russia would not lose against saudi arabia and turkey im sorry, 
  and i hope russia does defend syria and assad . 
  assad may not be a good guy but its clear that any potential peace process will need to involve him at this point . 
  heres an excellent video on the subject https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7taaw3oqvg, 
  another reason why im voting out in the upcoming referendum, 
  what are you mad about ? 
  she has broken europe , and now someone who knows what they are doing needs to fix it, 
  there should be no punishment read my comment, 
  when is turkey going to answer for the ottoman empires conquests of the middle east and north africa ? 
  or is it only white people that have to answer for colonialism ? 
  are you a racist against white people ? 
  answer truthfully . 
  if we do take them in we can collectively kiss sweet goodbye to the freedoms and lifestyle we enjoy currently, 
  i know you are being sarcastic but answer me this . 
  when is turkey going to start paying reparations for what the ottoman empire did . 
  that 's usa , russia and israels issue . 
  the people of germany today have done nothing wrong and should not feel guilty for the sins of their fathers . 
  not a conspiracy , she speaks plainly . 
  the germans of today have nothing to feel guilty for . 
  got ta hold on to that guilt . 
  makes it easier to destroy a country . 
  i do n't see anything cringe worthy about any of those things, 
  one even posed for a selfie https://twitter.com/nastasssja/status/656783433985884160, 
  next spring is going to be very interesting indeed, 
  not that i 'm aware of , i guess it 's just a question of if the trend continues . 
  well i 'm not sure theirs much to explain really , its simple mathematics . 
  german birth rates are the lowest in europe ( 1.4 children per family i believe ) but immigration is increasing . 
  it wo n't be instant but if you look at the demographics that is exactly what will eventually happen, 
  here comes the fear propoganda, 
  instead of razor wire will there be a chain of daisy 's atop the wall ? 
  did n't she berate hungary for building a wall on their border ? 
  feminism/progressives and pc culture mixed with a hint of white guilt . 
  well memed sir, 
  sanctions incoming, 
  our government may want them in . 
  the people do n't i am sure . 
  if this happens then i am sure britain will vote to leave the eu . 
  i 'm anti- ` refugee ' i am just trying to gauge how the german people view it .
