  it 's odd because i 've seen articles on here about how 91 % of germans support having more refugees ? 
  is this true ? 
  it 's hard to make out how germans really feel about the whole thing . 
   less borders whelp , i 'm out , thanks for your contribution though . 
  says the redditor talking in english while using a european invention . 
  top kek 11/10, 
  and why is it such a fantastic idea ? 
  bit like how women can get birth control for free but men have to pay right ? 
  the guilt is real, 
   40 % support it that means that 60 % do n't  42 % support it that means that 58 % do n't  45 % support it that means 55 % that do n't do you realise how ridiculous your argument is ? 
  the sooner we are free of any influence from this mad woman the better, 
  but it is a myth http://blogs.new.spectator.co.uk/2015/07/the-gender-pay-gap-is-a-myth/, 
  better move berlin to the top of my bucketlist, 
  you silly sausage, 
   us brits may aswell be shafted by it fixed for you, 
  laughable really, 
  na there wo n't be , the west is finished . 
  if i were you i would n't accept a single one , let the progressives burn in their own fire . 
  do what is right, 
  anglo union now, 
  then why did you let so many in to this country tony you shitlord, 
  he speaks for me, 
  we already are at war , people like you have enabled it and are now burying their heads in the sand . 
  your not disgusted by the terrorist attack itself ? 
  only by how it might get used ? 
  too late rev up them hashtags until the next massacre . 
  this is what happens when you approach 10 % muslim population i 'm afraid preparing for ban now, 
  yes because being run down in the street and then being shot is as going so well for people, 
  favourite cameron moment https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3euufkbm98, 
  or maybe its our traitorous governments, 
  yea but cornwall are n't trying to drag england into the eu like scotland tried too , rather get rid of them . 
   we i did n't do shit to these countries , my traitorous government did who i would gladly throw in jail for war crimes if i had the chance . 
  you think these globalist governments care about anything other than pushing their own agendas ? 
  like fuck do they . 
  because they are a drain on me ( being an english tax payer ), 
   please mr eu sir give us free money pathetic, 
  it is my privilege to tell scotland what to do , although if i had my way you would be kicked out of the uk and left to be the debt-ridden resource poor country scotland was destined to be . 
  and so again , why are they being allowed into our countries ? 
  tell me , should we import 100,000 americans if i want to eat at mcdonalds ? 
  why is it only european/western countries that are having diversity pushed on them ? 
  do you even realise what you are typing ? 
   if i do n't get a job i night start robbing/raping and/or blow myself up how about we simply do n't allow them in to our countries , has that thought ever crossed your intellectually advanced brain ? 
  thats right , keep attacking the traditional family unit which is the bedrock of our society and then scratch your head when you wonder why western civilization is starting to burn . 
  i wonder why that could possibly be . 
  thanks for your insight ahmed . 
  now you have the rape culture you always wanted feminists . 
  but why ? 
  because he opposes mass immigration ? 
  sure he may use divisive language and imagery at times , but we see the same divisive language all the time from other groups like black lives matter and other movements ( i saw a ` old people please die ' poster after the eu refrendum for instance ) why does he get so much hate and yet others , especially left leaning movements get a free pass . 
  4 million people voted for ukip last election , if hes calling nigel farage the ` head rat ' are we as his supporters by extension also rats ? 
  is n't this the kind of language the nazi 's used towards jews in 1930 's germany ? 
  nice argument there bud, 
  pro eu 3 years ago before the negotiations failed . 
  get your facts right . 
  this , even a sensible immigration policy and brexit would of been avoidable , its utter lunacy . 
  not going to happen . 
  uk is one of the biggest importers in the eu , norway one of the smallest importers , we hold way more cards in terms of negotiating than norway does , down vote me if you want but it does n't change that fact . 
  i did n't know my great grandfather but i learnt he was shot and wounded in this battle and was sent home , wish i could find out more about him . 
  i suggest you go turn off the news and go outside for a walk and realise that the england is not collapsing into some kind of intolerant fascist state . 
   pulling up the draw bridge you do realise there are countrys approaching us from around the world right now looking for potential fta yes ? 
  malysia , australia , colombia to name a few . 
  its like you are a walking reflection of the mainstream media , can you not think for yourself ? 
  sweden, 
  na its actually tony blairs fault . 
  the people never voted for mass immigration that labour introduced and the lower class have revolted in this referendum . 
  we 'll see whos laughing in 5 - 10 years time once mama merkel has done transforming you into an eu superstate and replaced you all with migrants . 
   taken as a whole , this long-term trend is far more worrying that the implications of brexit : europe 's voters are increasingly old and cranky , far more intent on preserving their benefits than on ensuring their children 's and grandchildren 's future . 
  and there 's very little we can do against it : the demographic trend is against us . 
  i fear for europe 's future . 
  yes because the youth employment rates across europe are amazing right now . 
  the future clearly lies in this failed project . 
  media are pushing this ` bregret ' story hard i see . 
  call off the whole referendum !, 
  yes it would . 
  i would love for us to move to pr . 
  no i agree but it always seems to be one sided, 
  so true , we 've just had a mandate given to the government to leave the eu and the bbc are too busy talking about corbyn , its hilarious and sad at the same time . 
  agree, 
  your tears are delicious . 
  4 million votes ? 
  you do realise that most of these are bots/non uk citizens and that the petition itself is being investigated for fraud yes ? 
  stay salty though . 
  another vote until you get the result you want ? 
  no thanks . 
  this petition is bogus . 
  ignore it . 
  islam had conquered huge swathes of christian lands in the 400 years prior to this , is he just going to gloss over that fact ? 
  uk politics is literally in melt down right now . 
  we have 52 % of the people voting for something that 75 % of mp 's were against . 
  we need new party 's asap that reflect the divisions in society , this referendum result was essentially a revolt by the english working class against the establishment that have systematically ignored them for a decade or more . 
  and labour have been probably the biggest culprit . 
  this is a good time as any to reinvent british politics, 
  problem is n't corbyn its the labour party , if they oust corbyn the members/unions will either reelect him or someone like him . 
  labour party needs splitting in two . 
  looking forward to reaching out to australia , canada etc. 
  can anyone tldr me on article 50 ? 
  because it was obviously spun by leave . 
  just like the economic collapse peddled by remain was taken on the absolutely worst possible outcome . 
  i am fully aware that of the # 350 only about half of it actually left the country , the point is that we now have full control over all that money , no strings attached . 
  immigration is the key issue in voters minds at the moment .
