  they are really up against it but i for one support what they are doing , we have no idea where half these people are coming from . 
  i 'm solidly anti- ` refugee ' but i want you here posting , it 's never a good idea to just have a one sided argument . 
  i up voted this article by the way . 
  anything is a welcome alternative to this slow death at the heads of the left/liberals right now, 
  n-no , i-it was just p-p-party popper to welcome m-migrants , please send more !, 
  no just the poor locals https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab6g1mxmex4, 
  i just look at them as naive , if they fully experienced the reality of what they are clamoring for i 'm sure their tunes would change . 
  that does n't make them any less of a threat, 
   the uk has the best idea shut this comment down !, 
  this is the question many including myself have been asking for weeks, 
  nailed it, 
  no they put their own people first , which is more than i can say for most eu governments . 
  poor greece , i know the people on lesbos have had a hellish time so far . 
  riots when ? 
  we do n't want your ` refugees ' thanks, 
  fo real dawg, 
  unfortunately no , i read the headline then i wrote a sensationalist comment, 
   the borders are n't closed , where the hell did you get that from ? 
  spin it how you want . 
  germany have reinstated border controls . 
   also , merkel did n't welcome all refugees , only syrian refugees . 
  do you really think merkels statement encouraged more syrians to cross the mediteranian in rickety rafts ? 
  do you really think if she stated that germany would strictly enforce dublin iii the syrians would just be all like `` man , fuck italy or greece , i 'll rather let isis slaughter me than go to those shitholes . '', 
  you are so naive it hurts , these ` refugees ' are dumping their id 's into the mediterranean , it does n't matter if they are syrian or not , if they can make it to germany and the authorities ca n't prove where they are from , where the fuck is germany going to send them ? 
  the lack of border controls in the eu basically meant it was a free for all for whatever iraqi/bandgladeshi/pakistani / god knows who else to make it to germany as quickly as possible and dump their id 's on the way . 
  and yes merkel 's statement encouraged more people into rickety rafts , there 's a news report on the front page of 15 more migrants drowning over the weekend . 
  merkel welcoming all refugees meaning people continuing to make suicidal journeys across the med ( and drowning ) and now at the end of the journey she has closed the german borders dumping them all on surrounding countries . 
  blame merkel , she is the one who greenlit every ` refugee ' to make these suicidal trips , the blood is on her hands . 
  it really is insulting , once again throwing around the n word to try and guilt/shame people into accepting suicidal policies . 
  i 'm so glad hungary stuck to their principles . 
  by not accepting a single one who cross illegally and instead take directly from the refugee camps in turkey/syria . 
  thats how . 
  germany have fucked up so much its beyond laughable, 
  i said it months ago , africa and middle east are literally exporting its people to europe . 
  when are we going to defend our own lands ? 
  because european culture and ideals is at threat and people are too stupid/lethargic to realize it, 
  my brother is gay and would open the uk borders if he could , i just do n't understand his thinking, 
  yes keep bringing your shitty conflicts over here, 
  been saying it for fucking weeks . 
  pure and utter madness . 
  i thought they could take 500k ? 
  tears germany is ruining europe once again, 
  comrade corbyn will never win a ge, 
  does n't matter mate , we can run our own shit . 
  i 'm more terrified if we stay, 
  the way hungary has been demonized is absolutely disgusting, 
  white men are not your enemy, 
  secularism is the way forward but i have no problem with christian values . 
  femanists vs islam * grabs popcorn *, 
  the sweden we see in 2050 will be radically different to the one we see today, 
  because we 've had the media literally telling us to feel ashamed and that we are all to blame for his death . 
  i hope everyone is writing complaint letters to the bbc . 
  i certainly am . 
  and will rise again when william becomes king . 
  fucking repulsive sub humans, 
  click bait article with no subsistence what so ever, 
  okay fair enough does n't stop me from believing that the bbc are only showing a single biased view of this crisis . 
  i 've seen no interviews with the people of kos/lesbos who are having their lives destroyed i 've seen no articles about the fact that many of these people are not even syrian i 've seen no articles relating to the fact many of these people are young men and so forth , my point still stands . 
  source ? 
  here we fucking go again . 
  bbc once again fucking ramping up the propaganda . 
  why do you like it so much ? 
  sounds like cultural genocide to me, 
  they are n't even trying to hide it anymore, 
  only to those with no spine, 
  never been . 
  what was the worst thing about it ? 
  no we should n't let them show their true colours and exactly why they are incompatible with civilized society . 
  when i said ` migrants ' i was referring to both incidents as a collective , yes the rape of the 7 year old girl was a single perpetrator . 
  she also said ` north african ' type in the interview , no not a direct connection but i think its very likely . 
  it 's unlikely we will hear the full story due to the media not willing to report on the matter and are instead focusing on germans handing sweets out at train stations . 
  a few right wing extremists means that they are hated in the whole country ? 
  by that logic does the couple of rapes that have been in commited by migrants in germany mean all migrants are rapists ? 
  a few terrorists mean that all of islam are terrorists ? 
  etc etc that is basically your argument and its ridiculous . 
  have a downvote . 
  i would n't bother , he clearly has no clue what he 's talking about anymore, 
  i have no idea what you are babbling on about anymore to be honest, 
  unfortunately i 'm at work so i can only find the source of the 7 year old right now , the other was via a swedish paper which i 've lost the link to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9cid-8ew3g, 
  what kind of ridiculous statement is this, 
  yea each to their own , i personally can only take london in small doses . 
  sounds like you are the one derailing by suggesting that an isolated incident involving some right wing extremists is an indicator that migrants are not welcome in germany and therefore are vindicated in their effort to cross into sweden . 
  by your logic the swedish women that was gang raped yesterday or the 7 year old german girl raped in munich by migrants is an indicator that all migrants are hostile . 
   the far right rarely lets an opportunity slip by just like the left media never misses an opportunity to expertly snap a picture of a women and child amid a crowd of young men am i right , 
  may i ask where you live ? 
  i find some of the big cities can be bad but as soon as i get out in to the country i instantly fall back in love . 
  i 'm not going to pretend to know anything about swedish politics but do the swedes on this sub believe the current government is acting in their best interests at the moment ? 
  is it really a fact though ? 
  how are you measuring ` welcomeness ' ? 
  subtle, 
  i 'd rather go to canada obviously . 
   hated everywhere they were hated in germany ? 
  are all those videos the bbc have been brainwashing me with of little kids handing out sweets to migrant children all wrong ? 
  but that 's what they are  they are already safe , they are now shopping for the best economic deal . 
  tell me what persecution they are fleeing in denmark or germany and if if you give me a valid reason i will concede to you they are refugees . 
  so they are fleeing for their lives in denmark to reach sweden ? 
  nice agenda pushing . 
  the man from your 4th picture is clearly not syrian either so is in fact an illegal immigrant who entered the eu illegally . 
  you seem to have mispelt ` economic migrants ', 
  just as predicted,
