  low skilled immigration hurts the english working class . 
  i know we get half that back , point is we can now control the full # 350m and do with it what we please rather than just the # 100 + m. 
  if they get elected on that as a part of there manifesto . 
  but it seems they are going to try over turning it in parliament . 
  it will be very interesting . 
  like you say its not corbyn thats the problem , it 's his mp 's . 
  i still think that the english working class need a party they can get behind and they wo n't find it with corbyn 's labour . 
  true . 
  the problem is that corbyn does n't fit the labour party in its current form . 
  its too blairite . 
  there are many many people out there who will vote for corbyn which is fine , i disagree with most of what corbyn says but i can see why people would vote for him , especially young people . 
  but on the flip side the voice of the english working class which has been unheard of for decades up until this referendum needs a party that it can get behind . 
  i do n't think both can co-exist in the same party anymore . 
  agree 1000 % as a leave voter . 
  this all could have been avoided if he did n't bring millions of people to the uk in such a short space of time under the peoples noses in an effort to increase his own voter base . 
  i truly despise him . 
  he is the reason why the english working class are now in revolt . 
  i truly wish it did n't have to be this way , but if the vote was tomorrow i 'd vote leave again . 
  we 've also been fucking bank rolling the eu for fucking decades . 
  jesus christ you people are fucking ungrateful . 
  ever cross your mind that these baby boomers experienced life before the eu and are now correcting their mistake of joining ? 
  or that they have decades of experience to draw upon when they made there vote ? 
  of course not , just keep blaming older people who 's fathers died fighting for the democratic vote you just had . 
  i voted leave . 
  explain to me how we can reform the eu . 
  give me an example of the eu handing back legislative powers before this referendum . 
  and yet you have no blame/anger towards juncker and co ? 
  none what so ever ? 
  you lost , i understand you are upset but why can you not accept the democratic vote ? 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious as to what has gone wrong with my generation . 
   democrats, 
  it 's been disgusting . 
  bbc/channel 4 have been trying to paint leavers as retarded the last 2 days . 
  running interviews in high bnp voter areas . 
  absolutely fucking disgusting . 
  he 's also destroyed any chance the tories have of getting into power again, 
  again - the only thing misleading here is how this video is being taken out of context the first part he 's talking about how some of that # 350m could be spent on schools , roads , healthcare etc , which is true , in theory that # 350m could be spent on those things . 
  nowhere does he say ` all # 350m will go to the nhs ' in the second part the interviewer asks him if the # 350m will go to the nhs , which he rightly says no . 
  firstly because he himself will not control it , and secondly because nowhere did anyone say all # 350m would go to the nhs why are you not seeing this ? 
  the elite who have ignored lower/working class for the better part of a decade are to blame, 
  ` failure ', 
  it 's a hard sell when you have celebrities like lily allen calling you a xenophobe from her 97 % white neighborhood for having concerns about immigration . 
  would vote leave every day for the rest of eternity if i could . 
  except they are not facts are they stefan . 
  stay mad mate . 
  the clue is in the partys name, 
  because i feel ukip has done its job and and i do n't want labour in charge . 
  agree . 
  spain please go, 
  i voted ukip and i 'll switch to tories if it was headed by the eurosceptic faction . 
  goodbye nicola , i wish i could say its been a pleasure . 
  and what other way was there ? 
  these are things i wanted to hear before the referendum , i heard nothing so voted leave . 
  no point in saving in this country lad , ca n't buy a house because of the 500k people we have coming in each year . 
  so fucking proud to be british right now, 
  so fucking glad . 
  playing the islamaphobe card on a national level . 
  `` asian '', 
  remain sinking to new lows to try and pin this on brexit . 
  utterly sickening . 
  yea man , crazy to want our democracy back . 
  no mate , you are the one who is exploring the death of an mother to push your own agenda . 
  not me . 
  his cause ? 
  this was a mentally unstable individual and his links to brexit are non existant . 
   this should serve as a reminder to all what sort of people support islam . 
  surely they must ask themselves by now if they are the baddies ?!, 
  no mate , you are the baddie . 
  fuck right off . 
  so you are condeming everyone who supports brexit ? 
  i guess you are okay with condemning all muslims for the orlando attacks then yes ? 
  i 'm sorry , how is this a ` brexit terrorist attack ' ? 
  was this done in the name of leaving the eu ? 
  calling 51 % of the country xenophobes i see , well played . 
  when are you leaving again ? 
  yea theres nothing wrong with turkey , nothing what so ever . 
  and what about in say 20 years time ? 
  staying in the eu has real risks to the uk vote leave . 
  i want you to leave as well . 
  please vote leave . 
  fun fact : we 've already seen the eu try and bully countries who dared oppose them vote leave . 
  looks like they may get their wish judging by recent polls . 
  people are n't going from the uk to hungary in the numbers that we experience . 
  we also used to burn witches , do you think we will go back to those times ? 
  we rejected a single form ( av ) not all electortal reform . 
  i 'm sure it would . 
  i myself would reconsider my position . 
  i 'm sure they will . 
  the point is numbers , our infrastructure can not keep up with such large numbers coming in every year . 
  i 'll answer why i 'm voting leave a ) democracy - the eu system is undemocratic b ) eurozone/greece - i think the way that greece has been treated is absolutely disgusting , they are at like 25 % youth unemployment now ? 
  anyone who thinks that this wo n't affect the uk is lieing or misinformed c ) immigration - we ca n't control the numbers coming in from the eu . 
   the members of the commission are appointed by the heads of government ( elected in their own countries in various ways ) , subject to approval by the parliament ( elected directly ) . 
  would you rather that they were elected directly ? 
  if so , would you also rather that cabinet ministers and senior civil servants in the uk were elected directly ? 
  you vote for a party in a ge fully aware that members of that party will make up the cabinet the people will have no direct input on how an ec gets elected  about 37 % of british voters who turned up to vote elected the conservative government . 
  if there is a democratic deficit , it 's not on the eu side . 
  which is still more than any other party , does n't matter , i want fptp done away with next after we ditch the eu . 
  well i was n't addressing you i was addressing the person that addressed me but i 'm glad to hear that from you . 
   so what ?
