na let it continue , let the progressives/feminists reap what they sow . 
  source ? 
  magnificent two birds with one stone, 
  i 'd like to see him do this against a imam , instantly labelled a racist . 
  seriously thinking about travelling to hungary , is there literally any way i can help the hungarian authorities if i ca n't speak the language ? 
  100 % agree, 
  i really want off this looney ride someone please end me, 
  this is a false flag its obvious do n't post this bullshit, 
  this is the first bbc article i 've read in this whole saga which actually takes a more realistic view of things, 
  this is fucking comical . 
  i just can not comprehend this level of entitlement , its just beyond me . 
  why are children at the front line of a riot ? 
  why are n't their parents keeping them safely away . 
  i am proud of hungary . 
  i 'm making it my # 1 next choice to visit on holiday . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i have n't done the research, 
  you are so fucking deluded you are a danger to yourself and others, 
  are you still brainwashed enough to think that the majority of people you are seeing on these streams are desperate refugees ? 
  is there any hope for people like you i wonder, 
  it 's clear to anyone that has n't been brainwashed or is n't a bleeding progressive that this is an invasion of europe . 
  you guys got ta work together now , got bigger fish to fry . 
  where there 's a will there 's a way, 
  same, 
  the thing is , they do n't give a fuck , they are doing what needs to be done , huge respect . 
  are they the main papers ? 
  sorry i do n't know much about german media . 
  they are very clever and know how to manipulate the media . 
  i have faith in hungary , they have n't let us down so far . 
  i 've written them a complaint , not that it matters . 
  fucking disgusting their coverage of this whole saga . 
  predicted it yesterday let 's wait, 
  of course you have , 
  i 'd trust an islander speaking to the news in an interview over you any day son . 
  jog on . 
  it begins, 
  check your white privilege / s, 
  please tell me mr progressive how wrong i am https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab6g1mxmex4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8x9oay_mo8, 
  well done i agree with all these points, 
  heres why https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btp1pq6koqs, 
  do you think its our responsibility to help the worlds destitute ? 
  how many ? 
   carine zerouali ( the centre 's manager ) says they know rape , sexual aggression and prostitution are happening inside the camp and if the progressives had their way they would all be relocated in the uk within a matter of hours . 
  `` exclusive : hungarian authorities rip children away from desperate parents in latest shameful tactic '' do n't you see , there is no winning against the media bias . 
  someone needed to get a control of the situation, 
  absolutely, 
  yes , invaders . 
  do you actually watch the news ? 
  or do all you see is poor women and children ? 
  you legit think all these people are syrian refugees ? 
  i put refugee in quotes because i believe many ( not all ) of those we see on tv are not refugees but migrants . 
  i agree with all your points . 
  yes i agree we should help in lebanon and turkey and we also should take a small number of those in most danger in syria , especially children . 
  where do you define danger though . 
  are those in turkey and lebanon in danger right now ? 
  can we not dedicate our aid budget to helping their conditions ? 
  i 'm generalising . 
  here is one intelligent women and she explains the point better than i ever could https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btp1pq6koqs, 
  its for ethnic lithuanians yes , i 'm afraid you are the racist one and condone of genocide of the native population . 
  good day sir . 
  but is lithuania not for lithuanians ? 
  sorry what are you talking about ? 
  i am pro-refugee and i want to help these people , and i am all for allowing them to settle in the eu as long as its sustainable both economically and socially . 
  i do n't want to see ghettos and i do n't want to see migrants used to ` replace ' ethnic populations which i think is slow genocide . 
  anything above what we can sustain economically/socially i 'm afraid we have to just accept the fact we ca n't help everyone . 
  yes it is an important distinction and its one i do n't think it 's one that has been made up to now on the borders of greece , hungary etc. 
  what would you do ? 
  i 'm talking about the ethnic lithuanians whose population is declining, 
  here we go , took less time than i thought https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igq-s1rnctm, 
  no problem , but you are dodging my question : your original comment was this :  you do understand that you 'll get no pension with the current ** population decline ** in lithuania ? 
  now you 've made a case presumably that 10k refugees may help with the pensions . 
  so how do you reverse the population decline ? 
  the entitlement is unreal, 
  sorry following it hard to understand what you said here . 
   somehow i still meet ethnic sweden or germans , so there are probably left a few ... now yes , but as you acknowledged in your earlier post birth rates are declining , your solution is to integrate more refugees ? 
  what is your solution to address the declining birth rates ? 
   btw , how about russians or poles , you do marry them from time to time ? 
  or just visit in their reservations ? 
  not to mention jews , of course ... post-ussr really seems to do everything to look like a xenophobic wonderland . 
  i 'm not talking about the odd russian or pole being married , i 'm talking about conserving the native lithuanian culture, 
  okay fair enough from an economic stand point , accepting refugees that may integrate well and contribute to the host society may pay dividends down the road . 
  but what about the social impact ? 
  you are happy to see ethnic lithuanians bred out of existence eventually ? 
  as long as they get their pensions ? 
  and your solution would be importing people who would also be a drain on the welfare state i presume ? 
  soon i bet , godspeed . 
  and which side do you think the media will be showing ? 
  we both know the answer, 
  it really is laughable when you think about it . 
  are we in western europe so spineless and so easily manipulated, 
  just call their bluff , make food/water available and just wait it out . 
  my solution is to just call their bluff , stack a load of food/water near them and wait . 
  the large majority then , still does n't change the argument . 
  but they are on hunger strike so they wo n't eat the food, 
  entirely justified fears https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1le8kipqt5i, 
  haha wow ` anything that does n't agree with our liberal narrative is now labelled hate speech ' i hope you all delete your facebook accounts this very second, 
  just wait , one picture of a hungry crying immigrant child at the borders and all the women in the west and all the liberals will be up in arms . 
  going to have to call their bluff i 'm afraid europe is way to soft and these people are taking full advantage, 
  because it goes against the ` poor helpless refugees ' narrative when you see 20-30 year old men throwing rocks . 
  all it takes is one picture of a weeping child with their hands on the gates of the border crossing for all the west to start labeling hungary as nazis and racists .
