this guy is in the raf , so he 's probably reasonably well-educated . 
  i shall be writing to my local mp . 
   gosh more southern than the isle of wight . 
  it 's insane for the rest of the country , but london is a strange place . 
  read his other comments , he 's a troll . 
  the only land border we need to protect is the one with turkey , which is ~ 350 km . 
  by far the biggest problem is patrolling the aegean and mediterranean . 
  there is no need to let them drown . 
  rescue them all , then drop them off in the country they came from . 
  how the times have changed . 
  cold dark winters , good education , good internet . 
  that 's not switzerland ... 
   as a conscript , i scored well in firing and fitness training . 
  the following year , as autumn approached , they started to pull together contract soldiers from all the battalions in our sector sounds like he may have voluntarily joined as a contract soldier after being conscripted . 
  edit : definitely seems that way :  on 27 november last year my time as a conscript expired . 
  actually it 's still scotland 's national animal . 
  yes but that 's the joke he was making . 
  he should do something like [ this ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03212/banksy_west_bank_a_3212592c.jpg ) so they know just what they 're missing . 
  basically the reasoning is `` it 's ours dammit '' . 
  same reason the uk holds onto the falklands and wales . 
  alcohol is haram . 
  seems to be [ this ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/counter-extremism-bill-national-security-council-meeting ) one that the article is discussing . 
  `` we must say to our citizens : this is what defines us as a society . 
  to belong here is to believe in these things . 
  and it means confronting head-on the poisonous islamist extremist ideology . 
  whether they are violent in their means or not , we must make it impossible for the extremists to succeed . '', 
  - the rt hon david cameron mp `` united by our values and the basic principles of our society we are determined to defeat extremism in all its forms . '', 
  - the rt hon theresa may mp the new legislation is expected to include : * introducing banning orders for extremist organisations who seek to undermine democracy or use hate speech in public places , but fall short of proscription * new extremism disruption orders to restrict people who seek to radicalise young people * powers to close premises where extremists seek to influence others * strengthening the powers of the charity commission to root out charities who misappropriate funds towards extremism and terrorism * further immigration restrictions on extremists * a strengthened role for ofcom to take action against channels which broadcast extremist content, 
  15 % of their population are first-generation immigrants , mostly russians . 
  the syrian upper class was very similar to europe . 
  much like most of the islamic world apart from arabia was until the 70s . 
  we 're goin ' on a crusade . 
  nice try , putin . 
  i 'd be fucking angry if the uk did n't get involved . 
  we support an invasion of iraq on fabricated intel , then a sovereign nation in a military alliance with us is attacked and we sit on our hands and do nothing ? 
  she also said germany could take everyone ... 
  the unnamed muslim man was the one who moved back to sweden . 
  i 've heard others say the same . 
  in times of crisis , people do tend to shift to the right . 
  if you had a choice between joining an under-equipped , poorly trained military to fight jihadists in the desert or fleeing to the promised land , which would you choose ? 
  that 's where it stops in the uk as well . 
  god bless the wooden wall, 
  the first french republic led to napoleon 's empire , but they were very different things . 
  it was a customs union . 
  it was nothing like the eu . 
  we 've got 50 years of peace post-ww2 without the eu , and a currency union will not be considered by a government when deciding to declare war . 
  you really think it 's the euro of all things that 's preventing wars ? 
  if spain uses military force , nearly every country in the world will recognise catalonia . 
  yeah ok , but why are you so angry ? 
  why are you so angry ? 
  i like the way you captured the way british people somehow manage to keep their original accent when speaking a foreign language . 
  ehh ... have you been there ? 
  yes it 's empty but it 's either mountain or desert . 
  true . 
  still , a few islands with a tiny population ( and deutsch-neuguinea ) is n't even close to what britain , france , or even the 3rd-era portuguese empire had . 
  yeah , just ask belgium !, 
  there are n't any . 
  you want to set them to work digging holes and filling them back in ? 
  germans are not very funny . 
  he continued with the war despite a ~ 1-million strong ( estimates range from 750,000 ( police ) to 3 million ( organisers ) ) protest march . 
  i do n't understand how you can claim to have a democratic mandate after ignoring something so huge . 
  he should at least have held a referendum at the earliest possible date . 
  when will it be over ? 
  certainly not in the next 5 years . 
  and by the time it 's over , they 'll all have jobs or german ( `` german '' ) husbands/wives and children who go to german schools and do n't speak arabic ( or so the parents will claim ) . 
  2 small african states , does n't really compare to the other empires . 
  4 million of 390 million is a lot ? 
  ... and then the swedes marched in and took it anyway . 
  i believe that 's called a calzone . 
  they eventually lost the napoleonic wars though , then the franco-prussian war , then did n't do great in ww1 , then got rolled over in ww2 , then lost the indochina wars and the battle of algeria ... france just has n't won anything big since austerlitz . 
  you typed a lot of words that definitely exist , but when you put them all together they do n't mean anything . 
  the left tends to have a higher tolerance for undemocratic voices in western europe . 
  we never experienced communism , and the worst parts of the ussr is sort of brushed over because it 's still pretty hazy as to what they actually did . 
  whereas an undemocratic voice in a right wing party conjures up images of the n\u00fcrnburg rallies and tanks rolling down the champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es , and party damage control immediately jumps on them . 
  if b , then a. 
  pope is catholic etc, 
  personally , i prefer black people getting regular jobs to dealing drugs and murdering people . 
  does n't mean that i think all black people are criminals . 
  that is not a good idea . 
  yeah , it 's disgraceful that europe ca n't just suck it up and play in 45-degree heat on pitches watered with the blood of slaves . 
  if eu4 has taught me anything , it 's that we need corfu to trap the english troops . 
  the world is n't that big . 
  the uk is friends with everyone it needs to be friends with . 
  [ 2015 spain . 
  ] ( http://traditionscustoms.com/sites/default/files/cartagena_semana_santa.jpg ), 
  unless they seriously reform their military , it would be very difficult for them to get their troops there in the first place . 
  they say that spain gave it to them , despite the fact that gb had n't renounced their claim when the spanish settled there , and that spain had no claim at all on the east island . 
  one of the core tenets of islam is that the quran is the literal word of allah and is infallible . 
  creation is in the quran , therefore evolution is incorrect . 
  there really is no way to reconcile the two while remaining a ` true muslim ' . 
  it also leads to a less productive population needing better healthcare , which is really fucking japan right now . 
  libya is now a failed state . 
  their coastguard might as well be pirates . 
  they do n't count . 
  the vatican especially does n't count . 
  belarus is a proper country , with a population and everything . 
   i know the human being and the fish can coexist peacefully \\ - george w. bush, 
  somebody stole orkney , the shetlands and the faroes . 
  the bit of turkey in europe seems to have declared independence as well . 
   ethnic swedes,
