  local youths attacking police cars is a massive problem in and of itself . 
  some poor sikh will get beaten up by some thugs who were just looking for an excuse . 
  time for another exciting episode of `` spot the german '' !, 
  a lot of shakespeare 's plays are based in italy . 
  does n't ( necessarily ) make them italian . 
  indeed . 
  a serbian film 2 : kebab boogaloo . 
  https://www.gov.uk/marriages-civil-partnerships  you need permission from your parents or guardians if you 're under 18 in england , wales and northern ireland . 
  i guess you do n't need permission in scotland though . 
  must have been a glitch in the matrix . 
  i guess they need some time to process the results and decide what to do . 
  16 with the consent of parents , 18 without . 
  because over 90 % of them were pakistani muslims , despite only 1.02 % ( !!!! ), 
  of rotherham 's population being pakistani . 
  i think you mean niqab , not hijab . 
  what do you want the news to say ? 
  `` war in ukraine ongoing , no changes '' . 
  `` separatists in ukraine still there '' no news is n't news . 
  could they build one in the 5 minutes warning before the country is turned into glass ? 
  [ even liberia has nothing on milwaukee . 
  ] ( https://localtvwiti.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/milwaukee-flag2.jpg ), 
  they were an accomplishment of the left when they were introduced . 
  these days , those are centrist policies . 
  shh , the grown-ups are talking . 
  as a native english speaker , i understood his intended meaning immediately . 
  per capita , as it says right at the top of the graph . 
  what year is the game at/what nations have been claimed/what 's the general state of the world ? 
  sounds like a job for the [ danes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_protest_pig ), 
  they just need a small loan of a trillion dollars . 
  stay alive for a precious extra nanosecond . 
  putin killed a bear with his bare hands . 
  if they want to deport 80,000 in a year , they need to deport 200 a day . 
  presumably , picked either the euro ** or ** an end to austerity . 
  crucifying teenagers for criticising the regime is pretty bad in my book . 
  but you 're talking to ethiopia . 
  we 're giving money to the saudis , who are just as bad . 
  if anything , lifting the sanctions is the moral thing to do , as it means we are paying them less money . 
   partly due to their failure to claim benefits, 
  immigration without assimilation creates an `` us vs them '' mentality within the immigrant community . 
  this results in tension between the two groups , and makes young , second-generation immigrants struggling to find an identity a prime target for radicalisation . 
  this is greatly reduced or eliminated when the values of the immigrants are similar to the native population . 
  it is similarly exacerbated when the immigrants ' values are antithetical to those of the natives . 
  the best solution would be to find a reasonably-sized uninhabited greek island ( or possibly lease one from turkey ) , and house asylum seekers there until they can be processed , and have a joint eu naval force patrol the aegean . 
  but we all know that 's never going to happen . 
  reposting his comment as he deleted it :  [ -- ] wow-fantasticbaby [ score hidden ] 15 minutes ago   precisely . 
  they are rescuing people at sea , shipping them to the mainland and handing them temporary visas [ 1 ] so they can travel freely to other schengen countries , while at the same time asking for a broader european engagement in their operation in the form of financial contribution . 
   threatens . 
  learn to read . 
  oh can you also tell me how these people reach sweden ? 
  they must have passed through germany but of course you say nothing about germany . 
  it 's all italy 's fault , as always . 
    this government is trying to fix this issue ? 
  my ass !, 
  sounds more like blackmail from a corrupt establishment with a distinct tint scare tactics . 
   we tried to fix this shit 4 years ago , but the germs , swedistan and francestan boycotted us . 
  why do we have to work for them ? 
  it 's their fucking fault , now you pay the consequences . 
  karma is a bitch . 
    the fact that most italians are oblivious to how fucked their political culture is , and how it is regarded by others within the eu is really sad . 
  if orban 's hungary was to ask tomorrow for help policing their borders , half a dozen eu countries including germany would send it directly in the form of financial/material aid . 
  can zou say much about the italian government ? 
  let that sink in for a second ...  we are sooo fucked up . 
  who is inviting everyone in europe ? 
  who bombed lybia ? 
  must be italy . 
  it 's always italy 's fault . 
   as been said above , italy paid and is paying a ton of money , but of course your anti italian propaganda machine never stops . 
   and lmfao @ you calling italy `` corrupt '' . 
  it 's as corrupt as any other country . 
   keep your propaganda up . 
  you are creating a new enemy . 
  good luck . 
  or rescuing them and dumping them on the coast of where they sailed from . 
  probably means 16 million ethnic romanians . 
  the rest of romanias population is hungarians/roma etc. 
  pls no, 
  islamic extremism is not prevalent or concentrated enough in british prisons for that to be a problem . 
  it was more a prison in us prisons in iraq where 90 % of the prisoners were islamists . 
  beating france , all is well . 
  kingdom of naples/kingdom of the two sicilies ( including calabria ) was completely separate from the rest of italy for most of its history , often belonging to spain . 
  it used to run everything in southern italy ( my grandparents went there on their honeymoon in ~ 1950 and had to talk to the mafia just to get a taxi ) . 
  austerity really does work in greece !, 
  we 've been allies for ~ 800 years , i think we could be roommates . 
  [ uh ... ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/sites/atlantico.fr/files/u70462/2014/12/capture.jpg ), 
  that 's really all the countries aligned against the jihadists in syria are . 
  in this case your relatives are violent criminals though , and the man is part of a legal vigilante group . 
  in their doomsday prophecy , they will win a great battle against the army of rome . 
  we should give them that battle , and when we beat them , they will lose a lot of credibility and support . 
  there are no european countries in which homosexuality is criminal . 
  not even russia . 
  less functional than greece , whose government is backing a general strike against themselves ? 
  romania is more interested in claiming it than italy though . 
  you could also make an argument for austria , or turkey , or even russia to be the successor to the empire . 
  brian blessed . 
  none , they 'll be picked up by merkel personally in her speedboat that she bought with british taxes , then given rooms in buckingham palace . 
  i 'd assume they 're a little more uncomfortable by not being invited at all . 
  because 65 % is so much lower ? 
  billy ... have you ever been in a turkish prison ? 
  normandy reunited .
