  you should have used e.g. 
  there , not i.e. 
  means `` for example '' , i.e. 
  means `` that is '' . 
  we am who we be , and past is heavy weight . 
  maybe they all am right . 
  maybe polan will never into space . 
  but maybe , just maybe ... space can come just little bit closer to poland !, 
  well , it 's great britain as in `` larger than brittany '' . 
  because gypsies are n't the second-largest nationality anywhere . 
  we thought they scrapped their burglar mascot , but it seems he was actually promoted . 
  jews are ethnically related , and semite is as good a way as any to refer to that ethnic group . 
  it 's a reasonable assumption when he was born in a nation that has a name starting with ` islamic republic ' . 
  please , show me any video comment section that is n't pure cancer . 
  the original statement is trying to distance turkey from the crimes of the ottomans . 
  if they were truly a new country , opposed to the ottomans , they would go down the same route as the ussr . 
  there 's the people you described , then there 's nambla . 
  google it yourself , i do n't want that shit in my browser history . 
  still , he did not `` grow up as a christian '' . 
  the line between religion and culture is very often blurred . 
  that applies everywhere in the world , for all religions . 
  the ussr did not deny the crimes of tsarist russia , however . 
  in fact , it tried to draw attention to them . 
  he was jewish until he was 12 . 
  they could 've been encircled and destroyed in the ruhr , and completely conquered in 4 days , with much lower german losses . 
  crossing the rhine is not easy , crossing the rhine while being chased by the fastest army the world had ever seen is extremely not easy . 
  if the bef had been destroyed , britain may even have been forced to accept peace . 
  i 'd argue that any nation 's ruling class that does not push their own interests and profit , should not be ruling . 
  that was political maneuvering by the venetians , not religious . 
  the pope excommunicated the entire army . 
  you 're accusing a government of thoughtcrime . 
  i accept the fact that islam is a toxic and backwards religion . 
  i was arguing that simply being a muslim does not make you an affiliate of the 9/11 attackers . 
  are all muslims terrorists ? 
  a czech calling themself eastern european ? 
  then split them again by aryan , slavic , arab , turkic ... 
  i 'm from the same country as ian watkins , am i a paedophile affiliate ? 
  that actually makes it very difficult , like learning chinese . 
  if you put the wrong inflection on your bork you end up making no sense at all . 
  they may have removed the image . 
  i do n't see any picture of muslims praying in the article . 
  if you make demands you get accused of being a neo-colonialist . 
  if only someone could come up with some sort of solution to these jews . 
  i 'm sick of it too . 
  june 23rd ca n't come fast enough . 
  what if someone attacks you with a pointed stick ? 
  isis are not insurgents , they are ( or are trying to be ) an army . 
  suck it , france . 
  `` pope probably catholic ; bears presumed to shit in woods . '', 
   radical wine producers sign me the fuck up . 
  since 1648 . 
  hardly `` new '' . 
  low effort tbh, 
  actually , isis has about 20 fighter jets . 
  they only lack pilots . 
  then i 'm going to demonise the people on the other side of the political spectrum for doing exactly the same thing !, 
  when you get in a car , you accept that there is an inherent risk . 
  the people who died in the brussels attacks did not `` sign up '' to being attacked by muslim terrorists . 
  some of the paris attackers were posing as refugees . 
  sigismund was german though . 
  the uk does have a defense agreement with ireland , although if ireland is being attacked , the uk has probably already been invaded . 
  it 's the kind of thing north korea does do . 
  if you commit a crime , you are punished , and your children , and your childrens children . 
  [ the piranha brothers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbl3xb-phe8 ), 
   cutting the liberties and freedoms of millions of people is exactly what the terrorists want that 's just plain wrong . 
  more than 20 people died today . 
  last year , in november , 130 people died in paris . 
  the day a monarch vetoes a government is the day that they stop being a monarch . 
  if more people have a need for it , it will stabilise . 
  so what 's your solution ? 
  stick your head in the sand and watch more train stations explode , because you 're scared of what might happen if action is taken ? 
  not quite sure what the whites in this situation are being blamed for , but ok buddy . 
  since you deleted your earlier comment , i 'll copy paste my reply to that :  i 'd define a muslim as someone who claims to be muslim , at least makes an effort to follow the five pillars , and believes in the six articles of belief . 
  it really is a term with a very simple definition . 
  of course i am aware that most of the ground fighting is being done by other muslims . 
  however given the massive split between sunnis and shi'as , there 's really not much point in considering them the same religion ( we 're not discussing theology here ) . 
  the sunnis fighting isis are either kurds fighting for their own state , having seen an opportunity after the collapse of the syrian government ( not that there 's anything wrong with that ) , assad 's loyalist troops ( half of which deserted , with one half of the deserters going to the fsa and the other half either fleeing the country or joining the islamists ) , and the free syrian army , which has n't even existed since 2014 ( [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-rebels-iduskcn0ix11i20141113 ) ) . 
  the kurds are n't fighting to stop islamism , they are fighting for themselves . 
  the fsa * were * fighting for democracy . 
  the syrian army is fighting to keep the country in one piece . 
  islamism just happens to be a common enemy - because the islamists will pick fights with anyone who does n't agree with them . 
  my comment was not meant to tar all muslims with the same brush , but islam is the problem here , not poverty or racism . 
  as for that article : for a start , it conflates atheists with anyone holding critical ideas about islam ( i 'm sure isis would agree ) . 
  the poll it cites seems to be [ this one ] ( http://www.wingia.com/web/files/news/14/file/14.pdf ) , and , indeed it does seem that 5 % of saudis are `` convinced atheists '' ... along with 0 % of afghans , 0 % of tunisians , 0 % of iraqis , and 2 % of pakistanis . 
  odd how the article does n't mention that . 
  not to mention that 5 % is still a tiny number of people . 
  it then misrepresents being `` not a religious person '' with `` expressing religious doubt '' . 
  then , it insults the reader 's intelligence by telling them that some figures included in the average are higher than average ( you do n't say ) . 
  it then talks about al husseini and the awful treatment of open atheists in arab countries , which i totally agree with . 
  after that , it seems to totally contradict its own conclusions by mentioning the post-colonial period of arab nationalism and corresponding lack of islamic piety . 
  that period certainly brought its own problems ( arab-israeli wars aplenty ) , but it was certainly better than what we have today . 
  in its concluding paragraph , it states that `` more arabs are turning their back on religion '' with absolutely no evidence . 
  this comes after stating that `` if the state preserved and protected the rights of minorities , the numbers of those who reveal they 're atheists would increase tenfold '' . 
  care to hazard a guess at the trend for the severity of punishments handed out to atheists ? 
  just a few jackasses like the ones setting off bombs today , or the ones in paris a few months ago . 
  no terrorist sympathies here , no sir . 
  he has to repent once for each organ . 
  [ sure !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_romania ), 
  so it 's just a coincidence that they 're all muslim ?
