  we 're more into the u-boot thing than carrier . 
  but our military at the moment is basically only good to create new memes . 
  no , being proud only results in stupid decissions . 
  look at ukraine , that 's how the wars of the future will be done . 
   the weakening of france compared to germany is bad news . 
  france and germany are supposed to balance each others as two biggest powers of the eurozone ( as the uk does n't want to get involved ) . 
  this is no longer the case . 
  tbh , i think this is an exception . 
  it seems like basically all of eastern and north europe was standing behind germany 's back , and in the end it seems like france suceeded with the third bailout . 
  afaik , in greece people would be forced to accept them by law . 
  in the rest of the world , it would be worthless toilet paper . 
  at least they wo n't call us nazis ... 
  same happens in germany , and we 're sueing each other because of it ... 
  pls explain, 
  the closest we have to such a peace was after the vienna congress when europe basically was partitioned to be stable . 
  it kinda changed with the industrialization and prussia overwhelming austria . 
  you could argue that we now see something similar with the reunification of germany and it overwhelming the rest of the eu . 
  but i 'm not sure if that is n't too strongly looking for similarities ... 
   well that is 50 years before ww1 and it resulted in hardly any deaths . 
  when one says decades before , it just 2 3 or possibly 4 decades before . 
  not 50 years before ... that was because after the franco-german war , bismark basically allied germany with italy , austria , britain and russia against france . 
  the whole coalition later broke apart which resulted in wwi . 
  also something something balkan , bulgaria and serbia . 
  we will force them to anschluss us !, 
  yeah , from baden-w\u00fcrtemberg and hessen , who never got any money themself . 
  also bavaria paid back more than they recieved . 
  you really want to proceed to constantly pay for these parasites north of the wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator ? 
  [ fuck it , we will join switzerland !, 
  the allies have killed our patriotism and nationalism . 
  70 years of being called nazis at every mistake have desensitized us . 
  insults to our country do n't hit us anymore . 
  they already get yearly tons of subsidies by the eu . 
  `` please drink verification can . '', 
  well , or earlier if tsirpas loses the support . 
  typical pole , always so egoistical . 
  sometimes small sacrifices have to be made for the benefit of many . 
  we did n't even want the euro and got forced into it : ^ ), 
  does n't that just mean that 109 % went into the greek economy ? 
  100 % from the loans they took years before and 9 % from the bailout ? 
  ^ ( that 's probably not how percentage works . ), 
  he 's talking about the balts . 
  we also lost a pretty huge amount of population to that war . 
  [ ( percentage of population lost ) ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/bev%c3%b6lkerkungsr%c3%bcckgang_im_hrrdn_nach_dem_drei%c3%9figj%c3%a4hrigen_krieg.png ), 
  i remember when the euro was fresh it was always very exciting to see foreign coins and trying to guess where they 're from . 
  now it kinda has become so common , that it does n't even feel like they 're `` foreign '' . 
  did n't you guys also used the d-mark before the euro ? 
  could have been done in ' 52 , though . 
  it was probably a reference to [ the london agreement . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_agreement_on_german_external_debts ), 
  question , which newspaper is n't `` bildzeitung for xxx '' ? 
  pretty much every newspaper gets that title in some way ... 
  could it be possible for syriza to govern with the help of the pro-austerity opposition ? 
   i think germans have become immune to most of it because except for a tiny number , germans no longer identify themselves as having anything to do with nazi germany . 
  this reminds me of a girl in late school at thought hitler started both world wars . 
  basically , tried to make germany into a police state when he was minister of interior . 
  hmm , i honestly do n't know how i made that connection . 
  kinda tired . 
  i heard their shipbuilding industry basically disapeared once they joined the euro or something like that . 
  they can try to apply again in 10 years once they have fixed their state . 
  at the moment they 're obviously not ready for the euro . 
  the problem is , greece is an import nation . 
  the cost of products wo n't go down , because it production cost does n't go down . 
  they even have to import food . 
  i think the only thing that greece produces is olive oil . 
  it would be interesting to see if these prices went down . 
  i myself would prefer dogecoin . 
  you should bet in euros , because the drachma will be instantly worthless . 
  the also call great britain england . 
  and lithuania is called prussia oriental ... 
  this is also what i heard from some early supporters of the party . 
  ca n't you brits like write in your dialekt ? 
  greece so poor , ca n't even afford modern weapons . 
   a christian party is ruling and in several state ( e.g. 
  bavaria ) constitutions even mention the christian god . 
  luckily , gay marriage is also against the german constitution, 
  we could also have went for the austrian solution and be neutral with a unification 40 years earlier . 
  to be fair , it just the symbol of the parlament . 
  the `` real eagle '' is [ this ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei:coat_of_arms_of_germany.svg ), 
  i prefer having useful stuff instead of military parades . 
  it 's nickname is `` fette henne '' ( fat hen ), 
   german military already suffers from a lack of funds and equipment . 
  no , the german military is not a real military anymore . 
  after 1945 we basically had no reason to even keep a single soldier except for show . 
  if the soviets invaded , germany would have fallen in one week , and then get nuked by nato , or get nuked by the soviets first and then invaded . 
  our military was never created to fight . 
  it 's main assignment was : creating a cheep workforce ( zivildienst ) or `` brainwashing the population '' ( b\u00fcrger in uniform ) also our military has no lack of funds , it 's just absolutely incompetent . 
  some weeks ago our marine was aiming for a drone , but nearly hit some south african fisher boat . 
  our machine guns shoot like 50cm to the side on 100m after around 100 bullets . 
  our airforce/marine brought some marine helicopters which they are n't allowed to use because they are n't created for the latitude in germany . 
  the bundeswehr is just absolutely incompetent and it 's hilarious . 
   poland , switzerland and greece have currently more leo ii tanks than germany , which is crazy and sad . 
  not crazy , they are the buffer zone now , not us : ^ ), 
  nah , if russia invades , just let france and britain nuke poland and the baltics . 
  that will make sure that russia wo n't do anything , because it wo n't get anything out of it . 
  also , by nuking poland and the baltics , we are using nukes just defensively , which gives them no reason to nuke us in return . 
  there you go , ww3 prevented and peace established again . 
  maybe he just found it was a pretty good depiction of him ? 
  switzerland is paranoid as fuck . 
  they bunker enough ammunition in their mountains to be able to fire constantly for 8 years and their bridges come inbuilt with explosive ... 
  the afd went far right long time ago .
