  the original liberal core left the party and founded alfa ... 
  it 's not only one source , but they basically get bombarded with these rumours from different sources . 
  part of it is also that putin already has amassed benefits for him self . 
  a new president would firstly have to do the same before he would govern . 
  basically , never touching a running system ... 
  what about hessen , hambuurg ( both geberl\u00e4nder ) and nrw ? 
  you 're making the mistake to think that all germans speak the same accent/dialect . 
  we 're not , and every single dialect speaker thinks that the other dialect sounds backwards and silly . 
  we 're already have the same thing happen for years with clubs . 
  it 's common policy to not let in brown people because they cause problems . 
   agreed , coast guard should fish them after sinking the boat , and drop them back into turkey . 
  we 're in inconclusive space , though i would n't want to argue the `` sink the boats '' case in a german court . 
  i agree , but afaik it 's mostly used after a new mass drowning was published . 
  in the comment section of that article or something like that . 
  about the last part , i can see benefits in anti-hate speech laws . 
  you do n't want a mob riot ... about policing border violations : i 'm honestly pretty disappointed that the eu ca n't even agree on something as common sense as working together to keep the eu 's border safe . 
  this should 've happened with schengen , basically from the beginning or as soon as there was no fair border control distribution between the members . 
  and it 's also ridiculous that the biggest economy ca n't even convince shitty third world countries into accepting their people back . 
  instead they prefer to destroy the achievements of the last 70 years ... 
  not sure that the example is fitting : if they sink them , then they have to fish them out again . 
  if they do n't fish them out , they 're letting them drown . 
  if they let them drown by actively not helping , that probably could even be considered murder ( what does greek law say about this ? ) . 
  there is nothing wrong with sinking and fishing them out again . 
  i assume it would depend how people would formulate their support . 
  again something like `` the guards did the right thing , 20 less to feed '' would definitely cause problems . 
  something like finding excuses why the guards let them drown would probably be fine . 
  because it basically means that you want to drown them . 
  using force at the boarder does n't mean that the only aim is to harm them . 
  it would be perfectly legal to say : `` catch the boats and set them out in north africa again . 
  ( destroy the boats afterwards . ), 
  '' in fact , that 's what people usually say that want to use the australian way of handling the boat people . 
  you could argue about stopping immigration from muslim countries first . 
  after that encourage emmigration . 
  the less there are , the weaker position of them would become . 
  the rest would go into the direction of encouraging the ones that want to stay distancing them from islam . 
  yeah , that 's not fully kicking out all , but it would be something that has a similar effect , without physical violence . 
  well , i assume that using force against someone trying force yourself into the country is legitimate . 
  that would be the way i would try to argue if i want to stay in hate speech free . 
  left : left of the middle , not left-extreme . 
  whom : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zyaiw/germany_springs_to_action_over_hate_speech/cyqlbzd, 
  generally hate speech laws means stuff like `` gas the kikes '' , `` sink the boats '' , `` 6 million more '' , `` rape women '' and so on . 
  calling for action against , you probably could argue that all muslims should be kicked out of germany without danger , but the people that post stuff like that are usually infuriated and do n't care about formulating properly . 
  cdu is considered a left party at the moment . 
  bild is a tableoid . 
  heavy sensationalist headlines , twisting context ( if not part fiction ) and with no ethics ( wo n't censor names and faces of victims and stuff like that ) . 
  the bundeswehr is in an horrible state , right now . 
  our main battle rifle has been declared unfit for military use , our jets ca n't fly and our navy is shooting at south african fisher boats and missing . 
   that we 're only sending stuff nobody can use so we basically send the best weapon available to the bundeswehr ? 
  yeah , who 's even awake at that time ? 
  [ actually , unlike all the parasites in their region , they barely manage to do it . 
  money  ukraine . 
  good relations with russia  ukraine . 
  cheap gas and resources  ukraine . 
  to add to this , the whole thing completely destroys every possibility of russia liberalising and getting back on the road to eu in the next 25 years ... 
  yes , and it 's retarded . 
  it 's naive when people think progress is a one way street with a definite goal . 
  but do n't worry , you will grow out of it , too . 
  and if i would care about karma , i would circlejerk with you . 
  edit : also , it 's funny when you talk about downvotes and instantly downvote yourself , 
  i do n't know man , i checked with the european court for human rights and they seem to agree with me . 
  luckily , gay marriage is not a human right . 
  if you do n't agree with the european convention on human rights , you may want to move to the us , that seems to be your continent ... 
  `` agitationposts '' . 
  they had some president that died in office while getting a blowjob from a prostitute . 
  i do n't think anyone can compete with that ... also that girl that kicked you brits out of france . 
  if we 're talking about stuff like marriage and adoption , then not really . 
  if we 're talking about something basic like sodomy , then yes . 
   in english hopefully not . 
  each candidate should speak in his own language and it should be translated . 
  we 're not fucking america . 
  lol , the soviets offered the allies a neutral austria , which they accepted . 
  stalin also offered the germans the same deal , and adenauer said that he prefers germany to be aligned to the west . 
  nobody gave a fuck about poland due to how it acted before the war . 
  some important french diplomat/minister literally wished to see another polish partition before ww2 broke out . 
  the only ones who can actually claim a western betrayal were the czech , and poland happily helped backstabbing them ... 
   just remember , `` experts '' of this group used a boiling sausage and a red bull can as a model for a flying plane . 
  this is hilarious . 
  do you have a video ? 
  the problem is , we actually could use some cheap labour . 
  we still have a pretty big industrial sector . 
  but we 're not allowed to abuse this cheap work force . 
   you might as well have someone ` shouting ' over the same beat for the majority of them . 
  [ ehh ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8gxslt9bee ) [ ... whatever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeay1soixvq ), 
   we never received any help from the west and i do n't expect you to help us in the future . 
  lol , what are eu subventions ? 
  4 % of your gdp is eu money . 
  he wants good reasons and not `` baaaaw , muh emotions ! '' . 
  if you can only discuss with useless feelings , then maybe you should n't discuss at all . 
  as a narcissistic sociopath myself : you never know what the future may bring . 
  maybe erdogan goes crazy and invades your country in the next 10 years , then you will have to rely on the same things . 
  you kinda have a bigger/easier claim if your own people have helped in the past . 
  for germany : so the southern states do n't collapse and force us to pay even more money . 
  also if the laws can be changed right , they could be abused as a cheap workforce . 
  lots of the eu countries do n't even recognize them as a real country . 
  it will be kinda awkward if they want to join ... 
  the us is the idol of our politicians ( or well , the lobbist ), 
  they never cared about america spying on us in the first place . 
  the only outrage was about them spying on merkel ... 
  try ducking : '' ! g how do i bang google with duckduckgo '' in the 5 % where you actually need google that 's useful ... 
  why should it be surprising ?
