  as a tip , do n't bring root beer to germany . 
  many germans do n't like the taste of that stuff . 
  does n't the uk get 's like 2/3 of the money they pay back , due to old contracts ? 
  let 's just say `` welcome to the club '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cdu_donations_scandal_ ( 1999 ), 
  not really a serial , but [ bernd das brot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zu3to3kf7m ) is great . 
  could be a bit hard to understand as it 's references quite often to other channels ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=od4a9qqiqe0 also `` satire gipfel '' and `` extra 3 '' . 
  roughly translation : a survey said that 48 % of bw would like to join switzerland . 
  this survey was made after the svp changed the law to allow new states to join switzerland ... 
  are we really going to care about the opinions of the inhabitants of non-countries ? 
  :( you 're lucky you 're from the only baltic country that actually should exist . 
  you can talk shit on me if it makes you feel less butthurt about russia :3, 
  are you really this dense ? 
  it was a joke about the verfassungsschutz having high personal in the npd , transferred to the thematic of isis . 
  ... sigh , nevermind , just forget it , do n't think too much about something you 're naturally incapable of understanding ... 
  sigh ... this is why that stereotype exists ... http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-05/verfassungsschutz-npd-verbot i mistook the bnd for the verfassungsschutz , though . 
   but do n't you think the bnd is involved in these cases ? 
  they 're probably busy paying al-bagdadhi money so he says stuff to reveal the real terrorists ... 
   fight for another country we do n't accept the is as another country . 
  we are n't allowed to take away their citizenship if they 'll become stateless . 
  they 're allowed to enter germany as german citizenship . 
  the only solution i can see is , proof that they got terrorist training in syria and did n't just take a vacation in turkey and put them in jail . 
   `` they should have stayed a colony . '', 
  there are lots of regions that stayed as a colony . 
  see guyana , new caledonia , falklands , gibraltar etc. 
  they get subsidized and nobody `` abuses '' them and even protects them from abuse from other states . 
   `` germanization '' i put that in quotation marks . 
  but yeah , germanization or , less nationality specific , general assimilation is needed . 
  multiculti mostly causes problems and does n't work as it creates ghettos and no go zones ( see america , the home of multiculturalism ) . 
   `` they stopped being actual refugees '' refugees do n't move through six peaceful and stable countries , that would give them asyl , but they take the first country they can get . 
  if the truth is `` nazi propaganda '' , then well , i do n't know , maybe stop denying it to give up the position of truth to the far right , who is more comfortable using it . 
   `` not with my money '' well , what 's wrong with that ? 
  you 're free to give away your money to charity , but please do n't use our money for this . 
  i do n't use this money for my own pleasure , so please do n't try to use it for your pleasure . 
  it 's there to keep the state running and organizing stuff that 's better organized at a state level than on an individual or organisation level . 
  using it to make sure the refugees are actual refugees is fine . 
  using it to make sure refugees will survive the winter is fine . 
  using it to make sure the refugees do n't starve is fine . 
  using it to subsidize random african nations for free is not . 
   `` national treason '' okay , this one is actually from nazi-language . 
  but still , the representatives of the people should care about the people in their own state , and the state itself , firstly , then about everyone else . 
  in our case , there is also `` europe '' between us and everyone else , we should care about . 
  that 's just common sense . 
   it 's great how you can feel empathy for the imaginary refugees in this scenario , but not for the real ones . 
  because these would be actual refugees and not balcanoafrican benefit shoppers . 
  and even the syrians ( [ that only make up 20-25 % ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/fluechtlinge-faq-101.html ) ) , they have to go through 5 safe countries before they reach germany . 
  honestly , at that point there is no reason for us to accept them anymore , as they stopped being actual refugees , too . 
  also as your reading comprehension is lacking i 'm going to cite myself :  also i 'm not even against taking refugees , i have no huge problem with taking the syrians , it is unknown how long the civil war will rage there and after a while , you try to get a normal live , you try to give the children some education etc. 
  i have no problem with these coming , but i think , that the ones that actually want to emigrate completely to germany ( and not just stay till the civil war is over ) should be `` germanized '' instead of celebrating some `` multiculti ghettoization '' . 
  also i do n't trust the politician to do this whole thing properly . 
   `` oh , they 're independent states !, 
  we do n't care whether they violate human rights with the weapons we give them . 
  just fuck those people . 
  if they did n't want to get oppressed by their government , they should have just been born elsewhere . '', 
  the first sentence is true , fuck them . 
  if they want to be handled like children , they should have stayed a colony . 
  some of them fought european countries for independence , now they can have it . 
  if they ca n't handle independence that 's not our problem . 
  also they 're free to go full north korea and do n't trade with the west at all if they think we 're abusing them . 
  the second half is retarded . 
  no , if they did n't want to be get oppressed they should take down their government , like the tunisians or iranians did , or get a proper education and emigrate legally to a country that wants them and not trying to abuse the asylsystem and ruin it for people that actually need it . 
   we should make sure that that economic help actually reaches the people in need and does n't just disappear in a corrupt administration . 
   but no , we should n't stop it , why would we . 
  i 'd also like to point you at the fact that the biggest buyers of german weapons in the middle east are hardly poor and/or dependent on foreign aid . 
  so you want to just give away free money ? 
  international relationships are both , giving and taking . 
  if a country feels it gives more than it gets with a treaty , it 's free to annul this treaty . 
  if you just want to give , try charity . 
  international relationships are n't charity . 
  and states and politician are responsible for the people that live in the state and if they fuck over their own people that 's honestly national treason . 
  if you want to stroke your ego you 're free to do it with [ your own money ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=charity+for+third+world ) , but please do n't expect me to pay for you . 
  btw : i 'm sorry if i sound a bit aggressive , i 'm just not in the mood to sugarcoat opinions right now . 
   maybe we should to that . 
  or at least the people who are already so deeply concerned about living in the new caliphate . 
  maybe they should just kill themselves or simply emigrate before the beheadings start . 
  i 'd be very much on board with that . 
  you know , if you think , suicide is a good way out , you 're mentally ill , and should get help because you 're incapable of acting yourself and your opinion should n't matter at all till you 're healthy again ... ( i know it was a joke , but still , a suicidal opinion is not an opinion worth considering ) also the emigration thing is retarded , and was already retarded when ukrainian nazis cried that people of crimea should just emigrate to russia . 
  so what you demand is that the people that do n't agree with you should emigrate and create their own state on land where people already live and if the original population do n't want them , they should get the fuck out of the new peoples land ? 
  oh ... and if they do n't want to get out , maybe they should be put in camps ? 
  this is how we got millions of palestinian refugees . 
  simply retarded . 
  that 's ignoring also that this kind of mass migration we have right now is ruining legal migration as the far right is rising due to it . 
  ( see border control in schengen )  i 'm not saying that the weapon exports are causing them to specifically go here , but we definitely are responsible for the violence committed with the weapons exported . 
  why should we be ? 
  they 're independent states . 
  we only would be responsible if we actually invaded and occupied them like the us , uk and poland did in iraq in 2003 or are still bombing them . 
  but from just selling weapon we 've no responsibility , as they would always find ways to kill each other ( see north korea , rwanda or somalia ) . 
  question : if we stop selling them weapons , should we also stop giving them economic help ( ignore here please that we profit of it and just assume it would be real free money ) ? 
  or we could like just kill all ourselves and give them our land for free ? 
  but why should we hurt ourselves ? 
  also i 'm not even against taking refugees , but it 's retarded to think that there is a causation between weapon export and refugees going to the places where the weapons are produce . 
  if all fails they still will manage to kill each other , even if they have to use machetes or spears and then the refugees will still come to us . 
  so what , if the west stops selling weapon , they 're just going to get weapons from russia and we will still get all the refugees . 
  do you really think , refugees are going to choose the country they go , depending on the weapon they get shot at ? 
  or that they wo n't find an alternative ? 
  sorry , but that is just retarded ? 
  we will still get all the refugees ( potentially even more , if they start using weapons that are n't made to minimize collateral damage . ) . 
  that 's basically masochism , cutting your own balls off so some idiots feel good about themselves . 
  as hard as it sounds , the weapon exports are not our problem , the people coming here are . 
  you wrote prussia instead of austria up there . 
  in bavaria this is one of the cases where capital punishment is still served .
