  none taken , but this is something americans in general do n't quite understand about england , the monarchy have no power , none whatsoever . 
  they are symbolic heads of state , faces to print on money , nothing more . 
  the saying goes that tourists love our queen more than we do , most englishmen/women care little about the goings on of the royal family . 
  we 've had kings and queens since recorded history , we pride ourselves on our past ( except from the empire ) , we have ruins from before egypt had its first pharaoh , from thousands of years before the first bricks of rome were even laid . 
  england loves tradition and this is why the royal family are still around , i mean , we had a civil war to get rid of them , but somehow they came back . 
  the netherlands and denmark are monarchies and you never hear anything about them being un-egalitarian ( if such a phrase exists ) . 
  it is hugely overrated . 
  not awful , but taste-wise it has no subtlety . 
  much rather drink a pint of bishops finger , rutland panther or for european lager style stuff i like viru . 
  allies, 
  for once the us is more egalitarian than europe it seems !, 
  here if you were working class and went to university by a stroke of luck , you still would always be a second choice for many companies . 
  if there was anyone of higher birth available , even with worse qualifications , they would get the job . 
  that 's okay mate . 
  the rest of europe wo n't quite have the same class system as england because each and every country has a unique history , but here in england it is most certainly still a prevalent issue . 
  but brum is like the capital of the midlands !, 
  brum is a pretty cool city to be fair . 
  it has some cool culture and is a special city like london and manchester , but when you 're out in the backwaters like northampton , corby and whatnot , it is a bit of a different story haha, 
  there 's some lovely countryside , but all of the big cities are holes . 
  a bit late , but here in england i would say things are very varied , although you have to remember europe 's population is roughly 750 million compared to the us at 300 million . 
  in england we have the traditional stereotype of americans , but we also have texas as being even worse , california as being surfers and say `` dude ! '', 
  and i think new york is meant to be rude ? 
  as for our own stereotypes england contains hundreds of dialects . 
  seriously , the amount of dialects we cram into this small country is insane . 
  generally speaking england is split into : london - know nothing about the rest of the country , richer than the rest of the country , speak a mix of english and jamaican patois in the estates ( analogous to us projects ) . 
  speak cockney in very small concentrations . 
  south east - still richer than the rest of the country . 
  right wing with a few exceptions . 
  these people sport the classic english accent . 
  this contains essex , a cesspit of depravity which consumes about 2000 tonnes of fake tan every day . 
  south west - farmers . 
  they make very strong and great cider , which will probably make you blind due to high alcohol content . 
  they speak like pirates do in american films . 
  all `` oo arr '' although the accent is softer in bigger cities . 
  contains cornwall , where they have their own language : `` gans gorhemynadow a 'n gwella '' east anglia - inbred . 
  this place is very flat and has nearly no hills , so you can see the locals chasing you with pitchforks from quite a distance . 
  the accents do differ here , but generally they sound a little similar to the south west , but more up and down in inflection . 
  dialects contain quite a few dutch derived words due to proximity with the netherlands . 
  west midlands - contains many accents . 
  birthplace of the english curry . 
  birmingham is here . 
  huge diaspora from places like pakistan . 
  also , the black country is here , where people speak english which is closer to old english and german : `` ow bist ? '', 
  means `` how are you ? '', 
  the less said about stoke the better . 
  the west mids and east mids used to be joined in a powerful kingdom called mercia , but now they are both backwaters of england . 
  east midlands - `` alright me duck ? '', 
  the south of this area has accents which mix east midlands and west midlands dialects . 
  it has a very large indian population . 
  along with the west midlands this area had industry , coal in the northern parts and leather/iron/steel in the southern parts . 
  this area has dialects influenced by viking words . 
  generally speaking most people ignore this area . 
  north west - hoo boy . 
  where to start with these lot . 
  poorer than the south and a little poorer than the midlands . 
  big industrial cities dot the landscape . 
  people have a variety of accents , most of which are fucking awful . 
  scouser accent is probably the worst , which has a noise not found anywhere else in english . 
  the scouser letter k is pronounced the same way the dutch pronounce the letter g . a throaty `` hughh '' sound . 
  this area has manchester too , so think of how the gallaghers sound . 
  people here ( and in the rest of the north ) are renowned for being friendlier than the rest of the country . 
  great chips . 
  yorkshire - if you find someone from yorkshire , believe me they 'll tell you all about it . 
  people here speak a hell of a lot of different accents but south yorkshire is famous for having words like `` thee '' and `` thou '' still in use . 
  yorkshire has its own anthem and there is a separation movement . 
  many here hate the french for the harrying of the north , where when the french invaded they caused famines on purpose and slaughtered hundreds of thousands of civilians . 
  north east - this is the poorest part of england with the same average wage as malaysia . 
  everyone used to be coal miners but now everyone is unemployed . 
  people here speak with a sort of accent that most people from outside england find incomprehensible . 
  `` gann hyem '' means `` going home '' which is nearly exactly the same as norwegian . 
  yeah , i know all about cov unfortunately . 
  the midlands in general is shit from northampton to wolverhampton to stoke and derby . 
  i 'm not brain dead , i promise !, 
  might be a bit late but here in the uk class is not about money , we have a hugely intricate and entrenched class system . 
  working class means you speak in a certain way , your family history is of serfs and slaves rather than nobility or even just free men , you probably did n't have a tertiary education , and there are hundreds of other things which i wo n't go into because it would take far too long . 
  in the uk you could be a millionaire and still never be upper class if you were born working class . 
  for me , if we let them join the eu we ease tensions with them , and can slowly influence them for the better but until they admit and apologise for the armenian genocide then they can piss right off . 
  2 million people were slaughtered , you ca n't just ` disappear ' something like that . 
  i think part of it may be due to the fact that i live in northampton , near leicester and coventry . 
  i just checked oliver adams have roughly 30 outlets in northamptonshire and a few in leicestershire . 
  so yeah my area might be an anomaly for bakers . 
  did n't realise pret a manger were that big, 
  maybe it is a ` big city ' thing then , but it is n't around in most of the country yet . 
  where i am there are 2 greggs and about 5 + oliver adams , which is all over my county and i think theres a few in neigbouring counties but i do n't think i 've seen it anywhere else, 
  i think the thing is compared to other political subreddits it is just as bad , and us europeans are supposed to pride ourselves on being egalitarian and welcoming . 
  ode to joy is a pretty great anthem . 
  pret a manger is only big in london really , i 've only seen it when i 've been there . 
  once you get out of london it is greggs all the way , then a weird pocket of ` oliver adams ' , then greggs again . 
  its because / r/europe is notoriously full of right wing , eurosceptic bias , some of which comes off as very racist, 
  thats good support !, 
  reminds me a bit of ricky hatton fans who traveled to the us to support him : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwemadtemwi, 
  there is a split between ` ultras ' who go to jump , sing and set off fireworks/flares and ` hooligans ' who go specifically to fight . 
  although europe gets a bad rap for having hooligans and riots at matches , the us seems to have plenty of car burning after certain games too haha https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2xy60ankew this is my team , although i live across the north sea from them europe is smaller than the us , so whenever i save up i go to see them, 
  username checks out, 
  although this is slightly off topic , the atmosphere of the fans is completely different . 
  it is more vitriolic and intense in world football as opposed to american gridiron football . 
  http://www.reocities.com/rodeodrive/5345/fans8.jpg https://i.ytimg.com/vi/jufzz5kpe4m/maxresdefault.jpg http://i55.tinypic.com/x5wg34.jpg, 
  also , the republicans are a legitimate party in the us . 
  the only people in the uk who voted for ukip were senile old closet racists . 
  unfortunately due to our ageing population they got 4 million votes .
