  why do you lump the uk/us together ? 
  the aims of both countries in the aftermath of ww2 were vastly different . 
  and yet you survived as a nation . 
  that takes some serious balls . 
  also i love friesland !, 
  reading frisian is like if someone took dutch and mixed it with norse and a bit of english !, 
  we have a saying `` as milk is to cheese are english and fries ! '', 
  that is weird because i consider the scandinavian countries close to england ( norway in particular ) as we were part of the north sea empire and my local area was ruled by vikings for hundreds of years . 
  we even have norwegian words in our dialect . 
  i guess we have similar roots but the differences come because you are on the continent and we are more isolated . 
  i get your points , obviously there are differences given we are two different countries with completely different histories , but comparatively we are similar . 
  of all the countries i 've been to the netherlands felt the most like england , just with a continental twist on many things . 
  it felt much more similar to the uk than australia or the us . 
  although yeah the class system here is nuts . 
  whenever people from other countries think class is about money i laugh my arse off . 
  i feel like the dutch and english are very similar though , both small nations with similar languages who had vast empires which did regrettable things . 
  nowadays both multicultural nations who despite having largely liberal populations seem to vote right wing parties into power and have populist ( borderline racist ) parties with troubling amounts of popularity . 
  geert wilders and nigel farage would get on like a house on fire . 
  a thousand years is very little in terms of the the world and the universe , but in human * history * a thousand years is a very long time . 
  think about how many governments rise and fall in a decade , a thousand years is enough of a time-frame for a hell of a lot to happen . 
  compare 1015 with 2015 . 
  maybe you 're thinking about human pre-history before we really had settlements and the ability to farm , but imo we only really start to be the most dominant species on the planet when we start to manipulate our environment by farming and settling . 
  you are n't understanding my point . 
  did uefa invent the rules which make up the basis of football ? 
  it streamlined the game into a more modern format , but it is * nowhere * near different enough to say uefa invented the rules , and the vast majority of the work uefa does is admin . 
  the same applies to boxing . 
  while the wbf may be in panama , the origin of the sport boxing - not organised fights in general , not similar historical sports but boxing - is england . 
  i really do n't see the problem with admitting england invented or popularised many sports . 
  yeah guess what people have been kicking shit around for ages but the game of football along with all of its rules was invented in england , england is the motherland of football . 
  uefa is administrative , it did n't invent anything . 
  same with rugby and tennis and boxing . 
  if it was brought to the rest of the world by england ( which it was ) then it is an english sport . 
  with boxing it is simple , organised fighting had been going on for thousands of years but the current sport of boxing traces its popularity and rules back to england . 
  how very dare you , the * correct * way of writing and indeed speaking english is more colo * u * rful . 
  just please try not to come into contact with our dialects . 
  not in the same incarnation . 
  its like saying england has been around since 4000 bce when we were founded officially in about 920 ce . 
  despite how much i dislike him , you ca n't deny putin has guided russia back to relevancy with startling success by dividing europe , funding right wing movements all over the globe - and finally they have someone malleable in the white house . 
  what a reversal of roles for russia and the us . 
  edit : i know russia 's economy is weak and they are very poor in many metrics , this is what is so surprising . 
  they had a budget and threw it all at chasing effective foreign policy and it payed off . 
  compared to the us who come first in almost every economic metric but their foreign policy has been a list of backfires and stumbles as of recently and politics is at its lowest point for years - people * hate * the establishment all over the west more than ever before : another contrast with russia which is ( forcibly ) united under putin . 
  its just interesting that the far weaker nation is now in the stronger position . 
  tony blair was left wing ?!, 
  come on man i ca n't be sure if you are joking or not ? 
  dude was the most right wing leader labour ever had and was centre-right at best . 
  why should i respect someone who has been born into a family that has more wealth than any of my family members have ever had since the dawn of bloody time . 
  she probably does n't give a fuck about this anyway - more power to her , why should she care ? 
  she 's fucking minted . 
  the words of someone who has no clue what socialism is !, 
  the bbc is pretty centrist , bordering on centre right because if they are n't right wing enough the tories will cut them . 
  they gave a ridiculous amount of coverage to ukip despite ukip being a fucking minuscule party at the time - they pretty much contributed towards their rise . 
  god save the queen is dirge and should n't even be our anthem . 
  why do we need to hear it ? 
  in case we forget what country we are living in ? 
  because when right wing people are proud of their country they end up hating other countries and starting wars or genocides mate . 
  politicians on a local level are very important and useful for communities . 
  on a national level they usually skim off money and look after their own interests because they are so far removed from the people they govern that they are n't scared for repercussions . 
  local politicians usually do less of that because they can be held to account more easily . 
  just not though is it . 
  i 'm english and have supported all the independence movements , even the fucking * cornish * so tell me why english people would n't have geographical and geopolitical knowledge of their own country ? 
  hey , britain loves our northern cousins . 
  but if i 'm honest being british is really something to be ashamed of recently . 
  we give loads to charities and get millions of people out on the streets for anti-war demonstrations but we keep selling weapons which are used to bomb yemenis , are complete slaves of the usa who only like us because they ca n't be bothered to learn any other european languages and assume we have the same culture as them , and voted to leave the eu ... 
  sometimes i hate this country , and sometimes i love it ... 
  my favourite thing about this is that all the anti-eu brits can complain about ` europe ' all they want - we are european regardless of eu membership, 
  yes , they are all originally `` germanic '' , i was just saying that the reason why the english named the days of the week after these gods is not because of the danish invasions , it was because up until the mid 600s `` england '' ( which was actually split into many nations ) was a germanic pagan nation, 
  actually the english days of the week are not from norse gods , the are from the anglo saxon gods who gave the days these names a good 400 years before the danes invaded . 
  actually the english days of the week are not from norse gods , the are from the anglo saxon gods who gave the days these names a good 400 years before the danes invaded . 
  actually the english days of the week are not from norse gods , the are from the anglo saxon gods who gave the days these names a good 400 years before the danes invaded . 
  well ... britain is a very politically divided place ( like almost everywhere i suppose ) . 
  i think that syrizas * execution * of their ideas was poor , and germany were always going to make sure they failed . 
  but in general , varoufakis has some very good ideas and i would rather live in a society closer to varoufakis ' ideals than theresa may , or merkel 's ideals . 
  and above all , it is completely , utterly wrong of the eu to destroy the choices of the people of the birthplace of democracy . 
  merkel definitely is too . 
  nations like serbia and belarus are pretty much at the whim of putin , he is funding far right movements which are growing rapidly in central and western europe and spread anti socialist or anti non-austerity propaganda and fight people in the streets . 
  the us tries to keep a lid on most european leftist movements ( as does the eu to be fair ) i 'm not saying the us are the only guilty party , just that they do have some stuff to answer for given that they are messing around with our entire continent and it feels like our nations mean nothing / are just pawns to putin and the us . 
  in my country the main problem is not the us or russia ( though they both contribute a little ) , it 's our media . 
  press barons choose our leader . 
  any politician with ideas that go against rupert murdoch and the johnathan harmsworth : the viscount rothermere , can expect to be called a terrorist sympathising paedophile , and have blatant lies printed about them in massive letters on the front page , and if they call out the media on the lies , a tiny 1 inch apology will be crammed away in the back pages so that people do n't realise it was a lie . 
  we do n't live in a democracy . 
  our leaders are chosen by press barons and our policy is chosen by london bankers ... 
  yeah but it was n't as if brexit was actually an `` anti globalisation '' or `` anti establishment '' vote , nor an underdog vote . 
  brexit campaign received more funding than remain and was run by ( economically ) far right neo-liberals , who were even to the right of the general tory party and way more economically liberal than remain . 
  farage is an ex stock trader for gods sake , brexit was just a massive free trade and globalisation vote dressing itself up as a populist , anti globalisation , somewhat nativist and racially charged vote . 
  also , it does n't excuse it . 
  europe 's political landscape is vastly different to the usa naturally , and used to include massive communist parties , and some nationalist parties , but the us and russia have changed this . 
  now everyone has to abide by `` boring austerity centre-right '' which all top economists agree is hurting the global economy because obviously different economies need different plans to recover and grow . 
  this austerity agenda is being forced to benefit american companies and russian oligarchs . 
  yep . 
  i wish they 'd fuck off and stop actively suppressing our political landscape . 
  same goes for what the eu did to greece, 
  yeah , i really hate it when the will of the public is usurped by these superpowers, 
  yeah , you 've put a lot of work into reshaping our political landscape for your own gain . 
  well , only if america withdrew their support for palestine . 
  england and netherlands are practically the same, 
  northland should be called nor\u00feumbria , and the thorn should be in their alphabet because \u00fe, 
  i do n't mind either , anglo-mercia would suit me fine, 
  yeah , its pretty crazy . 
  glad to see you were n't really a massive cunt mate !,
