  and i see you countered it with no clever riposte , or any real argument at all . 
  great , absolutely great , what a helpful inclusion to the discussion !, 
  if you want i could go and get all of the stats just to prove that you are a close minded moron ? 
  and also , please explain how rupert murdoch * is n't * satan . 
  seriously , if you think he is a good influence you might as well admit to being a racist sexist paedophile terrorist who breaks into farms at night and bums the cattle . 
  yeah . 
  hopefully this can get sorted without any major incident . 
  the comments on the respective threads in / r/turkey and / r/russia are so bad, 
  we 've got ourselves into a pre-wwi style situation where everyone is in alliances so nobody wants to go to war , but if any two major powers * do * go to war , it could be catastropic, 
  culturally we are not that similar to the us though . 
  we share the same language , but we are * not * actually culturally that similar . 
  most of our stereo-typically british behaviours are similar to the nordic countries ( who we used to be in a north sea empire with ) , we have a long and rich history with the french . 
  around 2/3rds of our dna is basque from 16,000 years ago . 
  we have saxon ancestors too . 
  our * political * relationship with the us has harmed us . 
  iraq was obviously a bad idea . 
  but the most scary thing about getting closer to the us is this : the us banks will end up having real executive power . 
  for an example : in the aftermath of the global financial crisis , the us congress voted * no * on bailing out the banks to the tune of $ 700 billion . 
  a little while later , a committee ( made up mostly of ex-banking ceos now in government ) passed the bailout anyway , despite the wishes of the actually us government and the american people . 
  if we have closer ties with the us , that is where we will end up . 
  well , giving a full on answer to that first question could take up a very * very * long time , but i can at least try and give you an answer . 
  most peoples given reason for wanting to leave the eu is that we 're `` swamped by immigrants '' . 
  this is not only untrue ( our population remains overwhelmingly white-british , particularly in the areas which complain about immigration the most ) , but also simply a bad move given that once we leave the eu we can stop all of the ( actually hardworking ) poles from coming here , but we will always need immigration in some form ( as every country does ) to plug labour holes left by our ageing population . 
  so then , who are the ` good ' and ` bad ' immigrants ? 
  do we let in hard workers from say , somalia , where homophobia and extremism are massive problems and they will have a harder time integrating to our secular society . 
  i feel like if you boil it down , you get to this : people are afraid of the ` other ' . 
  immigrant scapegoating has become a huge part of our media culture , to the point where we ignore our own problems and shaft them onto romanians and poles who simply come here to scrub floors and work on building sites . 
  if you 're afraid that our culture is disappearing then it is n't the immigrants you should be worried about . 
  the largest extinction in dialects and regional cultures * ever * in the uk is set to happen in the next 20-30 years simply because of the cultural dominance of the usa . 
  we become more like them and lose our old culture . 
  a few hundred thousand romanians had nothing to do with this . 
  if you want to leave the eu for economic reasons , fair enough . 
  i mean , you 're wrong , but fair enough . 
  the eu is one of the few reasons why cameron has n't turned this nation into corporate sponsored police state . 
  the eu has regulations in place to stop our ridiculous level of government surveillance , which it is trying to combat at the moment . 
  if we leave the eu , many of our business laws will be relaxed , also , so will our financial laws most likely . 
  * we all remember what happened last time we thought it was good to let the banks deregulate and do whatever they wanted . 
  * science ( which the uk is exceedingly good at ) has only really been bolstered and properly funded by the eu , while cameron has been happy to essentially ignore it . 
  we * can * exist outside the eu but trade with them , but that also seems a little stupid when you consider that we essentially are just opting to give up our ability to change anything within the eu , and then lose the favourable trading terms which we enjoy . 
  i feel like people let their prejudice win out against their better judgement . 
  immigration has been made to look like a big deal , when really the big deal is that rupert murdoch chooses our pm . 
  he owns so much media ( the sun in particular ) that whoever he chooses to side with ( tories mostly ) wins . 
  we need laws to stop him from turning our entire media into a monolithic entity that serves his views . 
  you 're bloody right !, 
  i 'm going to stare disapprovingly at each and every one of you !, 
  i 'm not having this entire country plunged into shitness or consigned to a closer relationship with the yanks just because some closet racists and short term thinkers with a d in a level economics think that it is good to leave the eu . 
  migration is * not * that big of a deal . 
  i live in a hugely multicultural area and the people who complain the most are the people who live in 99 % white seaside towns . 
  we 're being conned into thinking that migration is the biggest problem of our age , while behind the scenes we slowly become more like the us and transfer power away from the government and towards the companies . 
  when jamaicans and indians first came to the uk , people thought they would never integrate and now british-indian cuisine is our national cuisine , and british-indians do very well and are part of the community . 
  in 15-20 years polish people will be part of our community too . 
  what we need to focus on is helping to steer the disillusioned muslim community into prosperity , because at the moment they essentially live in segregated areas where they do * not * want to integrate and to be fair , they do n't really feel welcome , at least in many big cities anyway . 
  edit : literally every major power and all of the analysts are warning that we should not leave the eu , but * ooh i 'm scared of foreigners * is the argument that wins out amongst the right wing morons who live in essex ( and other working class tory strongholds ) and village dwelling upper middle class curtain twitchers . 
  edit 2 : i expect this comment to get slaughtered into negative karma when the eurosceptics log on . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/breton_party - these want a republic of bretagne . 
  i do n't think many of these movements have much traction , but they do exist . 
  fair enough , but brittany is not bogus at all https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/breton_nationalism, 
  oh yes , definitely . 
  these are n't hardcore , widely supported movements , many are very small or fringe , but they all do exist as far as i can find . 
  yeah , but i think the party just wants to start kaliningrad as another baltic state and call it prussia again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavaria_party these movements do n't have to be large or successful , they just have to exist in order to be part of this map i think . 
  okay , aha cheers  i mean , i can personally vouch that all the uk ones exist , but the say-so of an internet stranger probably is n't widely accepted , 
  its a wikipedia image . 
  it lists areas which supposedly have independence movements . 
  i 'm sure there are many not in this image . 
  here is a link to the file history on the commons : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:active_separatist_movements_in_europe.png not sure whether that qualifies as a credible source . 
  i could track down websites for all of the independence movements if you require something more substantial ? 
  we wo n't win the world cup ( again ) or euros ever . 
  most fans just want to get out of our group and have an exciting round of 16 or maybe even quarter finals . 
  england fans loved brazil and even sang like crazy after we 'd been knocked out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5t5vn01ct3q romania has more population than portugal or the netherlands , so maybe once you get better academies and infrastructure your national team will do better . 
  there might be more great romanian players out there , just waiting to be discovered !, 
  i think chivu was a brilliant defender , one of the best of the last 10 years , so the talent is there , it just needs to be found . 
  just signed up to it . 
  europe based browser . 
  i like . 
  well we have stonehenge , vikings/saxons and this : http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/admin/bkfill/default_image_group/2010/10/25/1288025909455/silbury-hill-006.jpg from 2750 bc and we might never win a world cup again , but gheorghe hagi does n't play anymore  who 's gon na save you now ? 
  i wish you all the best in euro 2016 though . 
  if someone boring wins it like spain or germany i 'll cry . 
  and if france win i 'll never watch football again !, 
  ukip voters are either old people who miss the way england used to be , or racists who think ` england is too full ' despite being full of counties filled with nothing . 
  i live in a very multicultural town , and here there are quite a few romanians actually . 
  most of them are quite friendly and tell me that romania is a really beautiful country and that they all hate russians . 
  there are a ton of poles and balts here though , there are about 30 ` polski sklep/lietuviu parduotuves/latvie \u0161u veikals on every street  if there is one thing england does well , it is absorbing waves of people . 
  we 've been doing it since about 5000 bc !, 
  well my views of romania and poland are different from the average brit i think . 
  personally i like immigration from eastern europe and elsewhere in europe . 
  honestly , people in england complain now , but in 15 years eastern europeans will be part of the community , just like indians and jamaicans have done . 
  plus i enjoy all of the cheap food and beers from the delicatessens . 
  fair dos matey , i can understand the reasons for this , but i still think it is misplaced . 
  yes , i know but the strategy of appeasement was due to britain 's historical outlook of ` ignore the problem and it goes away ', 
  to be honest i think it was more that britain 's leaders have historically avoided intervening in europe compared to the rest of the world . 
  although nowadays we just do whatever the us decides . 
  having 7000 years of history and our own separate culture does n't matter apparently , just because we speak the same language as them : /, 
  i 'm pro eu , and the idea of britain outside the eu should scare you . 
  once we leave and open our markets to the rest of the world more ( like china and despite their complaints the us ) then the nhs will go in the blink of an eye . 
  pretty much everything that this country was/is proud of are nationalised assets which have all but disappeared . 
  we have to stay in the eu . 
  it might be a ` free-trade ' old boys club , but it is better - much better than closer ties with the us , which we need to escape . 
  the uk literally entered the war because of poland . 
  that is hardly abandoning allies .
