i 'm a hard left wing socialist , and the fact that the left wing is tied up in shit like this makes me so angry . 
  to be fair i guess its the centralist liberals who really care about this stuff but still ... of course you can be racist to anyone based on their skin colour . 
  the thing that pisses me off is the `` dear white people '' thing . 
  so do you mean moldovans , belorussians ? 
  or english people , or norwegians , or estonians ? 
  no of course you fucking do n't because in the mind of someone from north america the world outside north america does n't exist . 
  there is no homogeneous `` white people '' group . 
  guilt for the slave trade in america is something that white americans need to deal with and rebalance their society accordingly . 
  in the same way i hate it when north americans try to claim the identity of `` black people '' - they do n't know shit about eritreans , ugandans , south africans or even black people across south america , who all have distinct struggles and amazingly unique cultures . 
  to label them `` black people '' is so reductionist . 
  this whole `` black people '' and `` white people '' thing is pretty fucking racist imo because it tries to erase the individual cultures of nations and judge us by our skin colour , lumping us into groups . 
  europe has its own answers to find and soul searching to do over colonial rule across the world , but for fucks sake do n't drag us into this pathetic north american obsession with race . 
  race is the defining schism the north american society , whereas for europeans race is less contentious . 
  class has always been our big hang up - especially where i am from ( england ) . 
  in short - fuck off . 
  racism can affect anyone regardless of skin colour . 
  yeah , english history is really colourful and at times unexpected . 
  i 've posted about this before , but i still find it amazing that english people share around 70 % of our dna with the basques , and genetically we can trace this back to an age before any other cultures had spread into europe from the steppes . 
  in many ways i find that funny . 
  english people nowadays sometimes complain about not feeling european , but we are the * original * europeans haha, 
  well to be fair nowadays most of our dialects come from danish and norwegian roots !, 
  even our names . 
  freya is a common girls name round here and my middle name is norse i think ( its `` k\u00e1ri '' ) so we ca n't really complain when we absorbed some of the culture !, 
  yeah , i assume so . 
  and the hebrides up in scotland would have been split into loads too , but ` tis the best map i could find haha, 
  http://i.imgur.com/nxrwvjw.jpg you can keep your lands as long as remove wessex, 
  if we did the isles would end up looking like this : http://i.imgur.com/nxrwvjw.jpg, 
  ` sniff sniff ' i smell celts in need of some language repression !, 
  in all seriousness i really like the cornish language . 
  i 'm glad to see it making a comeback , even if it is only a small one . 
  haha !, 
  fool !, 
  celts only arrive in 500bc !, 
  true ancestors of brit and scot build barrows and skara brae in 3600 bc long before puny celts arrive germanic tribes arrive in 400 ad to make the land glorious again after the celts let it get taken by romans !, 
  edit : also , the fact that everyone has forgotten cornwall is perfect :d, 
  oh definitely !, 
  but restoring a bit of our history that misses out on the limelight would be great . 
  i mean , we actually share 2/3rds of our dna with pre-celtic settlers who built stonehenge and similar ruins around 5000 years ago , but mainstream history never even mentions that and begins with 1066 : /, 
  fair do 's !, 
  did n't really know much about the isle of wight  although it could still be argued that danelaw later on had an impact on east midlands area in terms of religion as danes settled there, 
  yep , i was just making the point that they were the last of the english to convert to christianity , and even after they officially did , the remote backwater towns had a slight folkloric interpretation of the old religion . 
  not to mention east mercia , which became danelaw and homed the heathen invaders !, 
  so you are 100 % correct on offa and on mercia as a dominant force , could n't agree more , but the region has more left-over bits of the old religion than any other region of england , if that makes sense :d, 
  bloody hell !, 
  someone who lives in the capital !, 
  i 'm out down here in the eastern fringes in northamptonshire !, 
  and stop those bloody danish vikings from coming over and extorting us !, 
  wessex can only into christianity !, 
  mercia can into great pagan religion with thor , woden and great heaven of neorxnawang !, 
  mercia can also into staffordshire hoard , most anglo-saxon gold ever discovered !, 
  offa can into minting many coins and become much rich !, 
  trading with rest of worlds and much respect to norse brothers when the time came . 
  also danelaw into stronk as well, 
  any sub , any time . 
  mercia will never surrender to you southern pig dogs !, 
  wessex tiny and weak !, 
  http://pre02.deviantart.net/48f8/th/pre/i/2013/194/4/f/heptarchy_by_c00lfr0g-d6dcfp2.png mercia big !, 
  i see how it is !, 
  you southern weaklings shall never triumph over mercia again !, 
  restore 800 's borders !, 
  and do n't get me started on those nor\u00feumbrians !, 
  if we have to do battle all over reddit , we shall !, 
  glorious mercian midlands are best lands !!, 
  i would actually love some sort of * symbolic * revival of mercia . 
  like changing the name of the region from the midlands ( conjures up images of boring grey city blocks ) to mercia ( dank warlords and thor and woden ), 
  fuck off mercia will return ye bastards !, 
  wow , well actually my source was not that at all . 
  i was willing to have a long debate about this , and hopefully be taught things i did n't know , and also share my knowledge with you , but fuck it . 
  i ca n't be arsed to deal with someone so stuck in their views as to dismiss everything i know with a single comment . 
  clearly you must be the * worlds premier historian on the irish famine * . 
  fuck , sorry i every * dared * to question your knowledge , great one . 
  i really suggest you take a more objective view and read up on the matter . 
  the ravings of one racist ( who you keep quoting to support your views ) are hardly the views of the entire government , or of the * real british people * and not just the abusive ruling class . 
  trevelyan was well known for being anti-irish . 
  it would be like me quoting a racist slave owning american and saying that their views represent the views of every american during the 1860 's . 
  have a nice life though . 
  very true . 
  every country has committed atrocities and made nasty decisions in their history . 
  people always want to paint things in a certain light . 
  for every upper class racist who hated the irish , there were 10 people who found conditions there to be appalling and wanted to help . 
  the british government stopped exporting stuff from ireland to try and soften the blow , but did not bring in laws to stop * private companies * exporting , which was a horrendous decision fueled by imperialistic greed . 
  obviously , most of what you have said is correct , but the great famine was not a genocide , it was not * instigated * by the british government for the purpose of wiping out irish people , the famine was caused by the potato blight , and the british government neglected to help the irish people , which was obviously an atrocious act , but if you want to be accurate , it was n't a genocide , not like the holodomor . 
  i like arguing with you and i 'm right, 
  2010 election they got 900,000 votes . 
  2015 they got 4 million . 
  are you seriously disputing that that is a meteoric rise ? 
  you are deranged . 
  sweeping statements ? 
  have you been paying attention to any politics in the last 5 years ? 
  ukip came out of nowhere and 4 million oaps and builders voted for them . 
  it is n't a sweeping statement if it is accurate . 
  as i said other people want to vote out of the eu because they read the economist once while waiting in the opticians . 
  i 'm glad to see that offering nothing but rebuttals with nothing to back them up counts as an argument nowadays . 
  also , there is such a thing as being tongue in cheek with descriptions . 
  change from within mate . 
  i want nationalised industries , which the eu is against , but i 'm willing to vote to stay in because i believe we can get change from within . 
  france manages to have some nationalised industries . 
  we can do it too . 
  if we leave then we have to get closer to a country that is might have donald trump as its leader . 
  not having a go at you here , but you think it is a good thing to be run by non-elected and unaccountable companies instead of a government voted for by the people ?
