  biggest mafia is politicians and some very rich people i 'm sure greek people all know their names , they sell drugs in massive amounts and the law does n't touch them . 
  but it all starts in the government . 
  hahahaha you seem to know well , 
  us geography i do n't know everything but most things . 
  world geography generally very good . 
  just another singer like rihanna or whatever famous singers there are . 
  i 'm not an immigrant nor was my father/mother but all grandparents were . 
  not immigrants but refugees . 
  from modern day turkey ( ottoman empire then ) to greece . 
  depends . 
  many do it many not . 
  but mostly not i believe . 
  reddit is not representative of eastern european society, 
  i am from greece mate . 
  i work outside very much hours and i get very tanned in my arms , neck , feet , face become very black , arabic almost . 
  not burned tho . 
  no i think not because this will cause a strong divide between the people of the regions like it used to be in the past . 
  ti na se pw re man egw edw sta voria vlepw k pollous batsous trigirw gt menw se polh kai troxaia kai opke . 
  it still has some i think . 
  my grandma watches them lol . 
  i dont remember exactly what was the concept of ezel just it was a nice show very popular in greece very well writen with many plot twists . 
  happens every year at least once . 
  it 's cool if it 's low richter . 
  in the last one , like 3 months ago , i was talking with my brother sitting on a chair and then everything started shaking . 
  when it ended i said `` malaka what was that ? '', 
  and he says `` malaka yes hahaha how many richter '' i say `` around 4 '' . 
  btw when it 's happening you feel it like in the third second and i do n't think you say something meaningful until the earthquake stops . 
  it usually lasts 10-15 seconds . 
  come on man i am from the balkans too , i have visited most balkan countries ( not romania btw ) i know the mentality people have towards something that is n't from their own and at my perspective at least it is n't what you say . 
  maybe if you live in a huge city yes . 
  most western europeans refer gypsies as roma and gypsy or how we say here cigani . 
  that 's why they think like that i believe . 
  i 'm pretty sure all countries on balkans , eastern europe generally , baltics and probably italy , austria are `` more racist '' than uk . 
  also , uk is very multicultural and they have many black people too . 
  folk songs depend on the region . 
  every region has its own folk songs in their own dialect . 
  most people would recognise them and know where they come from , especially cretan , cypriotic or pontic songs . 
  and probably they would recognise island songs . 
  not very good politician but at least better than corbyn, 
  first of all not only americans do this so i 'm not only annoyed by americans . 
  generally stereotypes are in some way true , but not all of them . 
  far left, 
  nah , not even close . 
  uk is not racist at all compared to other countries in europe and you could fit in very well . 
  to be fair they had one good show that i remember , it was ezel idk if you know it . 
  turkish shows ( 2005 - ) . 
  argentinian-braziliian-mexican ( they were fucking really popular 1990-2010 ) . 
  spanish-portuguese to an extent right now , not very big . 
  obviously some english shows but i think they fall in the us category . 
  that 's about it . 
  it 's not an important day in greece afaik, 
  everybody uses it all around europe and i 'll probably say the world . 
  it depends but do n't think so, 
  almost every day, 
  yes we have many of them, 
  very close . 
  no it 's not about trump , generally people do n't seem to care and search about this kind of stuff about foreign countries . 
  i do not know about other countries , but most people in greece only know the president of the us and the opponent he had and that 's about that . 
  yeah in my area ( macedonia , greece ) it 's common ( not very very common ) for people to have maybe a flag with the vergina star that symbolizes macedonia . 
  ** also a lot of people have the two headed eagle flag of pontus . 
  depends where you go , but the chances that you are caught in an incident like this are very very few . 
  if we actually had people of other colors in the numbers that america has them , probably `` white supremacists '' would be more common here too . 
  obviously there are a lot of racists but not that kind . 
  they are very messy and most people dislike/hate them . 
  most probably have n't heard anything about it , but generally there is n't support for politicians in greece either it is trump or clinton or merkel or lepen or whatever . 
  not at all, 
  golden dawn . 
  enough said . 
  they are braindead, 
  most people that emigrate go to germany to work . 
  yes that 's true and nobody in greece calls the country fyrom . 
  they call it skopje . 
  very big, 
  1923 : population exchange between greece and turkey . 
  the macedonia region became majority greek . 
  ww2 : almost full removal of jews in thessaloniki and some other cities . 
  greek civil war : when it finished , almost all the communists were expelled . 
  that means that almost all the slavs went to jugoslavia . 
  i know the history , what about it ? 
  it 's not that you ca n't understand what i am saying to you , it 's that you do n't want to understand what i am telling you . 
  i wo n't bother explaining you again . 
  if this places were n't majority bulgarian what they were ? 
  i know for a fact that this places were very very mixed ( meaning that bulgarians , greeks , turks , albanians , vlachs , jews etc. 
  lived there ) . 
  again , you do n't understand . 
  everything is not black and white and i am not a racism apologist . 
  let me give you an example : if an alien from mars came to progressive canada , how you think people would treat it ? 
  you have to understand that black people or something other than white people are not common in this places like they are in canada . 
  for example , in england racism is not common . 
  in most parts of germany and france , too . 
  the reason is that for some years now they see different kinds of people in their everyday lives . 
  you seem to not understand what i am telling you . . nobody will kill you or murder you just for being black or pakistani or whatever you are . 
  but it takes time for people to progress . 
  the way you think is somewhat wrong . 
  first of all , like you said `` progressive '' `` accepting '' `` non racist '' europe is a myth , exactly like you said . 
  secondly you have to understand that at least 80 % of the countries are not multicultural in europe , that means only `` white people '' live there . 
  thirdly , people in most countries in europe ( especially in balkans and southeastern europe ) do n't have this politically correct culture and they are not so tolerant to some things that you from canada believe they are normal . 
  trust me , you do n't know how this works . 
  it 's a complicated subject . 
  they are exactly the same people .
