  the people that are 60-50-40 are the destroyers of greece . 
  corrupt to the bone , attached to political parties , generally most of them have lives good lives . 
  the people that are 30-20 have lived very good life when they were young but now they are really really struggling for very common things . 
  the people that are under 10 probably have lived not so good life and they are mainly destined in being poor or middle class . 
  keep in mind that i am talking about the big percentages . 
  obviously you will find wealthy or poor people in every generation . 
  or you can believe what cnn tells you, 
  i say again , you can go there and see by yourself or ask people from there . 
  first of all , the sanctions affect my job very much , that 's why i did n't like the embargo in fruits , vegetables etc. 
  secondly , people do n't know the full truth about what is happening in ukraine and russia right now . 
  the western media portray things in a certain way to pass their agendas . 
  if you actually want to know what is happening you have 2 choices . 
  1 ) go there and see yourself or 2 ) speak to someone who is from there . 
  i 'm against them, 
  yes, 
  syriza : leftist party nea dimokratia : center right party golden dawn : far right party pasok : center left party kke : communist party potami : center party aneksartiti ellines : right wing party enosi kentroon : center party i do not want to say anything for the people that support them because if i do i will swear . 
  no only with salt . 
  and the white ones are called pasatempo but 99 % of the people eat the black ones . 
  of course there is but mainly in old people . 
  and in younger people too obviously but not at that rates . 
  [ when you go to the game this ] ( https://www.google.gr/search?q=sunflower+seeds&amp;newwindow=1&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewitiuu17klvahxjb8akhyz_aomq_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950#imgrc=i8hlcvaene4k0m ) and probably beer or retsina or simple coca cola, 
  xaxaxaxaaxaxx made me laugh ngl, 
  no gays in greece wallah elhamdulillah, 
  not yet but i will go 100 %, 
  germans as people are genuinely some of the best people on earth . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  they are very accepting . 
  i think a city that you would fit in is cologne . 
  a good tip would be to always say danke/bitte . 
  it means thank you/your welcome and i think they say this very much . 
  obviously you will find some bad people over there that are really rude but they are a minority and only in some places . 
  i would suggest you avoiding east germany but even if you go there probably you would have no problem . 
  basketball easily, 
  well considering that all men have served in the army , it 's logical to be a little bit proud of some things . 
  i do n't think we have a day for the army . 
  people say mainly stories about their time . 
  double parking traffic lights speeding, 
  generally , reddit and probably the internet , has a big difference with real life . 
  that 's what i am trying to say . 
  and this is a fact . 
  do n't know the reason why i am downvoted . 
  to be fair , none . 
  eh , ok i suppose , put aside all the casual conflict `` this land is mine '' . 
  most liked idk . 
  most disliked probably gypsies . 
  best integrated albanians . 
  worst integrated gypsies . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  reddit as a place is mainly left wing , like they say in america , liberal . 
  they are refugees welcome , gay rights , antireligion , support mainly left wing politicians etc. 
  real life is n't like this . 
  yes of course, 
  barely 1 the retard, 
  well thats ur opinion bro obviously i dont agree, 
  we dont hate americans , we dont like american politics . 
  very big difference . 
  i 'm talking about greeks . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/29/2-obamas-international-image-remains-strong-in-europe-and-asia/ just see the graphs , it will help you understand . 
  you can get whatever you want . 
  i buy cigarettes for my mother from age 11 . 
  people did n't like obama , people did n't like bush , people do n't like trump . 
  different countries have different values . 
  america was built in diversity . 
  greece was n't . 
  the economic thing you say does n't make any sense . 
  greece was more homogenous in the past and was just fine economically . 
  economics have nothing to do with diversity . 
  of course people should welcome others , not because it 's the american way , could n't give two fucks what the american way is , but because is the right thing . 
  but diversity by default is n't a good thing . 
  i drink to kind of coffees . 
  the 2 most famous coffees in greece . 
  i prefer them sweet but it depends on the mood or other circumstances . 
   but no one 's forcing you to interact with gypsies , or anyone else you 'd o n't want to . 
  seems like you do n't live somewhere near with gypsy community . 
  they force anything to anyone . 
  in greece , i can send you to 3-4 places and if you return alive with all your money and your things i will give you personally 1000 euros . 
  that are so few that they do n't divide them . 
  just googled and they are 5000 in greece . 
  i doubt people know much about them . 
  it is n't, 
  how am i being racist ? 
  if i said greece is a warm country or england is a rainy country is a fact . 
  gypsies are shit people where they live all together communities that 's a a fact too . 
  if we actually were shit people and parasites , i would have no problem you called us like that . 
  if you tell the truth i dont have problem to hear it . 
  where did you see that i hate them ? 
  i just stated a fact that is accepted by all people that live in countries with many gypsies . 
  i 'm not a gypsy and i am not a racist, 
  what do you know about gypsies living in finland ? 
  a saying in my country says outside of the dance you sing many songs . . the biggest racists are gypsies . 
  why is a different skin something good i cant understand . 
  yes and they are nothing like you think of . 
  totally shit people . 
  worst kind of people in europe actually . 
  for me , and for almost every greek i know , diversity is n't good . 
  because it causes conflict . 
  i do n't think about them really , and i rarely see them because they only live in 2-3 cities in thrace . 
  no and you can get one pretty much everywhere . 
  i used to buy one every year at my village when we had some celebrations and the gypsies were selling them . 
  you see , in america the racism i think is about colour .
