  as much as we can . 
  migrants ? 
  i am speaking for greece , we should take none . 
  there is no point . 
  from our own royal family that we had in the past , most people dislike them for many reasons . 
  rita wilson, 
  yes . 
  normal people vs communists . 
  a typical greek man . . so : 1 ) loves football to the point he is fanatical about it . 
  2 ) says he is religious but he goes to church only in very big holidays . 
  3 ) hates all politicians and calls them puppets of . . ( you name it ) 4 ) goes out everyday for a freddo/frappe and sits in the cafe bar for three hours 5 ) says that most women that are famous in tv or singers are highly paid whores and most of the tv presenters are faggots . 
  6 ) says he hasnt got a problem with gays but they should not provoke and should do whatever they do in private . 
  7 ) says that all the neighboring countries hate greece and want to hurt us in any way possible 8 ) every man has awesome stories from the army 9 ) has very strong relationship with his grandparents 10 ) has a university degree but works in a totally different thing from his degree . 
  11 ) thinks that all other countries are not as good as greece because `` when we were having democracy you were monkies in the trees '' or `` when you discovered meat we already had cholesterol '' 12 ) is very loud 13 ) speaks broken english and he disrupts he sentences constantly and says `` eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh , eeeeeeeeeeeh '' 14 ) thinks he is above the law and he will trick this filthy cops 15 ) drives like a maniac but whenever something happens that is not his fault starts swearing etc etc etc this was mainly negative but it 's a big part of greek menality obviously most of it is stereotyping but i have lived my whole life in greece so i know a thing of how people think, 
  that most people of the country live in shithole big cities full of cement and not very beautiful islands or in villages, 
  as you know halkidiki has 3 `` feet '' . 
  1st foot is more like young people who like very much parties and beach bar full etc. 
  you will also find many serbians and other balkanic people generally in halkidiki . 
  2nd foot is more quiet , family type etc. 
  3rd foot is holy mountain you can to visit if you want its nice but for a day . 
  you rest your soul there . 
  so for exact locations i advise you to go to : kalithea its 24/7 partying full of beach bars with young people . 
  but for me its too crowded . 
  hanioti is also very nice and of course pefkohori . 
  this is from the first foot . 
  in the second foot you can go to armenistis , kalamitsi , sarti , toroni . 
  in holy mountain you can visit the serbian monastery if you want but this needs better organisation . 
  ask for request etc. 
  i dont know the full process . 
  but obviously ask more persons for opinions its better . 
  depends what you want bro . 
  quiet holiday or party ? 
  kala ntaksei salonika k athina exei re file afou exei k pakistanous k ta panta egw milisa gia oles tis alles poleis den tha deis pouthena mantiles k mlkies pera apo xanthi komotini . 
  100 % eksakrivwmeno . 
  very very very common especially in the summers at the beach or in the cafeterias . 
  idk how is played never learned . 
  but they have like 3-4 games . 
  pou re ? 
  day trips halkidiki looooooooool whatever can anyone afford i guess, 
  in greece sometimes we call it frango/franga, 
  the last 30 years . 
  for me it 's justified . 
  the reason i single them is that they commit many crimes . 
  i know many gypsies who denounced their gypsiness and live normal lives and and follow the laws , have normal work etc. 
  the gypsies that live all together are literally the worst community a country could have . 
  they are the biggest racists as people . 
  it 's until you step into the wrong neighborhood . 
  in basketball terms i think in 3 years max . 
  he will win nba mvp award . 
  in terms where he comes from , he is greek . 
  he was born in greece , he got greek education , speak greek , grew up in greece . 
  his parents may be nigerian but him and his brothers my opinion is that they are greek . 
  generally people say he is greek . 
  maybe if you ask the whole country 80 % of people will say he is greek and 20 % will say he is not , something like that . 
  racism depends where you go in europe . 
  if you go to crowded multicultural places like cologne or london or whatever big city , you will see very few racist issues , like in the us . 
  if you go to a village somewhere maybe in eastern europe or wherever else , where people have only seen black people from tv and generally believe all the stereotypes because maybe of poor education , then you will find more racism . 
  but for gypsies , it 's not this thing . 
  the hate they get , they cause it themselves . 
  yes, 
  there are so many but some things that were done for 2004 olympics costed much and they were used for 1 year only, 
  they removed some ancient stuff 30 years ago or so . 
  very popular in greece . 
  and the nba is very popular too . 
  second biggest sport in greece with huge following . 
  it 's until you live near a lot of gypsies . 
  racism at gypsies for me at least is understandable . 
  you speak but you have n't interacted with them or live near them . 
  just what you see on the internet . . do n't believe most of the things you read . . 
  this attitude is very common, 
  we have the exact same saying in greece, 
  you can say whatever you want and nobody will give a fuck . 
  unless you are famous . 
  hahaha my parents i can say only a little because they have never lived in these places but my grandparents obviously would love to see their houses again . 
  also i believe deus vult is something for catholics but i understand the way u use it but just wanted you to know . 
  there are many things i should explain you with the greek mentality . 
  1 ) generally , the stereotypes here about the jews are the same as anywhere else , but much more widespread . 
  lots of money , want the worst of non-jew people , force globalization etc. 
  but the thing is the common greek believes them . 
  for example if you ask a common greek person : `` are the jews rich ? '', 
  he will say `` of course they are '' or `` who controls the banks ? '', 
  `` the jews zionists rockfeller , zuckerberg etc etc '' . 
  2 ) political parties do not support them . 
  most of left doesnt like them because of `` occupation '' of palestina and the `` rich '' status . 
  ultra right wing obviously does n't like them , that does n't need explaining really . 
  common right wing also does n't like them , because `` we are christians , they are jews , they want to destroy us '' and obviously most of them are a little racist to everyone like not too much but a little . 
  also , according to many people some politicians of the greek parliament who are corrupted and `` sell '' greece are secretly jews for example according to many people ex pm of greece kostas simitis is jew and his real name is aaron avouri . 
  many examples of that . 
  3 ) the most important thing , is this . 
  the history of jews in greece . 
  in thessaloniki and around northern greece we had many of them before ww2 . 
  the thing is , that they were n't liked very much and were the majority in some cities . 
  so [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_thessaloniki_fire_of_1917 ) happened . 
  some say it was unintentional , others say it was n't . 
  also many say that the first leader of turkey and the killer of many greeks was jewish of saloniki , you may know him as kemal ataturk , but this probably is n't true . 
  possibly there are many other things that i am forgetting right now . 
  hahaha no , the dictator . 
  everyone calls it czechia ( tsehia ) in greek, 
  `` all those in the government are hebrew zionists tectons they believe in masonry and globalization they are all jews they want to kill greece and our christianity we must hang them all where are you papadopoulos 1 !!!! 1 !! '', 
  blonde women,
