  speak the same language . 
  but people from fyrom do n't want to admit that . 
  the fact is the `` macedonian '' identity did n't exist all this time and is something very recent . 
  get a map from the ottoman empire or whatever historian from 1700 or 1800 or 1900 or whatever time you want you will never see `` macedonian '' you will see bulgarian . 
  deep down obviously they know the truth most of them but there are other reasons they do n't admit it . 
  probably my first kid will have my fathers name and the second kid my wife 's father name . 
  if female mothers name etc. 
  casual stuff . 
  obviously you can see it in some houses all year round maybe along with some other flags . 
  but the days that everybody puts it in the balcony is the national holidays . 
  25 march , 28 october , the local city liberation day . 
  this 3 days and the days close to this , the flag is used a lot . 
  hahaha believe it or not , it 's an area with many many turks because they were n't exchanged . 
  so obviously it would be technically `` easier '' to join turkey than some islands for example . 
  but obviously i do n't think it 's gon na happen . 
  there is a difference between turkic and turkish people . 
  most of today turkish people are probably local people ( meaning greek or armenian or laz or whatever ) that changed their religion , so they became turks . 
  obviously you can find turks with turkish features but most of them are in other countries ( turkmenistan etc ) and not turkey . 
  mentality wise some cities from turkey are what we call `` europe '' and most are not . 
  for example their west coast ( izmir etc ) are somewhat `` european '' but when you go in the east the mentality changes a lot . 
  but in terms of color i dont think that leo varadkar is `` person of color '' . 
  you can find italians , greeks , albanians , slavs etc. 
  more tanned than him . 
  if you want relaxation go to paxi-antipaxi . 
  if you want many parties and very cheap go to the first foot of chalkidiki . 
  very cheap and nice weather with nice people and many young people . 
  in greece make sure to avoid the british tourists during the summer so probably i would suggest you not to go to zante , malia ( crete ) and kavos ( corfu ) and in ayia napa in cyprus . 
  have fun , 
  why do you exclude turkey ? 
  it 's not as if they are black africans or something or chinese . 
  because france is an important country and probably they think that they and their language should be n1 . 
  that 's my guess , maybe i 'm wrong . 
  surely i value the effort because first of all i know how hard it is to learn and memorize a language . 
  secondly i would be very happy and proud that foreign people speak the language of my land because this does n't happen very often . 
  but 100 % i would not be offended , let 's say like the french people do sometimes . 
  hahahah remove alexandrovski makedonofski ? 
  whatever will happen it will happen in balkans/eastern europe . 
  without us nato would be pointless, 
  corruption, 
  there is bias but not much . 
  the only country i believe that they are not biased towards their history is germany . 
  they are the most correct people in that . 
  most biased countries in terms of how they portray things in their history probably are russia and turkey . 
  greek english german . 
  and one dialect . 
  what . 
  the . 
  xaxaxaxaxxa not at all, 
  above average , 1.85, 
  yeah what about this ? 
  there are some people that worship them , but they are not an `` island '' or they are not even many . 
  if people do n't mistake you for a gypsy you will be fine . 
  obviously europe is not as progressive as the us in certain things but you wo n't have any problem . 
  if i was born ten years before it would have been perfect . 
  i 'm 20 btw . 
  summer : everyday maybe sometimes 2 days ( i use shampoo only once when i shower two times per day ) . 
  normal year : 5 times per week . 
  nah there is n't, 
  around 25-30 depends on where the school is etc. 
  there is no need for some countries to do this, 
  around 20, 
  the shiqptars, 
  even if there was a law written for this , laws are rarely applied in greece . 
  so i 'm sure from my experience that he would n't be convicted . 
  hmmm from modern history surely the liberation war from ottoman empire . . from the ancient history personally i find the wars vs the persians very interesting . 
  i think most people dont care about this subject and probably most people do n't know what he said for the climate, 
  no surely not, 
  basketball, 
  maybe babis sometimes too eh ? 
  not from my parents but sometimes from my big bro and 2 times from my teachers . 
  one thing my teacher did was fucking painful for our age . 
  cyprus, 
  putin 100 % and say whatever you want . 
  no of course . 
  giorgos papadopoulos probably, 
  i really like the name we have . 
  greece not so much but still is good . 
  most common thing ever, 
  yes 100 % . 
  the idea `` a greek can be muslim '' is not very widespread in greece . 
  that 's why for example the muslim population in thrace ( komotini , xanthi ) most people just call them turks and not muslim greeks . 
  this and many other things . 
  they are very americanized , they way i see them at least . 
  obviously they have their traditions but nowadays they adopt some american values or american culture . 
  also , i do n't think people celebrate halloween in `` mainland '' europe ( assuming you mean countries like greece , albania , serbia etc ) . 
  we have our own kind of halloween , at least in greece . 
  but maybe in those countries i previously mentioned like germany or sweden or england maybe they celebrate it , i do n't know . 
  yes and no . 
  love the people , love the mentality but do n't really like the lack of opportunities . 
  bad . 
  thankfully we 're not much `` americanized '' like other countries for example germany or sweden or some others . 
  obviously they have really nice movies and songs and stuff like this , but it 's a bit cringy when you see traditions like halloween or i do n't know what else they do , to do them here . 
  in food and stuff like that to be fair we have n't been much influenced from them and i hope and i believe it will remain like that . 
  so far never , doubt i will in the future but one man can only hope . 
  nova sports : greek league , french league , portuguese league , fa cup , german cup , italian cup , copa del rey final and spanish , italian and english super cups . 
  also , it has some basketball tournaments , some tennis tournaments , polo tournaments and some other sports . 
  cost = 40 euros per month . 
  ote tv : all the other leagues ( spanish , italian , english , german plus champions league and europa league ) , the remaining national cups and many others sports . 
  cost = 25 per month . 
  most people choose ote tv .
