trust no one, 
  yeah , i know . 
  it is really beautiful to be honest . 
  is the temple greek ? 
  you dont know anything about greek reality . 
  hahaha indeed in bucuresti there are some greeks mostly people that go to the university there ( i think that most greeks in romania live near the black sea ) . 
  ofc i remember the game u won us . 
  and i follow a little bit the romanian league , just some news but i dont watch any games . 
  yeah it is aris hopefully they will stay in 2nd division for many years more . 
  as for the video no comment hahahah, 
  well , that 's interesting . 
  look the other comment . 
  she was n't the only unpaid and she probably wouldnt find another job with this kind of money and also keep in mind that she had some other problems except the money . 
  because karypidis was just a front man . 
  all these stores and super markets and a football team that played for 5 years in the first division were owned by arvanitidis and i think he had some problems with the law and he put everything in karypidis name and then they had a fight and karypidis decided to keep them all . 
  now , you have to understand that he is broke and he does n't pay anyone , not only this woman but all the employees are not payed and they all get the same `` we will give it to you all together if you stay on the job '' . 
  now , in the last 2 years karypidis has bought another team ( one of the biggest teams in greece they play for some years in the 3rd-2nd division and technically he gave the first team . 
  but this happened only on paper . 
  this man `` fixes '' many football games in the asiatic market with money that exceeds millions and he is accused and he will get a trial soon i think for 2-3 games ( there are more obviously ) . 
  so , having said all of this , i want to say that this man sooner or later will get in big trouble . 
  not only with the law but with other shady men . 
  also , i think he uses the supermarket to `` wash '' money . 
  people say that `` he will it his head '' meaning that maybe you will find him in some canal . 
  know there are many more things to say on the story but i think this is enough . 
  because the owner is broke lol, 
  anybody who wants to know something about this case feel free to ask . 
  knew the woman , knew the owner , live near to where this happened etc. 
  lol , i knew the woman and she really did committed suicide now i am on the phone but later i can provide source . 
  i do not understand the reason you are writing all this . 
  so . . this happened near from where i live . . 
  i know pretty much everything about the case and about the owner and the woman . 
  really sad story . 
  there are many names to be used but it seems like the skopian government is not proud of their slavic history . 
  it is really a shame . 
  people genuinely know jack shit about kurds do they . 
  then you do n't know what genocide means in the original meaning . 
  be serious, 
  actually this happens really often . 
  happened yesterday in fact . 
  two iranians refused to play vs an israeli team . 
  it 's very common . 
  that 's why israel plays in european competitions . 
  `` helped out '', 
  first of all , so you know , the lady athletes said that they dont want to play and secondly so you know this move was very much applauded by everyone . 
  a national team should use the official name of the country . 
  very good move from the team . 
  bravo . 
  not even 1 % of them . 
  sickness, 
  most likely people will associate it with kingdoms/cities that were close and the names are still used today like for example cappadocia or pontus . 
  i know man , i mean since when islam was here in the region , not about the people . 
  colonists lol really man . 
  first of all i am one of those refugees you say and the bulgarians obviously were of course not to blame then . 
  there was casual racism from other greek or bulgarians towards these people calling them turks . 
  that 's a fact . 
  but this happened during 1920 as you say . 
  the civil war happened 20-25 years later . 
  this is not logic that u use . 
  exactly what the albanians say . 
  `` if the albanian chams did n't join the nazis . 
  and the whole truth is that first of all that in the civil war bulgarian or greek every communist was expelled , ethnicity did n't matter . 
  but your megalomaniac minds had other thinking . 
  as for the assimilation i 've heard some bs from skopians that they were not allowed to speak their language and things like this . 
  this is a total lie . 
  the only thing is that the government did n't recognize it as official , same as every other minority language/dialect . 
  there was no punishment . 
  there were stereotypes , yes . 
  but it is preserved and i 'm pretty sure people still speak it . 
  i am not talking about the previous government or the current government . 
  and i know the views of most of your compatriots because i have visited your country many many many times and many of your people come here . 
  what i say to you is from direct experiences with skopian people not from some media we have in greece . 
  and what i wanted to say is the role your `` compatriots '' had in the greek civil war . 
  obviously the changing of history is annoying but what is more important is real present life than history . 
  i agree we did some stuff that were pretty harsh , but when you talk about this things , especially skopians never criticize themselves . 
  you present the half truth all the time . 
  it 's the same with what albanians are doing in some things . 
  it depends what you call a real religious person . 
  follow the literal word of the bible , to church everyday , hold all fastings etc. 
  i agree , it would be difficult to find a person like that . 
  i consider my self religious and i do n't go more than 10 times a year . 
  that does n't mean i am not religious . 
  by the same logic it would be hard to find a `` real '' muslim in the arab countries . 
  sasha makedonski alexandrovski veliki slav king, 
  serbian + croatian + bosnian = 16.6 bulgarian + skopian = 11 they are the same 99 % percent and they understand each other just fine . 
  no point separating them . 
  it 's like you put greek and cypriotic in different part . 
  eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, 
  well , sorry , but my english is pretty limited so i can not explain it in english . 
  it 's not actually a ghost and it played really big part in many things . 
  but i think if you open the romanian wikipedia page about the holy spirit you will understand it a little bit better . 
  why would a muslim attack for example a country like greece or bulgaria or romania . 
  and the muslims on this countries are `` native '' or at least they live in those areas for more than 400-500 years . 
  the patriarch of constantinople is the first of the orthodox patriarchs . 
  i think they are fine between them , there is no problem . 
  also it 's not only thrace . 
  macedonia , epirus , crete , and most of the aegean islands are under the patriarch of constantinople . 
  the differences between orthodox and catholic : 1 ) filioque . 
  the catholics believe that the holy spirit comes from the father and the son and but the orthodox believe it comes only from the father . 
  this was added in the catholic faith right before the schism and is not mentioned in the gospel like that so the orthodox were angry . 
  this is the main reason .
