  mostly that 's true . 
  it depends from person to person but most people associate them with hip hop and basketball ( that 's for the blacks ) . 
  for the native americans there is no opinion because most people think they are all dead . 
  in pasta is very common , in most types of meat like kefte or souvlaki or whatever you can put it if you want . 
  and in french fries , many people put it them . 
  nothing has changed in that part , you can say whatever word you want like faggot or nigger or stuff like that no one will bat an eye as it 's very common . 
  the only thing that has changed is the public support towards a political party . 
  if you declare it publicly that you support one politician many people look down on you and call you `` politic dog '' . 
  and maybe the racism towards albanians has cooled down a bit because they have cooled too . 
  if you talk about the refugee situation now , yes i have seen and interacted with many people like them . 
  not anything special . 
  there are bad and there are good people like in every country . 
  some of them do not like each other though . 
  tall people, 
  not many people believe like this in europe . 
  very few people would fight for europe . 
  i do n't know anyone and doubt that there is more than 500 and we had a significant population back in the day . 
  that means most of them were killed and the rest of them left . 
  also , they do n't come here for vacations because of supposed anti semitism , something that is not true . 
  haha i am very loud too generally most greeks are, 
  yes i am christian orthodox, 
  yes . 
  when the exchange with turkey happened back in 1923 only the the cities of komotini and xanthi remained untouched . 
  so there live 3 kind of people : turks greeks and pomaks . 
  the turks are n't recognised as turkish minority ( although most of them speak turkish , many of them vote in turkish elections and all practise islam ) they are recognised as muslim minority and serve in the greek army . 
  it 's up to the person if he feels turkish or greek but i believe most of them feel turkish . 
  then the pomaks are bulgarians by blood but now they have become greeks citizens and i believe most of them feel greek . 
  i dont know about other european countries , i can speak about greece . 
  liberal means center right or maybe center left that likes europe but has no problem with religion , no gay rights , not stuff like that . 
  conservative means right wing and maybe some conservatives are fascist ( not nazi , just fascist ) . 
  this french movie with the black actor and the disabled white actor , dont remember the name . 
  probably two headed eagle or owl ? 
  true : we are very outgoing and socializing people false : we are lazy, 
  well sure , but i doubt they would like to come here . 
  also , i do n't think we can host more to be fair . 
  right now , no . 
  i speak 3 languages . 
  greek ( native ) english and german . 
  although i want to improve a dialect i speak . 
  im fucking shit at this , will learn though, 
  i dislike ultras . 
  google him . 
  hmmm we have many dialects in my country but dying dialects i dont think . 
  i think they are preserved very well , most of them . 
  * not common , poetic language, 
  [ this lad ] ( https://www.patrasevents.gr/imgsrv/f/full/1024449.jpg ), 
  it depends what you call far right . 
  do i know any neo nazis that support hitler and stuff like that ? 
  no , they are not common in greece at least and i believe in the whole world . 
  do i know people who support fascism and the junta in greece and do n't like immigrants and stuff like this ? 
  yes , i know and i have family/friends like them . 
  they are common . 
  go somewhere in west europe like france , england or scandinavia . 
  avoind balkans , eastern europe and maybe italy . 
  oh , ok . i believe fyrom wont join the european union soon because greece is gon na veto their entrance if they do n't change their stance on some things . 
  what do you mean ? 
  aha ok i understand now . 
  question : do you think kosovo will be accepted into eu ? 
  also , do you think albania will be accepted into eu ? 
  okay i might be wrong in this one but do n't kosovo citizens identify as albanians ? 
  albania does but serbia and many other countries dont . 
  sometimes optimism is just wishful thinking . 
  ofc i dont say you should be pessimistic . 
  okay pal i might live in another world i do n't know , there are no disputes for kosovo every country in the world recognises it, 
  in everyday life everyone calls it skopia, 
  drugs are illegal . 
  heroine users ( junkies ) are seen as kind of `` worthless '' people , people would say something like `` do n't pay attention to him , he is a lost cause . '', 
  cocaine users are usually seen like more rich people and are not treated like junkies . 
  marijuana users obviously are more common but it depends how much the person smokes . 
  if for example he is wasted everyday and you can see it in his eyes or the way he speaks obviously people do not `` respect '' them much . 
  if they are normal people that just smoke once a month or once a week then they are seen normal . 
  are you for real ? 
  albania has territorial disputes with serbia and albanian minority have ethnic tensions in fyrom . 
  to the people saying fyrom will join soon , sorry pals that is not the case i 'm afraid . 
  albania and serbia wo n't join soon either . 
  turkey wo n't join either . 
  montenegro and maybe moldova will join before 2020 . 
  not as popular as seeds . 
  not true , you will only get harassed if you mention the word macedonia ( and you mean the country fyrom ) or makedonski or something like that . 
  n o, 
  / r/greece and i 'm sure people will help you . 
  sunflower seeds are very popular in greece and in balkans . 
  metaxas from greece was a good dictator imo . 
  well back it was very tough times and we had many wars and many genocides happened to greeks . 
  and some people just started going to america . 
  yes there are many `` clean '' patriots , maybe the majority ( ? ) . 
  but there are some others who abuse the word patriotism . . 
  what is exactly the european way of life ? 
  europe is a continent with many countries in it . 
  most of them have different way of life . 
  maybe denmark for example can be globally competitive but greece can not be . 
  obviously yes haha, 
  well i have plenty from ww2 or ww1 or the greek civil war . 
  in ww2 greece was occupied by 3 countries . 
  germany italy and bulgaria . 
  in my area ( central macedonia ) we had germans . 
  well my grandmother who remembers everything from the war has said to me many stories . 
  one i can remember right now is that the normal army ( wehrmacht ) did n't kill anyone without reason and generally she has kind of positive view of them because she was young and for example the army used to play with little children or give them sweets ( she said that in ww2 it was the first time that greek people ate chocolate ) . 
  one day in her village 2 german soldiers come and ask my grandmother and her mother for eggs . 
  my grandma says they would pay every time for what they bought and they ate a lot of eggs .
