  2 ) they believe that the pope can not be wrong . 
  this again is something newer in the catholic faith and orthodox reject that because they believe that only the 12 holy apostoles ca n't be wrong because they speak the word of god because they heard it from the holy spirit . 
  3 ) the priests of catholics can not marry while the orthodox priests can marry as it is according to the new tastement . 
  and many other differences regarding holy mary , baptism etc. 
  but from what i have understood the orthodox accuse the catholics that with the changing of times they modernise their faith while the orthodox have kept it the same all these years . 
  not surprised at all . 
  fuck smoking man . 
  very good move, 
  i dont feel affinity with no one based on country . 
  i say there are many many common things with all the neighboring countries . 
  and that is not only for greece or balkans or whatever . 
  spain has common things with portugal , germany with austria etc. 
  and i always speak for my self . 
  thessaloniki , like athens , is a very big mix of people from all places . 
  pontians , locals , minor asians , cappadocians , eastern rumelians , vlachs or whatever . 
  the truth is that it has many pontians , but i dont think it 's over 50 % . 
  greece is balkan . 
  just type balkan in google and see the results . 
  do we associate ourselves with bulgaria or fyrom or turkey or albania or whatever ? 
  no , there is no point associating with anyone . 
  every country is different . 
  do we have many things in common ? 
  yes , like every country with their neighbours has many things in common . 
  music , foods , mentality etc. 
  the thing is , if you come in the north or you will go to their countries and you meet those people you say we are totally different ( assuming you are from crete ) you will see that they have little to no difference from us in many things . 
  the thing that i am pontian has nothing to do with my opinion im saying again , i dont know why you keep repeating my origin like is something bad . 
  just because i am pontian means i know only pontians opinion ? 
  as far as i know thessaloniki is a big diverse city with many other people who are not pontian . 
  and in what way i associate greece with fyrom or turkey ? 
  most things you say do n't make sense really . 
  especially that a pontian associates greece with turkey . 
  could n't be more off . 
  as for the fyrom thing if i was a local ( ntopios ) it would make a bit sense since technically some of them speak the same language/dialect . 
  i think you are a bit confused or you dont go outside of your home very much . 
  and i am ignoring all the casual racism . 
  i 'm pretty sure i know the opinion of the average greek and that has big difference from what you say . . i do n't know why where i come from matters . 
   that 's what you say , but people here think otherwise . 
   greeks do n't feel at home even in neighboring countries . 
   greeks consider greece to be a different entity from the balkans . 
  where you put the word greeks , instead put i. 
  i can confirm that in the last years we have more earthquakes than usual, 
  we have them in every class in greece , actually not a cross but a big icon of jesus christ above the blackboard . 
  i think i have seen them in some pictures in romania and poland too . 
  if you want a very nice drink make a mix of retsina coca cola and if you want some johnny red . 
  i guarantee you will like it . 
  from the persons i know from there , this is where i have concluded . 
  meaning from elbasan and northern albanians tend to be more white and have features like blonde hair or something like that . 
  maybe i am wrong , but this is from personal experience from people that i 've met . 
  and they are many . 
  i can tell who is albanian from 150000 metres . 
  there are two types of albanians . 
  the ones that have bald round head ( \u03c4\u03b7\u03b3\u03b1\u03bd\u03bf\u03ba\u03b5\u03c6\u03b1\u03bb\u03bf\u03b9 ) from the age of 25 . i think these are tosk albanians , meaning mainly from the south albania . 
  gheg albanians meaning from the north have different features i think more `` westerner '' . 
  and the ones you can tell easily are the vlachs . 
  they have very sharp characteristics . 
  i do n't understand this logic . 
  by the same logic turks can call themselves romans or americans can call themselves natives . 
  what hahahahahah ?? 
  go open a history book . 
  yeah , but the river is mainly in fyrom . 
  this country was named like that in during yugoslavia times `` banovina vardarska ', 
  when yugoslavia existed , fyrom did n't exist and nobody was calling it macedonia . 
  i didnt say they steal our land . 
  and they do steal our history . 
  i dont agree with your perspective . 
  other countries can call me whatever they want . 
  the main thing is what is official . 
  there is no deal between greece and skopje . 
  either they will agree with our terms , or they will not get into eu and nato . 
  we would do the same to every other country that tries to steal greek land or greek history . 
  i am sure many countries , like poland for example , would do the same . 
  first of all greece is not the official name . 
  hellas is . 
  and secondly what you say now is totally out of context . 
  hellas as a whole does n't steal anything from it 's neighbors and has it 's own big history . 
  eyyyyy communists . 
  btw there are many greek cities-villages in many countries in the balkans and not only . 
  greece and eu and many countries have signed a lot of things . 
  this does n't say anything to me . 
  because this people are slavs . 
  and i value very much my countries history because it 's very rich and they try to steal it . 
  it 's like stealing my house . 
  i wo n't accept that . 
  my country is not forcing them to do anything . 
  actually if you look well , it is saying `` use macedonia in bilateral diplomatic relations '' that means something like i think , if usa speaks with fyrom they will use the name macedonia . 
  for me this is not a problem . 
  but for all official purposes like nato , eu or whatever greece is part of you will never see macedonia written . 
  what you say is true , there are many greeks of slavic ancestry , especially in the region where i live . 
  and they still somewhat speak this slavic language they have . 
  you see , you have done something bad to the natives , a genocide . 
  greece has never done anything bad to skopians . 
  also , we do n't hold them back in any way . 
  we are their main economy , and we said we can help you more . 
  just put a normal name in your country , learn real history and you will be in eu and nato . 
  they are bulgarians man , bulgarians . 
  the land they live is bulgarian , the language they speak is bulgarian . 
  many years ago they used to live in the real macedonia ( the part that is in greece today ) . 
  do you know how they called themselves ? 
  bulgarian that lives in macedonia . 
  same as jew from macedonia , turk from macedonia , greek from macedonia .
