  the people that live like half an hour away ? 
  comparing greek economy vs skopian economy is like comparing german economy with luxembourg economy . 
  every time i drive in some rural area in greece , i need a new kidney . 
  i suspect it 's the same in other balkan countries . 
  haide bre so pravis welcome !, 
  and have fun . 
  unbearable heat today . . 
  according to us no according to your countries yes, 
  for me it 's not , because i 'm used to it . 
  for a swede or for a german it is , because he is not used to it . 
  simple ? 
  6 per hour is pretty good imo, 
  it 's not so deep . 
  in greece we have a saying : you do n't bite the hand that feeds you . 
  now westerners will think that ukraine is a gay friendly paradise and russia is a place where they slaughter gays . 
  the bold truth is that mentality wise they are almost same . 
  very very bad for farmers and agriculture generally . 
  shit . 
  can confirm , weather is shit . 
  this things were always here , except the political extremism that was n't present for almost 40 years and the jobs to other countries thing . 
  but now with internet you see them more because people are more connected . 
  i have family in germany, 
  difficult , most possible i go to germany, 
  of course, 
  during my lifespan , it will only get worse . 
  only in 2 places i think there are mosques , in komotini and xanthi , where all the turks live . 
  true , but the last years greece has been in a crisis . 
  10 years ago or more life in greece was like 25 times better than in all the balkanic countries . 
  it still is better , but not so much better like it used to be . 
  two totally different situations, 
  that 's not true right now obviously but maybe in 10 years you never know . 
  i visit bulgaria regularly for many reasons and i live near the border , greece is a bit better . 
  it wont, 
  im sure i can repay the whole greek debt . . moron, 
  maybe i want to fuck margot robbie , does n't mean it will happen . 
  dont mind him, 
  fast forward 10 years -------------  member of bbb , calls everyone who is not a fan of dinamo zagreb a faggot, 
  i know about this , and i do not smoke ( have n't even tried ) and i actually ca n't stand it . 
  i do n't think it is acceptable , but it happens and no one is willing to stop it . 
  i do n't know about portugal or spain but if smoking in restaurants annoys you so much you better do n't visit greece pal , sorry . 
  xaxaxaxaxxa , if we only sent the ultras of our clubs this guys are dead . 
  fyi , greeks at least , call every ex-greek city/region with it 's greek name . 
  tories are more pragmatic, 
  who do i have killed ? 
  i 'm not a nationalist . 
  i said the same things about the armenians or the jews or congolese or the native americans that were genocided . 
  the tone i agree you saw the caps and you thought this , but i have no intention to fight with anyone from whatever ethnicity , but in this genocide i have lost most of my family and to see people denying it is very rough for me . 
  we do n't have race discrimination because we do n't have any other races lel, 
  never forget . 
  353.000 innocent souls were murdered . 
  as a pontic greek i will never forget this day and i will do everything at my hand so all people can know about this !, 
  what a shock : oooooo, 
  sorry but whoever did this map is clueless . 
  it is completely wrong . 
  i understand what you are saying , and i believe that family in greece is different than other countries . 
  they are recognized by whole world except turkey, 
  i believe that the 3 most important cities in turkey for greeks are : 1 ) constantinople - istanbul 2 ) smyrni - izmir 3 ) trapezounta - trabzon, 
  so dont come here to work if you do n't like it, 
  we have the lowest suicide rates in europe but still for greek standards is very high . 
  self recognised xaxaaxaxaxaxaxax, 
  believe that the majority of them still want it, 
  about asian youth i dont know , china korea etc i used to believe that they are very progressive countries . 
  from eastern european i believe we have little difference of how we look at this things ( religion , gays etc ) but i think we are ahead of them but still compared to normal countries like germany switzerland or sweden etc. 
  we are backwards in my opinion . 
  i dont know man . . you say this about the youth i dont see them as accepting or pro gay marriage as you . 
  maybe i say again we are from different enviroments . 
  i believe it depends where you live . 
  if you live in athens or salonica probably nobody would care . 
  if you live in a city ( not small , not big ) like 25k or a small village , it would damage your reputation . 
  also , you know how it goes in greece , i have no problem with gays etc etc if unless they do not show it . 
  i believe you understand what i 'm saying . 
  for example i know many people that would say : i have no problem with gays . 
  and i u ask them : so if your son is gay you have no problem then it 's ok for you ? 
  they will say no no we said no problem but not my son !, 
  sorry for bad eng i am tired, 
  yeah i understand what you say . 
  but for me personally it would be very `` weird '' if i meet these people and they say to me `` i 'm bisexual '' . 
  what i am supposed to say ? 
  keep in mind where i live i have only seen 3 gay people , obviously no one of them admitted they are gay but people knew it . 
  man , europe is so different from the west to the east . 
  and yet people ask me why i go to fyrom to put gas and fuel . . 
  i believe the common greek person can understand the general meaning of an ancient text and give you the summary but only few people can translate it on point . 
  in my life i have n't seen this kind of people . 
  interesting . 
  what is biphobia ? 
  no problem bratan, 
  i doubt this people believe in europe, 
  you should n't, 
  2-3 months full training not 9 months and you clean the 8 of them . 
  well , we have it in greece . 
  i can say that it is both good and bad . 
  this survey is on point . 
  look man , i understand your frustration and i will give you one example . 
  some ultra nationalist politician from fyrom can say : we are gon na take thessaloniki and the whole macedonia region . 
  at first maybe if i hear it i would be angry . 
  but then i consider : `` how this retard plan to do this thing when in my village i have more tanks than in his whole country '' . 
  this politicians exist everywhere , greece , albania , turkey , serbia , bosnia , croatia , fyrom etc. 
  they are populists , they say this things because to give false hope and to hide the real problems . 
  sorry for bad eng . 
  empty words .
