  let 's be serious and pay attention to these kind of people . 
  i do not understand what is that, 
  in greek, 
  if that 's the thing that you put in the roof of your house to have hot water because of the sun , then yes i have it in mine . 
  trust me , you will like it . 
  it 's exactly what you describe . 
  maybe it 's a bit too hot in the summer . 
  thessaloniki is the answer you want . 
  good weather , best nightlife , low cost , very safe , full of restaurants and cafes and gyms , not very big . 
  visit nafplio ( first capital of greece and for me the most beautiful greek city along with corfu ) and visit monemvasia . 
  i would suggest to avoid sparta but you can visit it if you want . 
  no its not . 
  it has many places to visit you probably dont know about . 
  where did you go ? 
  ( answer if you want ), 
  what we can understand from this statistics is that orthodox people have strong faith in god . 
  and that most poor countries have higher faith in god than rich countries . 
  two biggest cancers of the world, 
  you are overreacting, 
  you know that he cant do anything , right ? 
  it depends but probably not . 
  been there like 1 year ago . 
  it 's impressive but i have seen better things . 
  also , it can get fucking cold and windy there in the winter . 
  not much really . 
  okay , let 's take it one by one . 
  1 ) it 's in the news but not as something `` breaking '' . 
  2 ) white nationalism as a term , is something that most of the european people can not comprehend . 
  bar england and france and maybe germany to a lesser extent you would struggle to find black people . 
  3 ) the removing of the confederate leaders statues is wrong . 
  4 ) the racial tensions in usa are a daily phenomenon , that 's what happens when you live in a multiethnic country . 
  5 ) racial tensions do not exist on greece since like 99 % of the population is the same race . 
  racism here is more about the country you are from or maybe your religion . 
  no i dont think so, 
  athens easy, 
  you should avoid gypsy segregated communities/districts such as dendropotamos . 
  most germans i 've encountered are really good people, 
  a bit, 
  what ?? 
  : oooo, 
  one of them lol, 
  http://www.enetenglish.gr/?i=news.en.article&amp;id=1769 fucking interesting is n't it, 
  yeah , i think around 3 % of our words come from turkish . 
  yes ez lyfe i can understand 8/10 times from what country is someone, 
  eat your food or the gypsie will come and take you . 
  eat your food or the hoxha will come and take you . 
  mine, 
  surely we were probably the first ones in many of these things . 
  but that does n't mean that we were the most important in all of them . 
  but to answer your question , probably yes . 
  nope , but maybe i have different view to bigotry than you for example, 
  bosnia to some extent and albania are in a category on their own i think . 
  actually , in ex-ottoman countries muslim women do n't usually marry non-muslim men ( 99 out of 100 ) . 
  it was very strictly forbidden during the ottoman empire and for it to happen they need many many permissions . 
  the indians you saw are gypsies and the blacks are africans that come here by ships or whatever . 
  they can be very annoying at times . 
  for example they will put the bracelet in your hand even if you tell them that you are not interested for 150 times . 
  a problem, 
  sweden, 
  yes in every way, 
  there are tons of dialects in greece . 
  cretan , cypriotic , pontic , islandic , epirotic , thracian , vlach , peloponnesian and many more . 
  some are easily understandable some are not . 
  there are some stereotypes here and there , not pleasant stereotypes , but it 's mainly in the old generation and now they do n't really matter . 
  of these dialects i speak pontic , probably one of the hardest . 
  you can google it . 
  maybe you will find it as `` romeika '' . 
  yeah , saw many 2 years before , only spoke with one of them in a cafe that he was sitting next to me , was a rich bastard in syria or wherever he came from . 
  good guy all around . 
  autistic fucking hypocrite bastards , hooligans that all they want is violence , terror and they do not tolerate anything , actual fascists . 
  that 's why i want to to put them into a pit , them and golden dawn supporters , and let them fight till last man standing . 
  no only fire and earthquake, 
  do n't speak on behalf of europe . 
  you can say that in your country ancestry does n't mean anything . 
  in other countries it does . 
  in football fields xaxaxa, 
  the yellow rose of texas, 
  exactly , i think not even aegean . 
  only cyprus is still talked seriously in politics because obviously it needs a solution . 
  look , i wo n't talk about the ancient times where half the world was like hellenic and stuff like that . 
  because no one says for example `` alexandria ( egypt ) is greek give it back etc. '', 
  or `` sicily is greek '' . 
  people mainly talk about recent history . 
  so here are the regions that people say that are historically `` ours '' and many want them back because of our recent wars etc etc. 
  1 ) [ northern epirus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_epirus ) 2 ) [ eastern rumelia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_rumelia ) 3 ) [ east thrace ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/east_thrace ) 4 ) all the aegean islands , even the little rocks , that do n't belong to greece . 
  5 ) most of the west coast of turkey . 
  cities like smyrni or marmaris or bodrum etc. 
  6 ) [ pontus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pontus_ ( region ) cities like trabzon etc. 
  7 ) obviously cyprus not like what is today . 
  8 ) and if you go to extreme ways some still claim all the coast of the black sea region . 
  to be fair all the cities around black sea used to have many greeks . 
  ( costanta in romania , sevastopol , odessa in ukraine , crimea generally etc. ), 
  but i think this is done by people that come from there . 
  generally many cities and regions mainly in turkey , bulgaria and albania . 
  maybe i forget some . 
  but obviously it does n't play big part in politics as i can understand . 
  they focus on other issues . 
  just geography, 
  i will explain it simply . 
  the people that are now 70-80-90 years old have been in so many wars , genocide , poorness , struggle , killings , civil war , being refugees , they know about hunger and cold .
