  this country is something made by tito . 
  a macedonian can never be slav . 
  you see i do that and most of them do that . 
  the economies support each other very much , especially greece supports fyrom . 
  but when i see statues of alexander the great , or they rename their airports and stadiums to ancient macedonian names , i cant accept that . 
  if they want to be a part of the eu and nato and whatever of this alliances they have to have respect and do n't falsify history . 
  that 's literally what skopians do . 
  no one recognises it officially though . 
  you can call yourself whatever you want . 
  like republic of northern cyprus or kurdistan . 
  let me give you a little context . 
  in modern day turkey there is an area called cappadocia . 
  from there there was a greek saint of the church named st basil . 
  imagine now turks say that st basil was a turk . 
  that is what skopians so with alexander the great or with st cyril and methodius . 
  i can give you thousand examples like for example st george or whatever . 
  i would lose many things , but most importantly as a macedonian , it would hurt me very much if a slav called himself macedonian . 
  hahahaha your attitude pretty much sums up the `` foreigner-doesnt-know-anything-about-the-situation-but-i-still-have-an-opinion '' attitude . 
  either you have something personal against greece or greeks or either ( most likely ) you do n't understand how things work . 
  it does affect my country and my living very much, 
  if you really think that you have no connection to reality, 
  vardarska republic of skopje choose one or say goodbye to the eu for the next 12500000 years, 
  what you can not understand from that he was not beaten because he was shopping on sunday , is this hard ? 
  of course i am not excusing violence of the anarchist idiots , but the reason was something else . 
   the term `` mass '' is generally used only of latin church celebrations of the eucharist , while the eastern orthodox church , oriental orthodox church , and the various eastern catholic churches use terms such as `` divine liturgy '' really i am not here to talk about church, 
  mass is catholic . 
  liturgy is orthodox . 
  who told you i 'm religious lol and we do n't have mass in orthodox church, 
  do you really think that this person was beaten because he was shopping on sunday ? 
  the anarchoretards probably saw something and beaten him, 
  i think it depends on what the majority wants, 
  private workers like layers and works like that possibly work , construction workers and other jobs like that stop at 2 o'clock and the public sector stops at 2 i think . 
  people just do n't go to shop anything that hour , it 's a combination because of heat and tradition . 
  hahaahah you sir you are brainless . 
  first of all if you come to live in greece , you will see that no one is going outside to buy anything in the hours that the shops are closing , meaning 2-5 approx . 
  `` my money is paying for you '' ahahhaah if you truly believe that i just cant bother talking to you . 
  my opinion is that in sunday you do other things for many reasons . 
  remember you are working to live and you are not living to work . 
  for me personally , sunday is associated with church in the morning , big family gathering in the noon to eat all together maybe in the village ( not only for example mother father and son & daughter but with grandmothers uncles etc. ), 
  then in the afternoon go watch football game in the stadium , then in the night outside for a drink and then sleep and work on monday . 
  and i 'm not a leftist or communist or whatever but i dont want to live my life like a slave . 
  for me , the right thing is to not work on sunday . 
  this is how i learned . 
  sunday is for another things and not for working . 
  when you speak about paok you should wash your mouth with chlorine, 
  loooooooooooooooooool what, 
  nah , do n't think so, 
  ah how much we have fallen . . 
  trust me , one of the worst people . 
  for some reason i expected sergio, 
  i know the insult , \u03ba\u03b9\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9\u03b4\u03bf\u03c2 , meaning the one who moves the shame idk how to translate it in english exactly . 
  i know for example if two men who had political rights ( elect someone and be elected ) would fuck , that was a big shame . 
  but if they fuck a little boy it was ok , because in that way he was made a real man . 
  or if they fucked a slave woman/man it was no problem . 
  maybe i am wrong in some parts . 
  actually , homosexuality was n't a concept like it is today , it was a bit different, 
  again this bullshit poll . 
  the questions they ask are very very idiotic and it 's just common stereotypes for jews , especially in greece . 
  greece is not very anti-semitic . 
  its just bullshit questions . 
  water is wet, 
  hahaha very true, 
  no i mean more radical . 
  people all over the balkans are what we call `` conservative '' . 
  most albanians in fyrom and kosovo are radicalised . 
  i 'm not albanian lol i just know many albanians if that 's what you mean, 
  yyyyyy, 
  fyrom has very big albanian muslim population that tends to be more radical than normal albanian muslims from albania . 
  every fucking damn thing, 
  i think greece 48c is from yesterday from the city of larissa . 
  i think for example at least 12 days we have 40 + in july . 
  anyway the thing is that to right now is 40 and i am nowhere near the sea . 
  idk if you live in greece but 40 is `` common '' in the summer . 
  happens every year many times . 
  i do it but i do n't go to bulgaria i go to fyrom . 
  it 's cheaper for me to drive 30 minutes to fyrom , full the car , eat something , and come back than just full the car in greece . 
  because as shit greece may be , it will never be like the shitholes they used to live, 
  what you say is partly true . 
  but it 's about all dialects not only vlach dialect or bulgarian slavomacedonic or whatever . 
  even the most hellenic dialects are `` dying '' . 
  they are vlachs . 
  but i think the younger generations dont speak this dialect too much . 
  for some reason greeks from cyprus know better english than greeks from mainland greece, 
  paok, 
  russia with a tsar is totally different from ussr first of all . 
  secondly they did n't only help with navarino , it 's easy to open a book or just google . 
  kapodistrias , crete , general support in most wars etc. 
  they have helped us and we have helped them . 
  they helped us in our fight for independence from the ottomans . 
  yes it was no . 
  and although what you show is correct , this conflicts are nowhere near what happens to syria . 
  technically i can find you tons of this conflicts everywhere , obviously not at this scale , even in europe . 
  with refugees who are fleeing war , meaning syrians , i have no problem if europe would take all syrians . 
  they kind of did the same when we had this troubles . 
  really . 
  but with economic migrants from : pakistan , somalia , sudan etc. 
  i wish we would take none of them . 
  we have plenty of europeans without jobs , we have plenty of europeans that are poorer than them . 
  that 's my honest opinion . 
  it 's not a strong economy though .
