  in europe , since we all are pretty much white , racism is about country . 
  that 's how i see it at least . 
  so racist groups or white power groups and stuff like that are almost impossible to find . 
  common racists ? 
  you can find many . 
  maybe 1 out of 3 is racist to some extent . 
  but i dont think its a very big problem . 
  at least in my country i dont think you will have a problem unless you somwehat provoke . 
  well , all my family are refugees from modern day turkey so from 1921-22 they live in greece , but i can trace my family tree from 1830 or something . 
  very common and sometimes are done by the people ... 
  it 's the same . 
  they do n't care about us , we do n't care about them . 
  just business . 
  no its not safe if you go there you will see only black and brown people and when you enter the city you will see a huge banner `` allah akbar '' and if you are white they cut your throat, 
  dimitris giannakopoulos dpg7000, 
  yeah obvs people claim lands from turkey , albania and bulgaria because many come from there but from political parties you can hear it from only a few like golden dawn or some other right wing parties . 
  no we work 8 hours everyday . 
  but it depends on the job i am saying again . . 
  maybe 7 to 3 or 7.30 2.30 , again i say it depends on the job but the standard in greece is that in the noon shops and generally the market pretty much closes , so people go at homes eat all together and sleep . 
  people dont think about them that much but i think they are seen positively through movies or stories or fairy tales . 
  and people think they do n't exist anymore because they have different view of them in their minds like : feather on the head , names like `` the feather of the eagle '' and stuff like that . 
  the most widely know indian tribe is moicans and apatsi and are used in everyday speaking and in newspapers or stuff like that when they want to prove some points , the other tribes not so much . 
  it depends on the job obviously but mainly people work from 8 in the morning to 2 in the noon or something like that . 
  he is exaggerating extremely, 
  i think if you see a cat during the day , it 's bad luck and you should spit 3 times inside your shirt . 
  ( not like real spit obviously like ), 
  yeah this was common until the 80-early 90s in the rural areas or some islands with closed communities and generally in older years you needed to ask the father of the woman you marry , or you needed to see what dowry ( idk if this is the correct word in english i used it from translate ) the woman has to give etc. 
  and obviously until the 80s it was very criticized and discussed if you married outside of your `` race '' . 
  meaning a vlach should marry a vlach , a pontic should marry a pontic , a cappadocian should merry a cappadocian etc. 
  but thankfully arranged marriages are now very very rare and are now only done by gypsies as far i am concerned . 
  some politicians in the last 40 years, 
  no real choice of a politician, 
  can u tell me what or who was unfriendly to you in greece ? 
  well , i have n't but my mother has gone in religious tourism in egypt and jerusalem . 
  back then it was perfectly safe . 
  maybe you are just really beautiful ? 
  also obviously black tourist women is not something you see everyday in europe but i 'm surprised when you said france or spain because they have more diversity in races , especially france . 
  very, 
  obviously most of the people will say the capitals and i will say this too . 
  for countries i think the most smug idk maybe germany or netherlands ? 
  the original surname of my family was very long . 
  so when my grandparents went to germany in the 60s or 70s and they wanted to register themselves for work people could n't write or pronounce their surname . 
  so the goverment said to them : from now on your surname is papadopoulos . 
  and voila , one more papadopoulos family . 
  the most common surname in the whole greece and the way we got that name is very funny actually, 
  idk if you understand what turkifing is . 
  in the past , if someone would change from christianity to islam became a turk . 
  that is turkification , you dont magically become a mongol with slanted eyes . 
  i really do n't care about economics in war but trust me killing and raping and stuff like this that happen in war are fucking fucking bad and some people that advocate for war think war is something like call of duty where you can die and respawn . 
  now , answering your question , hypothetically , most of the west coast of turkey and obviously all thrace would be greek . 
  also , pontos black sea region , from sinopi to georgia also greek . 
  then maybe cappadocia and i think that 's about it . 
  some cities you might now that were `` greek '' are istanbul , izmir , edirne , trabzon etc. 
  2600 easily, 
  nikos aliagas and probably some greek american actors that i do n't know the names, 
  i have more chances banging margot robbie than this happening, 
  most of them are the turkified , what 's your point ? 
  more time in greece . 
  they dont . 
  they insult each other and call each other names . 
  extremists fight with hands all the time . 
  2 times a day and i use head and shoulders , wash and go or whatever my mom has bought, 
  not very good and the other thing you mention the transitioning i think is unheard of . . 
  haha yes there are more but unfortunately people stopped making new ones because they have to pay a tax that is called `` luxury law '' and with google earth and that shit it 's not easy to deceive it, 
  unfixable, 
  idk really , among many songs they 've cut this and some more . 
  and they 've cut more things like an article of the economist that said religion is the main cause of war or they insisted that it should be stated that yoga is a religious practice and not something else . 
  for greece , i would say yes it is . 
  church leaders , obviously , have no say in the economic laws and stuff like but in education and especially in religion class in school , ministers need permission from the church when they want to add-change something . 
  now we have a leftist government they tried to change some things and many were cut . 
  for some reason the minister tried to add rihanna - umbrella among other songs in religion class , and obviously the church did not allow it lol . 
  anyway , generally they are in touch with politicians because the priests ( and other people who work in church , that i dont know the words for them in english ) are public servants and they are many people . 
  now , in the community , in my opinion , they have a big influence in the small cities and in all the villages and less in cities like athens or thessaloniki . 
  for example , if you live in a village with 500 people and you do n't get along with the priest and the majority of people like him , you will probably face some difficulties , but obviously not something very serious . 
  like for example if you will go to the mini-market they will give you the oldest bread , or in the local cafeteria people will not hang with you easily , or stuff like that you know . 
  or if you need an extra tractor for your field maybe nobody is willing to give it to you . 
  but mainly in generations 40 + . 
  this is from personal experience , and if you live in a village , you know this is true . 
  the wealth part , is actually here in greece very much discussed . 
  it 's true that church is probably one the wealthiest companies in greece in terms of land owned . 
  what it 's not true , and people do n't understand it , is that they are normally taxed , like every other company . 
  you can see it on the government sites if you want to . 
  now , if we had a referendum tomorrow to separate state and church , i do n't think that would pass . 
  i believe that it would be like 65-35 in favor to keep it the way it is . 
  and this would happen for many reasons that people do n't understand . 
  but i do n't think that this referendum will happen anytime soon . 
  the vergina flag is very widely used in the real macedonia . 
  skopians have no authority on this . 
  of course . 
  in all greece except eastern thrace where `` muslim greeks '' live , pretty sure you ca n't get elected if you are muslim or whatever other religion than greek orthodox . 
  if you are atheist i do n't think anybody cares very much , ok some do , like our prime minister is atheist . 
  but obviously we have `` muslim greeks '' in our parliament they are elected in eastern thrace . 
  while what you say is true , people in greece have a different view on byzantine empire maybe than what you think . 
  i can say that people view it as their own . 
  they see it like every other greek empire . 
  and still many people call themselves `` romans '' to this day . 
  equal, 
  `` were you born in a boat ? '', 
  why would n't they be, 
  literally i dont think anyone cares,
