too many muslims . 
  mohammad took a lot of the qur ` an from the bible and the torah as well as some predominant arabic traditions at the time . 
  banning interest is something from the bible that mohammad fancied to take after he married his child bride . 
   1 . racial prejudice or discrimination 2 . a belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/racism which definition is n't full of shit , meriam-webster or wikipedia ? 
  hmmm ... 
  i see where you 're coming from . 
  honestly when i saw richard dawkins and sam harris being describes as bigots and racists on left wing papers ( i think it was on the guardian and huffpost ) , it really bothered me and shows that bias is going both ways - xenophobes and those who wont allow criticism of islam . 
  as you say , it leaves no place for people to have even a civil discussion . 
  honestly i do n't blame racists and xenophobes as much as i blame delusional liberals who are expected to be more responsible and stand up for islamism when they aught to without being afraid of being labelled racists or bigots . 
  i 'm an arab myself and consider myself very liberal , however sometimes i wonder if i should compromise some of my beliefs so as to support the more conservative politicians who are willing to be more hardline against islam when it treads on the toes of modernism . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a nice thing to shout out insults , but i still think that it can not be categorized as racist and aught to carry as much stigma when done against islam as against any other belief . 
  the fact that there are racist groups who do bash islam and muslims does n't mean that we should directly associate anyone who dislikes islam with a white supremacist group . 
  you want to avoid generalization and you seem to do it yourself in this case . 
  white supremacists also tend to be pro-christianity or odinists , should i associate anyone who supports preaching christianity and norse religions with racism ? 
  it 's funny you find that difficult to believe . 
  yes apostates do tend to get executed , but fortunately i do n't live in the muslim world anymore ( not that i 'm publically identifying myself as an exmuslim ) . 
  might as well put everything under racism since it 's convenient to jewcunt . 
  hating cabbages ? 
  that 's racist !, 
  do n't like windows ? 
  racist !, 
  infact your username should probably also be in the list - oh wait , it 's okay for jews , just do n't insult muslims . 
  ridiculous . 
   by ignoring the racial connotations often associated with muslims you 're only allowing the issue to continue . 
  what issue exactly ? 
  distaste for islam ? 
  in the absence of violence , why is that even a problem ? 
   when / r/worldnews [ 1 ] talks about `` muslims '' they are n't exactly referring to white converts . 
  nor are they talking about black people . 
  their talking about people who hold certain beliefs . 
  people are allowed to dislike and even hate certain beliefs . 
  islam has absolutely nothing to do with race . 
  the two are n't even related in the slightest to even mix up the issue . 
  it 's like russians calling me a racist if i insult communism . 
  comparing / r/worldnews to a fan club of a white supremacist who went on a murdering rampage simply because they criticize islam ? 
  i think it 's close enough . 
  i 'm an exmuslim and relate very closely to this subject . 
  well yes , in this case you are delusional . 
  believing in a religion has absolutely nothing to do with race . 
  you have arabs who left islam ( like myself ) and europeans who convert to islam . 
  statements like islam is a shit religion founded by a pedophile has ** zero ** race connotation . 
  and you 're mindless labelling is only hampering freedom of criticism - however base my insult to islam and muslims is , when it ( unfairly ) carries the stigma of being labelled racist , then any criticism of islam will start to be considered bigotry . 
  heck , even dawkins and harrison have been called racists when they started criticising islam - purely because of idiots like you . 
  is communist-bashing different from muslim-bashing ? 
  because it should n't since both are people following a set of ideas . 
  so if i 'm allowed to go out and insult communists publicly , i do n't see why i should n't be able to do so with muslims . 
  it might be distasteful , but it 's still not racist . 
  it does n't matter . 
  religion is not a race , you should be able to be as verbally stupid as you want with religion without repercussions . 
  in the same sense as i can walk out in public and say `` fascists are dicks '' i should also be able to say `` muslims are dicks '' without being labelled a racist by delusional liberals . 
  it 's a belief , not a race . 
  edit : funny thing is , if i went out and said `` christians are dicks '' i 'd still wont be labelled a bigot . 
  the difference between islam and christianity today is that muslims are still living in the mindset of medieval christianity . 
  the moderate muslims today are comparable to fundamentalist christians in europe . 
  a moderate muslim at best is still homophobic and does n't believe in equal gender or sexual rights ( as much as they claim otherwise , their idea of what gender equality is is clearly misogynistic ) . 
  the gap between the moderate muslim and the extremist is indeed growing as moderates adopt more western values , but we 're definitely still not there yet where we can truly consider most moderate muslims fully integrated with europe . 
  is hating communists also considered bigotry and racism ? 
  because as far as i 'm aware islam is not a race . 
  the biggest issue europe fails to deal with is the growing islamism inside simply because you feel addressing it or criticizing blatant misogyny and inhumane beliefs and practices within islam as racist . 
   r/worldnews , on the other hand , has turned into the anders breivik fanclub since 6 months ago or so . 
  this is the biggest problem in europe : criticism of islam is equated to racism and bigotry . 
  those spying equipment were only there to protect the canon we built under europe !, 
  you underestimate the influence religion has on its followers . 
  a threat of disobedience to god , creed or faith might have more effect on some people than any government enforced law . 
  i did an image search of basques hoping to find a map of the region . 
  [ not dissapointed . 
  exmuslim here , all muslims i 've ever met -- without a single exception -- believe in those views in that video . 
  honestly i 'm not surprised . 
  liberals bend over backwards to please muslims that it 's actually ridiculous most of the time . 
  i 'm an exmuslim myself and most exmuslims i know are either centrist or right wing because of how useless the left is . 
  what the hell are you on about you idiot ? 
  are you comparing women in saudi arabia who are n't allowed to travel without permission from a male relative , have a strict dress code and treated like chattel with a girl who took on a job showing a bit of skin in europe ? 
  you 're a fucking idiot . 
  wow , seeing how small europe 's land mass is compared to the us , it really goes to show europe took on a huge number of immigrants . 
  you know what 's sad ? 
  that the people defending islamic extremism are so-called liberals with their misguided idea of what tolerance means while it is people like us ( i 'm syrian ) who are directly effected by islamic fundamentalism the most keep trying to bring this topic to the table and keep getting sensored . 
  this is the reason why a lot of young people escaping muslim families turn more right wing -- because the left is defending fundamentalism and silencing criticism under the guise of tolerance . 
  that 's just a hipster being confused for a homeless guy . 
  it happens . 
  what 's your point ? 
  sexual frustration is what does it i think . 
  a lot of communities that segregate genders do n't only treat women like property to be used and abused , but they also have a hunger that gets over whelmed when they move to a liberal country . 
  lived in saudi arabia for 8 years . 
  women are constantly harassed . 
  ca n't be bothered but if you search youtube you 'll find several videos of arabs harassing veiled women . 
  all what i 'm saying is that `` proud of being part of a group of people '' from several centuries ago is meaningless . 
  how far in history do you want to go with your national pride ? 
  because the further back you go the more alien `` your people '' are . 
  we share cultural heritage with a fairly shit load of peoples around the world i just find it absurd to have that much national pride . 
  do n't take it personally , i think the idea of nationalism in general is n't that popular in europe . 
  speaking of which , i never realised armania is european ... 
  you 're also part of gengis khan 's group of people . 
  hear hear !, 
  oh so because several decades ago europe had bad leaders , europeans today should n't have any objection about other countries loosing their democracy and turning into dictatorships . 
  stop with this nonsense white guilt , you 're an embarrassment . 
  what does trump have to do with this conversation ? 
  yes , homosexuality carries the death penalty in both iran , ksa and all countries implementing sharia . 
   you 're clearly one of those converted muslims what are you on about ? 
  i was raised a muslim and grew up in the mideast .
