exactly , that 's what i mean . 
  the uk is the tax haven on the doorstep . 
  who needs the cayman islands when there 's a corrupt tax haven on your doorstep ? 
  do you need any of that when this was clearly a terror attack ? 
  does n't matter if it was ira , is or thomas mair ... it 's clearly terror . 
  terror attack + no information on attacker = isis/muslim/immigrant . 
  that 's how it goes , right ? 
  in the grand scheme of the world , europe is pretty damn safe . 
  how many did the fash get moron ? 
  majority of left votes went further left , christ voters to rutte and rutte to wilders . 
  more logical answer than ` leftist ' voting fash . 
  the green vote jumped up though ... do n't you think it more likely that * that 's * where they went ? 
  edit : also , `` a lot of bernie supporters '' did n't vote trump . 
  90 % supported clinton ... so you 're just pulling this out of your arse . 
  * liberal left libertarian leftists do n't really get what leftist policies require . 
  on very , very specific and very minor issues she 's left of macron ... any leftist who votes for le pen has forgotten all of our ideological past vs hers . 
  front national was founded by a literal nazi collaborator . 
  probably wo n't be able to use a ballot paper anyway . 
   not because i think the soldiers involved are `` mine '' , i do n't see any need to project some misguided political falsehood onto a situation like this . 
  you do n't have to , but at least accept that others do . 
   i used to be one and i 've known and know many soldiers in my life , if you think he sees himself as a `` european soldier '' then i 'm willing to be that you ca n't say the same . 
  so you know nothing about their political or cultural loyalties . 
   you and the person you originally replied to are the first people i 've ever seen call soldiers from another country `` our soldiers '' , that 's why i replied . 
  i do n't specify soldiers when i talk about anything . 
  i 'd rather soldiers not be glorified to the extent that they are , like war criminal marine a. 
  #  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  if you think people here would agree with you on this then you 're further gone than i thought . 
  well you 're so offended that a european might call another european brethren that i can only assume that you 're one of the 40 or so brexiters . 
  what is it with you lot getting so pissed off about european solidarity ? 
   not least because the soldier himself almost certainly does n't see it like that you know the soldier personally do you ? 
   you 're projecting a delusion onto a very real situation what delusion ? 
  i say `` we '' when talking about europe . 
  many people do . 
  gibraltar overwhelmingly voted to remain , so you 're in the minority where you are about this . 
  or maybe we should only say `` we '' when it 's from our town or street ? 
   where are the christian terrorists ? 
  usa , canada , northern ireland , just this week in [ france ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-39292755 ) . 
   in most major german cities in the high schools muslims are dominating and suppressing non-muslim people . 
  this is possible because the muslims are the majority in those schools . 
  german and non-german girls who are non-muslims are forced to cover their hair if they want to get spit on her hair . 
  they are in called christian sluts if they wear short skirts . 
  even in the streets in areas where muslims are the dominating majority . 
  where is the evidence of this ? 
   in rotherham , in the uk british girls have been enslaved by pakistani muslims . 
  christ , how many times will you bring up a case that has been tried and sentenced ? 
  there are numerous other cases of paedo rings in the uk from christians . 
  you 've heard of the catholic abuse scandal ? 
  or operation yewtree ? 
   there is no other form of islam then the one which is taught in the koran further proving your ignorance . 
   are you a muslim ? 
  just curious . 
  i 'm not a muslim , i 'm an atheist and not a racist . 
  i think all religions are batshit , but people have a right to believe what they want so long as it does n't harm anyone else . 
  you however are happy to ignore all the crimes committed by non-muslims in favour of screaming `` radical islam '' because of a tiny number of crimes . 
  should i hold all germans to account for the 1940s ? 
   `` of some form '' means : not you know there were pantheistic religions before monotheism , yes ? 
  zeus , kronos , etc. 
  you also seem to have missed `` all comparable to neighbouring non-muslim nations '' but why actually read what i 'm saying ? 
   check above where i quoted what is going on here in germany . 
  and since you are in uk just look at rotherham and how thousands of english girls i enslaved by muslims there . 
  so a minority . 
  a very , very slim minority committed a crime that is also committed by white christians over and over . 
  if there were no muslims in europe , do you really think that there 'd be no terror or rape or paedophilia ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'm saying that majority of muslims in the west do not want fundamentalist islam in politics or at all . 
  you clearly understand that bosnian muslims are n't largely radicalised ... so why not take that tiny extra step to realise that majority of global muslims are n't radicalised , ever fewer in the west . 
   well sure but even some non-religious countries ( fe greek empire ) had more human rights than islamic ones . 
  greece has been a religious nation of some form for thousands of years . 
   muslim countries still do n't have them bosnia & herzegovina , lebanon , nigeria ... all comparable to neighbouring non-muslim nations . 
   and as a consequence the majority of muslims makes a country loosing it human rights , which makes the eu refugee politics looks really stupid . 
  give me an example of this . 
  what is wishful thinking ? 
  a lot of us in europe * do * see ourselves as european . 
  even if you 're wanting to separate down to parishes in cornwall , the rest of us are wider minded . 
  do n't put too much on the people of the uk wanting to learn anything about europe . 
   actually no religion is quoting that unbelievers are not having a right to live - except of koran . 
  `` and he that blasphemeth the name of the lord , he shall surely be put to death , and all the congregation shall certainly stone him : as well the stranger , as he that is born in the land , when he blasphemeth the name of the lord , shall be put to death . '', 
  - bible  still the eu wants to let millions of muslims into our countries . 
  that 's just stupid and dangerous . 
  tiny percentage of eu is muslim . 
   btw i do n't have any problem with people from other races , i just have a problem with people that are trying to suppress and dominate others . 
  like you 're trying to do with muslims . 
  their views and beliefs are wrong but yours are perfectly reasonable ? 
  where is islam suppressing or dominating in europe ? 
  bosnia & herzegovina has a very large muslim population and is n't killing non-believers or instituting sharia law , you 're also aware that there are sectarian forms of islam ? 
  it 's like saying that methodists and catholics are the same . 
  not yet , but it 's commonplace for those of us in europe not obsessed with tiny regions to see it as our own . 
  they do n't . 
  look at bosnia & herzegovina , they have the largest muslim population in europe ... no sharia law ... kinda shoots your whole argument down does n't it ? 
  fascism alone gives you fewer human rights . 
  the bible also says to `` kill the unbelievers '' , so should we ban all religion ? 
  i 'm guessing you 're fine with a religion if it 's mostly white . 
   look at turkey and all middle east countries , they have been once non-muslim as well . 
  yeah ... and european nations were once non-christian . 
  if you go back far enough you could say that they were all once non-religious . 
  arguably they meant eu , not belgian . 
  which is still far fewer than the number of gun attacks that the us has . 
  i doubt it , rutte has more in common with the left than the far-right . 
  different electoral system . 
  the dutch were far smarter than us brits in the creation of their current system .
