nope the land was ours we were living just fine assyrians / armenians and pontians . 
  do n't forget assyrians . 
  you keep cosntanople and let us have our land back and finally have our own republic in pontus . 
  i am triggered why the republic of pontus is not yellow ? 
  and where is the space for the assyrians ? 
  we were n't so many as the armenians http://pontos-genoktonia.gr/sites/default/files/history_images/map_pontos_odiporiko_1.png the yellow area is where we used to be . 
  after the genocide some managed to return to greece , others went to armenia / georgia / russia / america after the communism revolution in russia they were exiled in kazakhstan and other regions of the ussr . 
  while little by little more of us were spread all over the world . 
  now you can find us almost everywhere . 
  the majority is still in greece and areas like georgia / armenia and other former ussr countries . 
  but wherever we are stand next to our armenian brothers ... at least those who are fighting for simultaneous recognition of the armenian , pontian and assyrian genocide . 
  do n't get me starting on that ... i will just tell you that after 14 years i can still remember the cold of crete while i was a student . 
  that year i almost froze to death, 
  because they are stronger and well organised and they will one day accomplish our goal of the genocide recognition . 
  my bank accounts stops me ... 
  the legend says that they even reached the southern part of crete island in cret but i do n't know if its true or not . 
  i am simple pontian i see armenia i absolutely worship it, 
  meanwhile i am freezing in northern greece, 
  i doubt ... for us slovenia is a new destination . 
  now with istanbul out of the picture travel agencies look for a nice and cheap alternative, 
  be strong croatia ... 
  after all those years i can not understand why the tourists do n't respect the traditions of the local destination ... 
  that 's paparoupas he was famous for giving `` blessings '' to women . 
  it 's greek green cola or greek companies like loux or epsa in greece now . 
  i understand what you are saying . 
  the problem is n't if someone wants to work or not on sunday ... the problem is that those who want their shops open on sundays they do n't pay their personnel what they should . 
  i can accept working on sunday as long as the bosses and the companies give the 75 % of the daily salary ( because sunday is a bank holiday ) , give the day off that the workers is entitled to and of course hire one more person if necessary . 
  but none of those shop owners do that . 
  can you guarantee they will do it ? 
  no you ca n't ... no one can ... so why have them worked on sunday when they do n't get extra payment nor day off ? 
  i am a person with common sense unlike you ... i understand that some operations need to be open 24/7 and its understandable to have some workers active on sunday . 
  you do n't need the entire working force of a country to be on foot on sunday . 
  i guess where you are form , people work 24/7 without over times and benefits and are really happy about it . 
  i do feel sorry for all those who work on sundays i am one of them ... the only thing i do n't feel sorry for working on sunday are doctors . . i do not like them . 
  because no one will hire a 45 year old ... and besides after a while you do n't want to live out of fear that you will loose the money that they owe you . 
  usually they give you some pocket money , enough to get by . . but not support your self . 
  you know you ca n't do anything when you are poor and you either live ... like i did and risk being unemployed without the unemployment check , because the boss will never sing that they fired you ... and of course you risk not to find other jobe at all . . and there is the psychological factor that works different . 
  i have worked like her for 3 years ... the result is . . i have n't still received the money that they owe me . . and i lost my insurance benefits ... because the boss di n't pay the insurance . 
  you obviously do n't live in thessaloniki, 
  so what is your point ? 
  since there are already people working like that ... we should force more people to work like that ? 
  i think we should first focus on improving the working conditions on those who already work on sundays before making more people work on sundays . 
  the difference is that internet is essential for some line of works ... buying a tshirt on sunday is n't essential to anyone ... companies will not be bankrupted by not working on sundays , but there might have operational problems without power or internet on sundays ... since i work in tourism and i work during the bank holidays and weekends ... i do n't want other people to live like that ... no one in greece can guarantee that with open weekend companies will hire more people , create more shifts , pay overtime , pay extra for working on sundays , give day offs . 
  if they can guarantee that they will do it . 
  i can accept few open sundays ... but knowing greek reality . . that will never happen . . we will end up working for 12hours 7 days a week ... provided you do n't already do that ... we already work too much as it is . 
  electric power is on a public sector , but not for long . 
  telecom/internet companies all private and they have workers working on shifts for those kind of jobs . 
  after you finish your shift you go and you have your days off . 
  as those companies are usually foreign managed they take care of their personnel . 
  i do n't know the exact details on that sector . . tbh . . but i know they have shifts . 
  so you your argument is the comparison between the overpaid public worker of the power and phone company with the underpaid salesman of the retail private sector ... they are two different sectors both power and phone companies have shifts ... workers change every 8 hours or so ... retail has one sales man/woman working from 9 till 21:00 monday to friday unless its a international company , where they have different timetable ... and they have shifts . 
   what happens if i report an employer  i can only answer from what i know . 
  when my former coworkers reported the company , some of them made an out of court deal and left , some of them left and they decided to press charges and go on trial but the legals system is very slow so they will know what will happen after a decade or so . 
  as soon as my coworker made the reports the company send restricted order for them . 
   if that 's the case , then they would n't be open anyway -- no need to prevent them from opening . 
  heck , even with small stores that are consistently open seven days a week here , like convenience stores or gas stations , i do n't know anything where the owners are present seven days a week -- you hire someone .  that 's its true , but i guess they do work in case they loose their clientele ... or so i think . 
  convenience stores and gas stations are a different story , convenient stores work on sundays supposingly because the super markets are closes . 
   all right , but that does n't mean that any one worker is working seven days a week , 365 days a year . 
  it just means that they 've got a roster of employees , and some number of people do work on a given day  that 's the idea . . to be exact the idea is , you work on sunday but you get extra salary and a day off ... the idea is that by opening on sundays the companies will hire more people ... but they do n't do it . . they just use the same personnel . 
  i doubt that someone will not come to greece beause the shops are closed on sundays ... unless you mean about the attacks . . but i can only answer to that with the example of other countries who suffered terrorist attacks and still recieve touristm . . but o.k let 's face it , no one liked that attack . 
  it 's because i do n't work on sunday and i have free time to kill, 
  i never said it was easy, 
  it 's not excuses its reality . 
  we are trying to fix our system . 
  you should have worried for your payments during 90s, 
  i do n't know she is an old lady she is too hard to impress ... 
  normal time schedule of a retail shop is monday & wednesday 10:00 to 15:00 or even 17:00 , malls and international companies stay open tiill late / tuesday/thursday/friday 10 to 15:00 & 17:00 to 21 `` 00 . . that 's because in the past from 14:00 to 17:00 was the common quiet time , and because it allowed an owner to have a worker for 8 hours without keeping the woker all day ... and saturday 10:00 to 14:00 ... in the past during summer the shops were closed on the afternoon ... but after the arrival of malls and international chains some shops stay open 9 to 2100 ... in highly touristic areas all shops are open all day . 
  if you notice the same workers work from morning till evening , because they do n't hire enough people for creating shifts . 
  one more thing i like to add is that most of those who do n't know the greek reality ... find it difficult to understand why we oppose for shops to be open on sundays ... that 's because in some countries everything works round the clock , following the law etc. . . greek reality is far more different . 
  it 's not easy to understand a messed up system , when you live in a very organised system . 
  first you have to explain me what un  means ... second the sales are not enough to exuse the shops to be open . 
  ... maybe i do n't understand the term correct ... either way it was unfortunate . 
  no you do n't understand ... they do n't pay ... they are obligated by law to do it . . and they do n't do it ... they are not willing to do it ... they just want one more extra day to work . . but to be honest owners dont ' want to be open all week . 
  only big international companies like zara h&m etc want to be open . 
  the majority of the shops for example in my city are all family owned who want one day to rest . 
  they stop them , because those people live in denial and even when you explain your reasons on why they should n't shop on sundays . . they look at you like an alien ... i do n't support what they do , but i understand why they are doing it ... once i was so tired working two weeks in a row that i said to a client `` are you happy that you shop on sundays and support a system that will lead to a 7to 7 working week , leading your children not to have a day off in the future ? ... '', 
  and she looked at me as i was telling her that the earth is flat . . 
  this system ca n't work in greece ... without leading workers to a karoshi ... '' . 
  are there no regulations requiring employers to pay on a monthly or bi-monthly basis or whatever '' no one is protecting the worker ... rules are made to be broken ... i was working for 3 years being paid pocket money instead of a salary ... everybody in greece knows that company ... they have millions of debts in the market and in the government ... guess what the boss is still out there and the company is still open ... there are a lot of companies like that ... around the country . 
  the fan fiction possibilities of that thumbnail, 
  you know what would be nice ... if hungary finally stopped beating us on water polo ... that would be nice for a change ... they always destroy our dreams for a medal ... 
  let 's talk human rights ... first, 
  i want a job on a cruise ship ... 
  what ? 
  that 's the typical beard and moustache that you find among the armenians/pontians and even cretans ... besides turkish have took and turkeyfied a lot of things from the locals when they arrived in the area you call turkey now . 
  that nose is def pontian . 
  he looks more pontian than armenian ... well at least that nose is def a pontian one . 
  my mother did when those type o buses where here in greece ... she said nothing special ... pretty boring . 
  buying a bloody cross / or magnet without asking a receipt will not save our country ... #juststayin, 
  no work on sundays / no shopping on sundays ... we are n't slaves we are workers ... 
  since we are not being paid extra for sundays we do n't work on sundays ... besides the only one shopping on sundays are those ignorant greek villagers ... if tourists want to shop on sundays they can go to the tourist shops that are usually open . 
  i do n't agree with the attack ... and it was not the fault of the tourist that he does n't know how things work in our country ... they were collateral damages ... 
  if the bosses and the government want shops to be open on sundays they should first protect the worker 's right . 
  people in summer resorts work from aprill to october without day offs or extra payments ... some of them even do n't get paid till the end of the season , retail owner do n't pay extra fr sundays they do n't have even 2 shifts obligating the salesmen/women to work for at least 12 hours of the day ... 
  if they want them open for the tourists ... then let me tell you that its the visitors obligation to respect the traditions and the ways of the destination ... not the opposite ... 
  you might have actually saved my life !, 
  that would be an amazing photo if it was taken yesterday ... in the mid of the summer . 
  i speak japanese i am european hire me . 
  only time will tell . 
  history repeating ... what is next another genocide ?
