  if i new things like that i would n't have been in reddit , i would had a real life . 
  no you will not , but just in case have passport with you , not only your identity card, 
  well ... if your neighbour 's house is on fire at some point it will reach yours too . 
  i am afraid of a general uproar in the world . 
  well . . that 's a very common thing to do ... only after the coup they have escalated their actions and they have increased the number of violations . 
  one side of my family was a rich family during the 1900 's in trabzon , other part of my family came from the area of mountains around trabzon but after the greek pontic genocide we ca n't actually locate the village in map as it was probably burned down . 
  as far as i know we do n't have interesting individuals from that era , but after coming to greece we have a politician , an historian and an entrepreneur in the family . 
  while i have an aunt in law who is famous for her well established bordello which one of the most famous in greece . 
  great job !!!, 
  you can call constantinople istanbul , it 's easier . 
  you know what ... have fun in the balkans and then write a guide on basic steps to survive balkans . 
  you will become rich in no time . 
  oh do n't make jokes like that ... you will end up dead ... 
  i will make sure you will end up dead . 
  hahah no i am joking ... or am i ? 
  my limit is 3 years ... i think i have an issue of commitment ... i need to do sth about it . 
  i once had a great job , i wanted to work there forever ... but due to crisis it closed . 
  every time i travel abroad the only thing i end up missing is [ greek frapp\u00e9 ] ( http://www.mixanitouxronou.gr/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/greekfrappemixerfrotherbymelampousgreekproducts13_zpsfbc7d0a5.jpg ) and affordable greek olive oil, 
  every swedish song of sabaton . 
  where have you been all my life ? 
  my ideal balkan tour would have started from romania , bucharest - costantza -  bulgaria , varna , nessembar , sozopol , bourgas , plovdiv -  greece , thessaloniki . 
  -  serbia , belgrade novi sad -  croatia , zagreb , plitvice lakes , dubrovnik -  montengro budva -  albania sarande -  greece , corfu island because it has good connections or romania , bucharest - costantza -  bulgaria , varna , nessembar , sozopol , bourgas , plovdiv -  greece , thessaloniki . 
  kastoria -  albania , tirana , sarande montengro , budva croatia , kotor , split durovnik , plitivice lakes , zagreb -  serbia belgrade ... great flight connections oh btw air serbia has an offer from jfk to thessaloniki through belgrade , maybe they have that offer for belgrade as well . 
  now if you go to sofia and do n't come to thessaloniki ... i will be very upset ... very upset ... what 's so great about sofia apart from food , the concerts and the cheap prices . . i need to go back to sofia . . we are friendly to americans , we just get angry by the ignorant tourists who ask offensive questions . 
  so read some history before your visit . 
  really ... anime ? 
  i could n't learn from anime . 
  even now after passing 3kyuu and i still need subtitles . 
  politics and football, 
  2,50 $ 1.000 $ etc or you sometimes you see 12 1/2 $ instead of 12,50 $ or you just do n't write it , because its a price tag and we only use euros so whats point of the symbol . . 
  pontic greek like to fukc everything ... including deities . 
  i only know the teeangers / daft punk and air, 
  living out greek mythology mine is karagkiozis ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karagiozis, 
  no one likes the racist tintin ... he was popular here as well but then we realised he was a weapon of propaganda ... even the belgians dont like him . 
  i watch it everyday ... i like him , i like it when he goes to american barbeques ... i want to go to usa and eat those barbeques and drink milk from the detergent container that they use . 
  this is my opinion i might be wrong . 
  because since the ancient times greece and cyprus were one country ... there were talks even for unification before the invade of turkey in the 70sd ... cyprus is one of the oldest countries that shaped europe history . 
  up until now they ignored it ... now they are trying to figure out what to do . 
  canadians are the coolest people in the world . 
  i think koreans are the coolest people in the world . 
  the least cool nationality in my opinion is ... i do n't know ... americans are o.k but they should study more . 
  ignorance is annoying . 
  there is a nice anime like that , made long before the country balls , my country was portrayed as a cool , happy go lucky guy who slept all the time ... i guess japanese people think we are lazy since we only work 12 hours a day . 
  the fake country of dectas that you are referring to is not a colony it is a settlement . 
  they wanted to make it part of turkey , but they created a new country . 
  so they do n't want to be considered as a colony but a another country . 
  i do n't know the exact etymology of the term colony but here we call them settlers . 
  its is a settlement not a colony . 
  i suppose a colony is a free land where you move people , but what you create is still attached with the metropolitan country . 
  a settlement is a place taken by force and is somewhat more independent from the metropolitan country . 
  no one speaks about it because if they will acknowledge it they will have to acknowledge other countries with similar problems . 
  but that 's my humble opinion, 
  you either live in denial , or isolated in an island . 
  since you told me you are in crete i guess it 's the second . 
  you need to move here in the north . 
  tourkolagnoi everywhere ... at least now they ca n't go to turkey very often and have stopped bothering me , but whenever they can they talk about how awesome turkey is . . just because they have been to edirne and istanbul . 
  other people died for greece too . 
  i respect lord byron , does n't mean that all people out there do . 
  i read a nice book about gossip and scandals `` can you not understand that there were few serbian fighters in greece , and that western european support was bigger ? '', 
  dude i live next to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zeitenlik ) of course i know and i understand ... 
  regarding romania ... let me tell you what my ass knows about it : romanian were more effected by french because their kings were schooled there , their language is latin , there was a big greek community in bucharest and the black sea areas of romania till ceausescu took over and kicked them all out . 
  but still you might find greeks of that time still living in romania . 
  ( should you visit bucharest go to stavropoleos str . ), 
  at some point there were so many romanians living in western macedonia that romania decided to opens romanian language schools and according to a very nice documentary they wanted to expand their influence in the area . 
  so while bulgaria romania and fyrom are christian orthodox they had their reasons to have a strong presence in the area . 
  if bulgarians were faster this part of greece would have been a southern bulgaria . 
  of course serbia would have great relationship with romania . 
  romania is awesome . 
  religion is one of the things that can make a nation called sister . . but no the only one ... i would have said that the interaction between the people is what makes a nation sister but that would n't have been something that you could accept . 
  `` because there are not common traditions and customs between greece and serbia . '', 
  ... at some areas of eastern macedonia they share similar music , similar traditions and similar cuisine . 
  that 's because as a i said there a lot of greek serbians or / serbian greeks who live in the area ... from what i have seen from the folkore dance festivals they make in norther greece every summer the macedonian traditional dances share a lot of similarities . 
  since you triggered me i will write an article about that matter in my work page nexti time i want to promote our belgrace excursion . 
  while you are upset that some of us call serbia sister nation ... there are out there more greeks who aree \u03a4\u03bf\u03c5\u03c1\u03ba\u03bf\u03bb\u03ac\u03bd\u03bf\u03b9 and worship everything turkish . 
  as obviously you do n't like the sister nation term but its there . 
  deal with it . 
  maybe it is used for propaganda maybe is used for us up here to feel safe . 
  either way we like to call them brothers even if they dont . 
  we are not blood related and we do n't have the relationship that we share with cyprus . 
  but we share a bond . 
  should you want anything else send me a message we have spammed this thread enough i believe . 
  i thought you were in love with each other lol, 
  [ and this nice song from sabaton ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdhn3m3omvg ), 
  lord byron was the joke of europe , and yeah we are still grateful about them helping the poor greeks . 
  we are excited to see the paintings in louvre and the botsari metro station in paris . 
  back then serbia was fighting the ottoman empire as well and they continue fighting till the early of 1900 . 
  the greek people fought side by side with the serbian during that time . 
  in the memory of that serbian church every year in the 25 of march makes a. . . how you call mnimosino in english ? 
  that 's we encourage and promote belgrade excursion every year that date . 
  you lack of knowledge for our neighbours is impressive . 
  but that 's probably because you have n't travelled around the balkans a lot . 
  bulgaria is christian orthodox only by name and they are closer to russia than us thanks to communism . 
  romanian have more in common with their latin cousin italia and i do n't know if they are very religious or not . 
  we also have some common words in our vocabulary , we do share our sense of humour but other than that . . back in t he past there were some issues with romania and western macedonia area ... no . . they ca n't be called a sister nation.wish we could cause all the romanians i have met were awesome . 
  fyrom ... let me laugh in macedonian ... 
  i do n't know ask a western macedonian with a serbian heritage , i am pontian . 
  they share some folklore traditions that i do n't really know about cause i was too busy learning my tribes tradition . 
  but they always talk about who similar their customs are . 
  there are so many greek with serbian roots . . mind blowing what ? 
  did n't they welcome exiled people during the civil war ?
