  thank you krisynaz this is a small step for czehch republic but it means the world to us . 
  what do you mean there is no proof ... all [ 8 stages of the genocide ] ( http://www.genocidewatch.org/genocide/8stagesofgenocide.html ) were there . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  if you dont ' think is a genocide , its only because you do n't know what genocide is , and because you underestimate your country . 
  `` the chamber of deputies of the czech republic today approved a resolution , condemning the genocide of armenians and other religious and national minorities in the ottoman empire during the first world war , czech media repored '' does this means that assyrian and pontic greek genocide is recognised ? 
  why ? 
  do you still have queens and kings ? 
  i do n't understand it ... 
  i did n't see that coming ... 
  do n't worry , women of my tribe are descendant of the amazons . 
  i am build to be tough , i will come there ride a bike and save you . 
  how sweet you liked my joke ... you see us , the greek pontic have used humour to heal from the pain of our genocide . 
  talk to me after the commemoration day of our genocide . 
  i will not feel so hurt in june . 
  i will go back to my nice turkish liking personality in june . 
  dude he/she is a kid, 
  well that 's are good news . 
  i do n't worry about you , i trust your engineering . 
  you are notorious for finding solutions . 
  ... hear kind sir have my up vote . 
  if we do that , then all tukish people will gather at aegean coast of turkey , they will pee and they will drown us . 
  they will enter further to greece and they will create a problem to the air traffic . 
  they will create a domino effect to the aviation companies , the flights etc and it will go global . 
  why you want aphrodite when you can have kaphrodite, 
  dear non believers this is a mirage , the true kingdom of gods ca n't be seen by the eye of a mortal . 
  i feel sorry for you , but we ca n't be all be chosen by the gods . 
  may the kaphrodite be kind to you . 
  erisa desu higher priestess of kaphrodite, 
  http://neoskosmos.com/news/en/node/932 but countries who also made similar crimes usually do n't recognise genocides because then they have to admit their crimes ... i do n't know if what i said makes any sense . 
  since 2009 the [ sa parliament has recognised the genocide of pontic greek ] ( http://neoskosmos.com/news/en/node/932 ) back then , there was a huge uproar in australia by the turkish emigrants who threatened the government and the greek community . 
  as for the anzac we know it because during the 100year anniversary of the armenian genocide the australian gov was in callipoli celebrating the 100th anniversary . 
  the main parliament will probably not recognise any genocide because then they have to admit any crimes they did against other tribes . 
  it started during the ottoman empire finished by turkey, 
  no that 's where you are wrong ethnically cleansing is a one time act . 
  the genocide of pontians / assyrians and armenians it was a well planned act following the [ 8 stages of genocide ] ( http://www.genocidewatch.org/genocide/8stagesofgenocide.html ) get your fact straight you embarrassing me . 
  today while i was waiting for the demonstration to start i was listening to the armenians songs and their words sound very similar to the pontian language . 
  at some lyrics i could understand what the armenian singer was saying . 
  even if you separate it the plan of the genocide started during the ottoman empire and it was finished by modern turkey . 
  if it is as you say then the founders of turkey would have used them against the ottomans . 
  something that did n't happen neither to armenians , to pontians nor to assyrians ,, 
  is the mycenaean era the oldest one ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i need to research . 
  no but our church probably does, 
  this year a lot of aloe vera drinks sprouted in greece and there are now 3 main brands one from south korea , one from taiwan and one from vietnam ... and of course the forever aloe products, 
  been to trabzon and istanbul next destination edirne, 
  if you are older than 18 you will need a tone of paper work to obtain the greek citizenship . 
  especially if your father/mother has n't got one , in the end you will be so tired by all the shenanigans that you will not do it . 
  for zombie apocalypse i live close to a cemetery i will be the first to know , in case of war i live close to the banker i will be the first to hide the problem will be in case of war and zombies because the banker is under the cemetery ... in case of magnitude in the city i have a house in the sea , in case of tsunami i have a house in the city . . in case of alien attack ... i have seen enough hentai to know where this is heading ... but knowing my luck i will probably be the first to die , so i have nothing planned . 
  been there done that, 
  i am telling you we will day without ever knowing ... 
   dirnd i would also have asked for a picture . 
  i was working in a very posh bakery downtown where many tourists visit . 
  so whenever i spoke japanese with tourists they wanted to take a picture of me ... 
  slovenia is a new destination for us in greece . 
  so we do n't know lot and we mostly confuse it with slovakia ... but from what i have seen it 's a very beautiful country . 
  greece ... one month . . 
  america : canada europe : sweden ( greece first ) asia : south korea/japan africa : egypt ... ? 
  oceania : new zealand, 
  that 's a tough one ... historical figures get mixed up with mythological figures ... i wonder what that answer would be ... 
  mayimayi sounds kawaiiii, 
  i believe there was an island and it sunk , if we see a lot of greek ancient cities / colones were build in peninsulas so it does not seem impossible that atlantis could have been one . 
  now if they had advanced technology or anything i doubt it ... maybe they had invented something really minor . . and other people spread the news and overreacted . . 
  navy scouts / scouts and some kind of scouts that i do n't know how to translate them ... they are scouts they have nothing to do with religion ... or so i think , but they help everytime a church ask them to . 
  there are some key languages in europe in my opinion that are english / french and russian . 
  because everyone speaks english / with french you can understand italian and spanish and russian for the slavic countries ... but tbh does n't everyone speak english nowadays ? 
  ... well i can write a book ... but the most recent one was in / r/greece when someone asked for gyros made with lamb ... what are we savages ??? 
  we use pork ... for the love of gods ... 
  with my current budget ... 2700 but if i had and sometimes i would have given pocket money to my parents so lets say 2100-2500, 
  let me see ... the greek pontic genocide / the asia minor genocide / the thrakian genocide / the sephradic jewish genocide by the nazis / the attack on cyprus / the civil war / the wwi / the wwii / the dictatorship / . the fire on the boat on the way to italy , 1986 earthquake / the earthquake in aigion , in athens , in lesvos , in thessaloniki . . i do n't know ... i do n't know so many tragic events so little time . 
  i think you like those names because they sound good to your nordic ear ... my mediterranean ear agrees with you on magihonen telamagi seems wrong ... and maginate ... how do you read like magination or like magkina te, 
  nothing with magi on it ... because depending the country they will read it different and we have maggi ... avoid gi in general ... choose something that will make everyone understand that its a japanese product , european companies use japanese names to sell ( see superdry and takeshi kurosawa clothing ) i think mahouen ( mahou + magihonen ) manikon ... i do n't know it would have helped if i knew more ... 
  my parents met like that during the 60s but if they did n't fall for each other they would n't have been married ... some areas of greece had arranged weddings but this is obsolete . 
  greek travel agencies mostly use montenegro as a base for the dalmatian shores trip . 
  truth is ... marketing ... few people known tat montenegro is as beautiful as croatia . 
  distance ... it 's too damn far ... 
  depending the work you do you take a break not for more that 15minutes , we go out for drinks and have fun together . 
  we do n't get paid overtime , and sometimes we take pocket change instead of salary ... usually we work our ass off with minimum profit . 
  native americans are heroes ... they survived a genocide , they are fighters . 
  in my opinion they do n't know how amazing they are and how many great things they can accomplish if they set their mind to it . 
  i was sad to read that there is a big number of native americans with low level of education , that some of them practically live in really poor conditions , i once read an article about the female activists of several tribes . 
  i suppose some of them have to fight their daemons ... but what they need to know is that if they stand united they will accomplish whatever they like . 
  ... i want to live in varna / bulgaria because is a nice city . 
  and i think i would love romania because all tourists from romania have great sense of humour . 
  english was compulsory ... then an extra language would have provided a better future and since knowing piano and french used to be a great example of education , my mother decided for me to learn both . . i failed at piano ... then i wanted to learn german for work , but things happened and i had to quit then i decided to learn japanese ... just because i wanted to speak japanese . 
  my motivation behind learning new languages is that i like to talk a lot, 
  that 's why we found that question stupid in the first place, 
  we say that they broke up ... in greek . . or we call them diazeumenoi which actually translates with no bonds . 
  ( correct me if am wrong greeks ), 
  they are cute, 
  those are not extra letters , they are normal letter with clothes, 
  ... i do n't remember ... you do n't need to have fun i guess . . kids nowadays are busy . 
  school/cram schools/language schools / spot activities outside school etc. 
  we do n't have clubs ... 
  yeah , we have , they sell loukoumades , hot dogs and souvlakia . 
  we do n't have gourmet food tracks . 
  they are nothing like the ones i have seen in the american tv shows . 
  i saw a food truck of paul outside the louvre i was impressed . 
  what i know is , that if i want to find a swedish boyfriend the only thing i have to do is go back to sabaton cruise . 
  as a reddit woman i second that .
