  thank you for mentioning the assyrians everybody forgets them . 
  the assyrians were spread all over the world ... only recently they start to create organisations . 
  with us the greek pontic even the greek government recognised very late the genocide . 
  we could n't start our fights when even in our country our genocide was not recognised . 
  then we moved to europe and some other countries . 
  but the problem is that we are not as strong as the armenians . 
  armenians have strong bonds and do n't fight each other like the greek pontics do . 
  plus the armenians were milions , we were 353000 and assyrians were even less . 
  thank you for posting this i was really busy organising the commemoration ceremony in thessaloniki and i could n't make a post bout it . 
  greek goverment has never actually helped us in any way . 
  it was after the organised efforts of the panhellenic federation of pontian societies and other pontian organisations that the greek goverment finally gave us that date . 
  the greek goverment instead of giving one day for all the greek genocides they gave a different date per tribe in order to keep us divided . 
  armenians greeks and assyrians, 
  hello i am the youth representative of panhellenic federation of pontian socities should you like more bibliography in english i can advise you a bibliography . 
  there is interest is just that you do n't know it . 
  something like that . 
  no of course it was already planned , it was unavoidable , the propaganda of deutsche bank helped as well . 
  tribe , my people whatever you like you can call it . 
  if you like to mess the global aviation industry start with messing around with istanbul 's airport ... you do n't have to fly to greek air space to do that you know . 
  you are causing problems to the commercial flights . 
  stop trying to make us fight the turkish , last time a german pushed turkish against greek my tribe got genocided . 
  \u0399 know bjork and icelandair , that the people of iceland was the first to deal with the economy crisis ... 
  in some areas you have to be aware of the polar bears and that its on my bucket list . 
  yeah i have the same problem too . 
  one day ... one day my friend i will come and then i will know why romania is so awesome . 
  until now there were 3 things i knew about portugal ... today i have learned that spring tides can kill you in portugal ... 
  it 's so hot right now that the radiators have started working on their own ... fml ... 
  you can post it at / r/thessaloniki if you like, 
  it 's a secret gem . 
  that was the point ... 
  i do n't think he/she meant it that way . . there are certain cases in greeece where people got arrested while trying to buy kids from gypsies . 
  i do n't know if they kidnap kids , but sometimes they bring babies from other countries to sell them here or wherever they can in one recent case they a mother gave her baby to the gypsies for them to sell it . 
  i do n't thinks it was a surrogacy matter but a human trafficking . 
  she was pregnant and she wanted illegally to sell the child . 
  regarding culural similarities ... religion food and music is enough for me . 
  unless you are one of those who thinks that siropiasta were invented by greeks . 
  while song remakes is everywhere ... the number songs copied from east are damn too high . 
  i did n't see any tsifteteli song being played in the west . 
  all countries take price in their history of course ... drinking in tavernas it is the same , but not a that level the koreans and we do . 
  should you want to learn more regarding south korea and other countries wach this show named [ non summit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-summit ) i started watching it after the greek was introduced i do n't remember which season was it . . 
  we have [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_cruiser_georgios_averof ) ... but now it 's under [ maintenance ] ( www.protothema.gr/greece/article/673821/xekinoun-apo-tin-tetarti-oi-ergasies-sudirisis-sto-thorikto-averof/ ) . 
  what is weird ? 
  if you read the below comments there are also people who are stating the same . 
  there is a wide mediterranean family with a lot of similarities , oh wait the northern african countries are arabian who would know . 
  when i was a student in crete the foreigners studying together with the greeks were ... wait for it ... from arabic countries ... 
  when you go out in europe guess who will speak greek to you the arabs , ... because at some point they passed through greece . 
  there were a big greek community in egypt long before greeks immigrate to germany ... misirlou is an arabic song ... a lot of popular songs are remakes of arabic songs , while some greek songs become popular to those countries . 
  funny fact andrea papandreous government during the 80s had a great collaboration with the arab world . 
  in his funeral there was a big representation from arabian countries to pay respects . 
  greece is a crossroad of civilisation we have been interacting with other cultures and mentalities for centuries . 
  regarding south korea some common things we have we both respect cherish and take pride with our history both countries have civil war both countries struggle with recognition of war crimes ( see pontian genocide and turkey , and they have the sex slaves and the war crimes of japan ) strong family bonds , children stay with parents till late adulthood ( \u03b3\u03b9\u03b1\u03c4\u03af \u03b4\u03b5\u03bd \u03b5\u03af\u03bc\u03b1\u03c3\u03c4\u03b5 \u03bf\u03b9 \u03bc\u03cc\u03bd\u03bf\u03b9 30\u03c1\u03b7\u03b4\u03b5\u03c2 \u03c0\u03bf\u03c5 \u03b6\u03bf\u03c5\u03bc\u03b5 \u03bc\u03b5 \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5\u03c2 \u03b3\u03bf\u03bd\u03b5\u03af\u03c2 \u03bc\u03b1\u03c2 ) we have a strong coffee culture like us ( \u03ba\u03b1\u03c6\u03b5\u03c4\u03ad\u03c1\u03b9\u03b5\u03c2 \u03c0\u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03bf\u03cd ) both countries share the top spots on plastic surgeries , they are also a very religious nation they also like to eat with their drinks like we do in tavernas . 
  if you pay enough attention south korea has the same stereotypes that greece had at 50s ... things are slowly changing tho . 
  brace yourselves ... summer is not coming ... 
  as a professional in tourism my thoughts about croatians is `` i hate them cause i ai n't them '' . 
  star wars was filmed there as well, 
  ... my fellow european neighbours ... i am afraid that ... summer is not coming ... 
  better food and we have ayhan . . the best turkish restaurant of greece . 
  we are not richer but our poorest village is still better than yours ... 
  first you live in a world of your own so even if explain you my thoughts you would n't note understand them . 
  secondly stop stalking me . 
  he was great reformer for turkey . 
  but for a pontic like me he is equal to hitler, 
  that 's it . 
  a long time ago there was this documentary [ crossing the bridge ] ( https://camerastyloonline.files.wordpress.com/2009/04/image-thumb119.png?crop ) . 
  it changed the way we were looking instanbul and it made more people visit the city . 
  as stoicismus greece has so many similarities with mediterranean countries , as you go north we have my beloved noisy family of the balkans , as you continue north you have other cultures with similarities and as you travel all over europe you realise ... that there is a common ground . 
  what i love is the european capital of culture concept , it makes you meet new cities , new artists unite us ... that and eurovision ... its my guilty pleasure ... but that moment i feel united . 
  i know nothing about your culture except football ... and that you speak a language which has words from all over the world ... oh and macao, 
  ... funny you say that ... because greeks have more things in common with the arabs , since the ancient times they had more interaction with the arabs and the persian tribes than with the european tibes . . wihout this meaning that greeks do n't share some similarities with german ... since germany is full with greek immigrants . 
  oh and while we do n't share a lot in common with japan ... we share a disturbingly a big amount of things with south korea . 
  that 's good to know . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i do n't force anything to you i am stating my opinion ... 
  i just find it weird that you praise someone just because he was born in the right family . 
  believe me if you had corrupted politician your king would n't be able to protect you ... i do n't think nordic countries are better because the monarchies but because of their people . 
  you are nice people up there , you do things for each other . 
  glad you find my discomfort cute . 
  on the bright side no i know why we are called greek republic and not democracy of greece ... and guess what , in my language republic translates to democracy and democracy translates to democracy , i am really sorry that i did n't pay much attention to political studies during university cause i was busy studying tourism . 
  but still having a president is better than having someone for a king just because his father had sex . 
  oh . . an i am not a crusader , i am an atheist greek pontic who wants to go back to her village in trabzon once without being afraid of being arrested , or with fear that the people i talked with will end up in jail . 
  to be honest i do n't know where you live . 
  i would n't lecture you , i would have pointed out some facts , but since i got that but hurt answer from you ... i wo n't bother . 
  you are not open minded and you are not ready for any truth . 
  sooner or later history will prove you wrong . 
  but pay attention to what is happening around you . 
  no i dont . 
  trump is a president of a federation . 
  we have prime minister and president of democracy . 
  the president of democracy is elected by the parliament to act just like your king . 
  the true ruler is the prime minister . 
  i doubt you understand . 
  anyway i would love to teach you and give you information regarding our genocide and what is still going on to pontic who live in turkey . 
  but i dont want to see you getting arrested just because you talked to someone in the internet . 
  for all those we have a president of democracy . 
  he is elected by the parliament and his role does n't pass because someone had a child . 
  we pay him but no all of his lineage . 
  well ... it 's something !, 
  either way i am very happy and grateful . 
  this vote has made me see with a new ye czech republic . 
  if we need to for our genocide to be recognised , we should work harder .
