  good luck . 
  as i said , because i cant test it myself i am sorry but that was all i could find or do . 
  only last chance would be a complete picture per picture upload from you but i guess that wont help much as i cant try out anything . 
  thank you for this chance ,, 
  love all this nice giveaways ,, 
  here take my haiku . 
  that gave me a shiver down my spine . 
  holly nope-edy nope nope . 
  i dont want this . 
  every time i see a pcpartpicker list i look at the price , cry a bit then start the list from the top down :, 
  yes i have it too ,, 
  nearly same ,, 
  yes ,, 
  mine is better ,, 
  okay smaller storage for me is enough ,, 
  wait 980 okay thats nice ,, 
  wait 2 of it ? 
  ** that monitor ? 
  okay i am out . 
  hey it 's me your father . 
   osx, 
  you could still work on osx on your own `` monster pc workstation '' though . 
  i would never say that you have in anyway a bad system . 
  not at all . 
  and if you dont render stuff all day or vm everything there arent that many moments where a better cpu , more ram or ddr4 is needed . 
  i really like your build . 
  * stalked your profile to get some pics ;p *, 
   or they play skyrim ~ ~ while trading ~ ~, 
  thats what i would do at least . 
   air brawl, 
  and / r/nuclearbusiness or, 
  / r/squarebrawl, 
  because the installation instructions for cm13 sultan on xda are this :, 
   first , perform a backup of your existing setup , and then perform a clean install ( wipe / data and / system ; twrp is recommended ) . 
  next , try flashing the rom and see if it installs ; if it installs without any issues then congratulations !, 
  now just flash a google apps package , and then reboot . 
  you have to wipe data wich means your things get lost . 
  ** but ** you can safe your data with titanium backup ( you dont even need pro just root to get all the data . 
  basically perform a backup from your recovery and then a backup with titanium . 
  safe both on your pc . 
  do the flash of the new rom with the instructions from xda . 
  click through the first install . 
  download titanium . 
  reload all of your data . 
  ** as long as you dont wipe your internal data all your pictures , music , downloads and so on are still there **, 
  i did that mistake and lost some of it because my backup was old . 
  - reminder : always do backups of everything you can . 
  this is for cm13 by the way i dont know the installation process for cm12 . 
  for me 13 runs fine but some have problems with battery or wifi . 
  if you have problems just ask . 
  and : if you dont like your new rom you can always go back to the old or a nother one . 
  with your titanium backup you can have all your apps and appdata in every rom that is compatible . 
  techknowledge ( pc or console ) : a + +, 
  i would say because of old marketing ( not knowing about ssd ) or not actually bothering to add that . 
  let me just test this first ... 
  well if it worked for you thats great . 
  for me even the simple variation didnt work because of my twrp version so i tried some more steps out . 
  i guess it depends on what apps you have installed and from wich rom to wich you are changing . 
  actually there is a difference between data and internal data . 
  data is all the things inside your apps and configurations while internal data is your storage . 
  you dont need to delete your pictures and everything of your phone to change roms but you may need to wipe the data . 
  by the way that is why twrp isnt backing up your pictures and stuff too , because its your internal data and not the data partition . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  before i have manually changed that app to dialer but that made a different icon than before . 
  now i am happy again . 
  as long as there isnt that much ashe that there is really not enough air around the laptop i dont think that was the right answer . 
  as far as i know laptop 's dont care about the oxigen or smoke level in the air but only if it is cool enough . 
  you should work on your attitude towards new people i guess . 
  what exactly does expert mode change ? 
  if it is bend and the contacts dont fit completly its lost . 
  thats why 1 small bend pin can change everything . 
  so everything gets much more complicated and harder but the recipes and items stay nearly the same and you dont need to get absurd amounts of something completly useless but of the parts you needed anyway ? 
  so ... you are me ? 
  is [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/yzj6xfr ) good enough to not help them out ? 
  its like an illness infecting this subreddit ... 
  i could just now check it and yes with the 1511 update they option goes away / gets smaller . 
  so microsoft did remove that . 
  this is awesome . 
  thank you op, 
  just ( use res and ) click on source of the comment with the picture, 
  i do n't care , just feel the need to put that out there . 
  congrats then anyway . 
   asus p8h61lmx, 
  i guess you mean the p8h61-m lx mobo ? 
  did you install the official drivers from their [ support site ] ( https://www.asus.com/motherboards/p8h61m_lx/helpdesk_download/ ) ? 
   something more future proof, 
  why not a z170 chipset mobo ? 
  like the maximus viii ranger for example ? 
  build a mini fridge inside a case and store it under your table . 
  if someone asks , you have one to work with and one for the additional hard and exhausting work , 
  i have a 3 monitor setup like this ** . 
  : ** and i would like to game on both the monitors in the bottom row in one connected screen . 
  is there a option for that ? 
  gtx 970 and i5-4690k . 
  is it in the nvidia control panel ? 
  depends on the monitor , 
  not sure if i had commented . 
  better do it in the last second, 
  9926 , couldnt find it in the top 500 . 
  * name checks out *,
