  there is nothing wrong with booting the pc after assembling that i heard off . 
  that reminds me of [ this ] ( http://hasthelargehadroncolliderdestroyedtheworldyet.com/ ), 
   you should n't spend 12 % of your budget on a keyboard, 
  if / r/mechanicalkeyboards gets to hear this ... 
  no fans spinning , no hdd spinning , no lights , no beeps while all the cables are defenetely in ? 
  in addition to that high pitched noise from the psu ? 
  cables all in correctly ? 
  maybe its left us . 
  you might want to try to get a replacement or borough one from a kind friend to test . 
  check if all the cables are inserted right and sit solid . 
  recheck all fan connections specially the cpu one . 
  everything mounted what you want in your case ? 
  nothing left ? 
  powercable sits good ? 
  powerswitch in the back and then boot it up . 
  good luck . 
  and i would buy a i5-4460 and try to snug a ssd in there by not buying a new monitor but getting one allready used . 
  it depends on what you rate higher . 
  the looks or the usage . 
  sure it makes more sense to buy a k70 later to have some more money and maybe get a better cooler . 
  but in the end my comment was just a joke so who knows ... 
  then at least the fans should have spinned the first time you gave power to it , then it would have smelled burned . 
  you have the standoffs installed ? 
  i still suggest replacing the psu , it can happen that even a new one gets a bad hit doing transportation or in the creating stage and some parts are loose or not connected . 
  high pitched noise sounds like power anyway . 
   one that sticks out in the middle, 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  [ this does ] ( http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/windows-vista/map-any-key-to-any-key-on-windows-xp-vista/?pagespeed=noscript ) or the [ no programm method ] ( http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/windows-vista/disable-caps-lock-key-in-windows-vista/?pagespeed=noscript ), 
  just checked the case and i understand it now . 
  looks like the case has its own kind of standoff . 
  well then this part is not the problem . 
  may you be able to test the psu again ? 
  or best would be to ask for a replacement . 
  most reseller take the cost on them if you tell them it doesnt work . 
  that way you have a second on to test asap, 
  oh okay , thought you might be able to . 
  not defenetly the psu but i would guess it might be . 
  you could ask in the simple questions thread to get some more help . 
  most of the post go unanswered if they see someone allready tryed to help . 
  wow ... didnt even see that . 
  maybe thats why my brain instantly told thats photoshoped ... 
  maybe s/he just turns it off like most people do ? 
  reading the `` how to make a succesful post in battlestations '' post , then seeing your post i was like : ` wait this is what you should not do `, 
  then i saw the * demo * and was like, 
  edit : nice one . 
  get a green upvote to match your color theme , 
  you have taken your old gpu apart and hung it on the wall ? 
  thats not just beatiful that is adoration and admiration in one . 
  awesome . 
  and it fits . 
  if you have a working key and dont mind using it sure go on and try it with just a keyboard . 
  ( my guess is keyboard only will work better than mouse only * ( except if you get the onscreen keyboard while the installation to work ) * ) good luck, 
  my question now : where did you thought this was in ? 
  why would you like that from microsoft . 
  it worked before , now we need new things , thats stupid . 
  basically i thought it is a programm that you run to get the controller to work . 
  normally : right click -  compability mode but after rethinking it isnt a programm right ? 
  something like [ this ] ( http://www.overclock.net/t/1424387/gallery-build-log-ultimate-wall-mount-rig-maxxplanck-v2-completed ) ? 
  if you are able to replace them for not a high cost or none at all , sure do that . 
  always happy to help . 
  good luck with the new parts then , 
  so the problem solved itself ? 
  that would be nice to hear . 
  no problem . 
  i gon na help whenever i can . 
  samsung : 540 read , 520 write, 
  sandisk : 550 read , 500 write, 
  [ recommendation ] ( http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/ssd-recommendation-benchmark,3269.html ), 
  nice to hear that you found the problem . 
  i hope everything works soon without any more problems . 
  always happy to help if i can , 
  this !, 
  its the best compensation to help others build if you yourself cant do it at the moment . 
  it feels so good to help them troubleshoot or help them chosing parts or checking for compability . 
  man always at least 6 hours per week . 
  i know your feeling and i guess i have a bigger problem . 
  at the moment i prevent this sad feeling by not building my pc . 
  it kills me . 
  but slow enough . 
  i have all my parts laying at home for 3 weeks i guess but i dont want to build it together . 
  it feels so good to know that if i am sad i can just go for it and open 1 of the boxes look inside and feel so much better . 
  dont worry tho , next week my buddy is buying my old pc . 
  then i have to build mine . 
  i am not sure how to feel about it . 
  dont have a link :( but still a answer , 
  if you buy 1 gb ram you can easily upgrade it in the future because you are just using 1 slot and have at least one free . 
  if you only want to use 8 gb in total and you have a dual memory channel mobo , if you stick the sticks in the appropriate slots , they can work together . 
  simply , 8 gb of ram stays 8 gb of ram . 
  doesnt really matter if splittet in 1,2 or even 4 . 
  just a problem if you want to upgrade . 
  [ remembered a link while typing ] ( http://overclocking.guide/ddr3-ram-myths-enlightened/ ), 
  just searched again and i think dual chanel memory usage gives you a benefit of like 8 % ( you wont feel it really ) . 
  if you want to stay at 8 gb for a long time you might take 2x4gb or if you want to upgrade in the future get one more 8 gb stick to use them in dual chanel . 
  well i woke up this morning , went to the kitchen with my smartphone . 
  made a morning coffee . 
  looked on reddit . 
  cup fell on the floor . 
  went on steam . 
  bought . 
  no regrets .
