  banished - 695, 
  thanks for the giveaway and good luck to everyone . 
  after reading the text 3 times from op and understanding the point but not everything - thanks, 
  as a not native speaker to understand an other not native speaker it doesnt gets better . 
  my shoe size is 43 and i am 20 years old . 
  i guess your point doesnt translate to europe . 
  wish me luck random.org with 1238 and thank you very much for the giveaway . 
  1/2 is the chance for one cigarette . 
  with 6 ones you multiply the probability . 
  or simply said 1/2 ^ 6, 
  only 2 ways to go from here ... 
  this sub forgot the guy , pal , bro , dude , friend ... part, 
  or nobody is talking about it anymore . 
  totally, 
  or when you have clicked it that often that you could draw it out just by thinking about it because you have clicked it that often . 
  and still you miss every oportunity to print it out and take it with you :(, 
   going full retard, 
  apparently i seem to be good at that . 
  i am amazed by your kindness and peacefullness . 
  i am looking for a nas at the moment as a home media server of some sort and some backups . 
  probably around 4-8tb while i can upgrade it in the future . 
  i never had a nas before and at the moment i would buy [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/cloud-personal-network-attached-storage/dp/b00evvgad0 ) one . 
  is that okay ? 
  i have a tv that is connected to the network on its own and i hope it can read from a nas without help while the other tvs would need a raspberrypi right ? 
  or is there an easyer version ? 
  price is unknown , if it is worth it to get a 2 bay nas because of futureproof up to 5 years it would be okay . 
  otherwise i think 1 drive is enough because i save my backups in 2 other locations too . 
  thank you very much and probably a happy new year . 
  i think by reading this my eyes opened up that much that you could now call me bambi too . 
  i hope they close before i see part 2 . 
  my christmas gifts ... 
  came here to say that : /, 
  edit : i guess we are to efficient to not have that noted in this post . 
  or missing the `` coffee number one '' of the day, 
  i want to know too . 
  or he just wanted to say that he is an `` octa-pussy-lover '', 
  we were kissing at her home , clothes on but she on top and is very much riding me and giving her best and i was enjoying it but didnt touch her but went home later because i wanted to game ... 
  i am not happy with my old naive self . 
  only wished for a raspberrypi, 
  got cooking books, 
  well the fact that i have some backups else where is kind of my raid failure protection . 
  because the hdd gets much more expensiv upwards of 4 tb and the wd nas is only compatible with max 6 tb i thought that by buying a multi drive nas to extend the storage capacity . 
  of course it would have to run in no raid mode i get that . 
  anyway thank you for your opinion and a happy new year soon, 
   sorry this is trivial , call canceled by automation . 
  please dont call again if this problem persists, 
  better ? 
  thanks for giving the hint . 
  didnt see it in the first place . 
  so much better now xd, 
   longer waiting time, 
  i should get worse internet then i guess . 
  longest waiting time i ever had was 20 sec . 
  if its working with linux i guess its just the driver that is missing for the ethernet jack . 
  check you laptop manufacturer website for your version and search for downloads . 
  maybe you find something . 
  edit : the other posts down below might be helpfull too . 
  [ update new firmware & restart ], 
  i guess the [ download ] ( http://www.killernetworking.com/support/driver-downloads/standard-drivers ) from what / u/orkeren said should work . 
  its the internet ... 
  i guess you made it and hasnt stolen it , 
  because i was never able to come up with something to search fast i will taking this for the future . 
  thanks . 
  and i am that bad that my buddys play a drinking game out of it whenever i die and they are drunk before i meet the first boss in ds2, 
  i couldnt figure out where your problem was for like 4 times reading the sentence over and over . 
  finally after comparing both sentences , wich for me looked the same , i saw it and now feel like you but coming from the other side of the box . 
  it happens to all of us from time to time . 
  while the normal told story was more fun and sadly more facepalmy i really apreciate this write up . 
  i only hope i have to answer in haiku ( / poem or prose ) myself . 
  for how sad the fact itself is but i really hoped for a video with a burning gpu . 
  even if this is better for op i still am disappointed, 
  i feel exactly the same . 
  i had a bad psu once myself wich went up in sparks coming out of the back all over my hand that pressed the switch . 
  i still dont know what was wrong but my mobo and gpu went faulty with it . 
  worst day after moving . 
  well i sometimes miss those weekends doing nothing and getting reminded by your raid to go and get something to eat and drink . 
  good old days . 
  twister of course, 
  leaving a comment out of interest for someone elses life that sounds far more interesting than mine ( well at least the sex part ) . 
  feel free to comment me when you got the time for writing the next `` true life story of a happy dude '', 
  actually being able to use a pc in my family . 
  the new ipad air mini of course . 
  i recommend getting a third monitor to read reddit while playing online games and waiting on others ( like on all others specially ps - `` gamers '' in rocket league ) . 
  i have the same problem but even that i was really happy to have a third monitor i actually dont use it that often as i would like . 
  most of the time 2 are enough . 
  hey , offtopic but where did you get that wallpaper from ? 
  looks nice but i mostly just take wallpapers from the same artstyle ( because 3 monitors with different pics look wierd ) . 
  thanks in advance, 
  damn , now i have to spend hours looking through / r/rainmeter again and then when i get home give up again because i cant figure out to make a good skin with 3 screens . 
  - thanks, 
  mostly the cleric is the one who dies first because of one unlucky stealth crit of a normally not that powerfull enemy and then all you can do is run away , drink a beer in a tavern and hope that the cleric can fill out a new character page fast enough that you can hire him in said tavern . 
  and off to a new adventure !, 
  thanks again , looks nice . 
  thanks for the givaway . 
  i like your style of reviews but personally i would not go through the complete settings menu as for me if i want to see a review i want to see something of the game and not if you set your volume on 80 or 100 . 
  depends on your defenition on double jump but the second is only one jump in mid air while the first is clearly 2 jumps that could get the same done with one or sprinting . 
  i often have 3 games open at the same time ,, 
  that i just need to idle and wait for something but still need to have the game running, 
  that i actually want to play active, 
  that game that i play because i need to wait on other people in the second one because my load times are = zero and my internet is fast enough to be there when the server has finished loading the game itself .
