  i guess you can project this view on every subject . 
  that is right but that is the joke ... 
  wait a second \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  ^ what ^ is ^ written ^ there ? ^ it ^ is ^ so ^ tiny !, 
  says the sad / u/mrtantalum with only 46 comment-karma ... 
  here take my upvote , 
  phew ... looks nice , i think i have to reconsider what to buy next ... 
  okay . 
  nice to know and thanks for the answer . 
  i guess the wont implement it because then you might not see to floor you are driving on . 
  they should just make the floor and walls look through for the in game camera from the outside of the playground . 
  of all those things i would start last with shooting but i guess that has to do with that i am not from america . 
  sounds like you have your next 4 holidays planed . 
  winter : snowboarding, 
  spring : rock climbing, 
  summer : surfing, 
  autumn : sailing, 
  and then forget shooting because the other 4 make much more fun ( i guess have never shot anything ), 
  well you can learn it in like 2 days but to be an instructor you should dedicate at least a week to learning yourself . 
  and i recommend a course for the first 2 days . 
  it makes a big difference even if it isnt cheap . 
  as mentioned above i can recommend https://www.codecademy.com/learn to start . 
  very easy to get in , you can learn at your own speed and dont have to install anything . 
  if you have enough time to read through / r/buildapc 's guides and can effort like 500 $ / $ you can start . 
  it isnt as complicated as one might think . 
  i can help with that . 
  but if you want to try out a new costly hobby start at / r/mechanicalkeyboards , 
  i would like to learn drawing and planting my own bonsai and growing it . 
  but then i dont take enough time , feel bad at drawing and my last tree died because i completly misinterpreted the problem . 
  on the other hand , because of this thread i know now that many things i can , do other people want to learn . 
  like snowboarding , sailing , surfing , coding . 
  well there was this [ thermal compound test ] ( http://www.hardwaresecrets.com/thermal-compound-roundup-october-2011/5/ ) that shows that mayonaise is place 26 of 50 or something and that even lipstick and toothpaste is better than a brand thermal compound . 
  since i have read [ this ] ( http://www.hardwaresecrets.com/thermal-compound-roundup-october-2011/5/ ) i would probably recommend mayonaise if you have nothing else there . 
  than take a look at [ this ] ( http://www.hardwaresecrets.com/thermal-compound-roundup-october-2011/5/ ) and use mayonaise next time , 
  thanks for the giveaway for this awesome comunity, 
  everyone might be lucky, 
  is there still space in your world ? 
  this one is kind of wierd . 
  right click -  stop ( dont know if it is called this in english , called `` anhalten '' in german ), 
  easy . 
  winner for best multiplayer game, 
  isnt able to play crossplatform fully . 
  so i am a member of / r/eyesmasterrace \u25d5 \u25e1 \u25d5, 
  well for me `` best multiplayer game '' has some more checkboxes for me but you are probably right ... 
  on the other hand i still want a good crossplatform multiplayer ... 
  why that ? 
  you can learn it in 2 days and if you dedicate a week to learning it yourself you can easily teach someone else the beginner course . 
  sure you wont be an instructor for big things but you can show them how to falling leave and stay on the board and probably how to turn . 
  i never said what instructor . 
  there are big differences . 
  never heard of this , any source ? 
  as seen [ here ] ( http://www.hardwaresecrets.com/thermal-compound-roundup-october-2011/5/ ) you could even use mayonaise but ... yeah ... 
  they are all in the same range and nothing really to messup with choosing one than with how much to put on . 
  ~ ~ better read some guides on this if you are unsure . 
  most use a pea-sized dot in the middle or a small cross . ~ ~, 
  not for myself because i dont like mayonaise that much and in contrast to mot people i have thermal compound at home but no mayonaise . 
  in someone elses position i still would recommend mayo . 
  but it seems to be possible . 
  well i have teached 4 of my friends in 1 to 2 days how to stay up and slowly drive with big curves . 
  not much but they can drive the hill down . 
  i guess it is a matter of wich age you are looking at . 
  for a 10 - 30 years old it should be possible . 
  on the other hand i know it is not as easy to learn wich is why one should take a beginner course . 
  it helps out very big and withing 1 or 2 days you can drive an easy slope . 
  not sure for most phones but mine needs a pin/password of some sorts before you can activate the biometrics / fingerprint and so on . 
  on the other hand with a rooted andoid and xposed and so on my phone unlocks anyway if i am at a know wlan or my bluetooth headphones are within range . 
  i guess it has to do with cleaning just what you see . 
  most people clean the floor and the cupboards but never move any of there shelves away or clean behind drawers . 
  while then the room looks clean the back of any device with airflow pulls in the complete dust . 
  i try to clean most of my room as best as i can and while you will never see dust laying around i still have to open up my pc and clean it out . 
  it is not much but it still gets in there . 
  it is just a matter of if you throw 2 marbles in a bucket , someday it will be full . 
  doesnt matter how small those are . 
  edit : on the other hand thos cockroaches are messy and just disgusting, 
  because i havent seen any comment on it yet , worldwide shipping it is good sir ? 
  that is nice to hear and thank you for the fast answer , 
  i just found that max of 5 $ for shipping is like nothing if i compared it to websites that want 16 for 4 keycaps . 
  an friend that isnt anymore ... all i wanted was a message from him , that he has no time at the moment and will message me back when he has it . 
  end of the story is , he hasnt said a word and because i didnt know whats up we dont see each other anymore . 
  kind of sad because he was one of my best friends at that time . 
  they came in today , thank you very much , absolutly my new favourites as i dont have that many artisans . 
  and thank you very much for the random gold one . 
  it is awesome . 
  keep up the good work , cant wait to see your next sale . 
  for that price and fast shipping it is amazing . 
  not op but am looking forward to buy the k70 . 
  i must say the disco looks great but there is no iso layout as far as i have found none . 
  is there any iso-rgb-keyboard like the other both ? 
  indeed , found one with iso . 
  thanks , forgot about the shine 5 for some reason . 
  as always , late to the party but i guess this still fits . 
  not me but a good friend of mine :, 
  it was a math exam and while i only took 30 minutes to answer all the questions on a page with calculation that was smaller than the writen out questions by the teacher , this story is about him . 
  small background : he did know that he was bad in math and he only wanted to absolve the class -  everything above 4.0 is good ( german school system rating from 1-best to 6-worst while a 4 is absolved ) . 
  it was in february shortly after carnival . 
  while every other person was completly focused on the exam , he seemed to be too . 
  he wrote his 2-3 pages full in the same time as i did . 
  but ** he wrote a text about his last monday , how he went to carnival and got drunk and their for didnt learn for math and then a long text about why we should learn this kind of math anyway . 
  fun fact : our teacher was pretty chill and while he couldnt give him a better grade than a 6 because he hasnt answered any of the questions right , he went through it all , answered in a small neat text and excused him from missing that monday . 
  as i am sitting in my dirt hole , i cant even express my feelings .
