  if i had seen this :, 
   also the cpu fan only seems to `` pulse '' for brief fractions of a second at a time then rest afterward, 
  before and understood it right , then you hadnt to go to replacing the mobo . 
  in my knowledge if a cpu cooler isnt running that can only be because, 
  cooler is broken or isnt getting enough power or, 
  2 . because the cpu isnt running , so it isnt producing heat and so no cooling is needed . 
  because you went through the complete process of changing out the mobo i believe that everything is sitting in there position just right . 
  even the cpu so it might just be broken : /, 
  i feel very bad for letting you go through this complete maniac and annyoing part . 
  i guess the beep codes made me think it is something with the mobo . 
  sadly i have to ask you to replace the cpu . 
  i really apologize \u25cf \u2022, 
  you mean 255.46.0.0 ? 
  i would recommend to get a windows 7 or 8 ( .1 ) os and upgrade from there with the media creation tool . 
  it gives you the same windows 10 version but for less money . 
  and if you do it after the new win10 update i hope the upgrade isnt that nerv wrecking anymore . 
  because you asked for `` do '' you use too :, 
  i use a h110 from corsair \u25d5 \u25e1 \u25d5 its overkill but no problem with overclocking wich is nice . 
  if you want it cheap , take a windows 7 liescence from amazon for like 35 $ and upgrade it from there for free with the media creation tool . 
  wow . 
  never mind that that could happen . 
  but if it works now i guess problem solved . 
  i wish you good luck that it stays that way . 
  your link looks weird to me but if it is normal amazon their shouldnt be a problem with that . 
  just keep in mind to get a 64 bit version and that you may need to call microsoft if the activation process of windows 7 isnt working because it is a refurbished version . 
  dont worry it isnt that complicated . 
  and if the link still doesnt work , its amazon . 
  just send it back and buy another one . 
  as long as microsoft has the free upgrade open yes you can upgrade for free to a normal windows 10 version . 
  after upgrading and checking if windows is activated and everything runs normally i still recommend to do a clean install over it to delete the old windows 7 files . 
  but that isnt needed . 
  as far as i know only the free upgrade to windows 10 is free . 
  so basically if that year is over and your pc breaks down you cant reinstall windows 10 with your windows 7 disc . 
  on the other hand the new upgrade for windows 10 this month should accept windows 7 and 8 keys too now if i remember that correctly . 
  if you store a image of a clean install you have a free windows 10 whenever you need one . 
  i would say it is as quite as the fans used in there . 
  its the same with every other radiator . 
  but on the other hand you could change them out for something quiter . 
  in generell an radiator is always less noise than a normal cooler because it dissipates the heat over a bigger surface = less fan speed needed . 
  even if i go ballsy with my settings my gpu is always the loudest if it comes to that and in normal usage it is just as loud as my in and outtake fans ( h440 ) . 
  i like it even if i regret to not gave away a litle bit more money to get a kraken with led . 
  but it still fits my set . 
  while i looked through all the cooling options i was confused because nobody took the h110 but all h110i gt or something . 
  i then found out that most people dont know about the h110 because i guess its the older model but it fits perfectly in my case so it maxes out the space i have . 
  so i took it and am happy . 
  [ step 1,2 & 4 ] ( https://xkcd.com/627/ ), 
  regarding everything you said you are completly right . 
  oh i nearly forgot that they dont tell the truth ( like when they had * restarted * their pc the last time ) . 
  ^ * edit : ^ apparently ^ i ^ cant ^ read . 
  this is awesome !, 
  we only have one print out at our door with the other it jokes . 
  well i never catched a fly in mid air but it is quite easy to catch one sitting somewhere . 
  because flys often rub their feet you just have to wait until they do that and snap from behind them over their head . 
  because the fly will try to fly away it will lift up right in the height of your hand . 
  sadly i forgot if you have to wait for them to rub their front feet together or if it was their back feets . 
   ~ ~ murder them ~ ~ wait untill they have a sudden `` accident '' the next day, 
  ftfy, 
  make it a circle !, 
  well its the same with backups . 
  you dont need them until all your savings are gone and you regret spending that 50 $, 
  edit : i have backups now . 
  at least some programs now a days have the option build in to go back in the file historie . 
  but if your hdd breaks its gone . 
  to rewrite something is just annoying but not that big of a deal ( at least if you know how to safe something without overwriting something completely else ) . 
  well he wants to still have a job the next day . 
  there need to be left over bikes in there . 
  or you could just use res and never leave reddit itself . 
  i havent seen youtube comments by month now . 
  5th picture of the album or not ? 
  how is your opinion on the dx racer chair ? 
  was is worth buying or would you say any other comfortable office chair is as good as this ? 
  want to change my chair and i am not sure if it is worth the 30 - 50 $ additional cost . 
  regarding your station / dorm , nice one . 
  looks comfy but also open in one . 
  maybe hang the painting on the wall , 
  all of these subreddit circling jokes of a post made not even a week earlier and the worst : * i understand them all !, 
  that is possible ? 
  i have to try that next time . 
  no i just guessed where the bot should be by now and because the bot is dead/shadowbanned i did it for him/her/it . 
  even if it was the bot itself it doesnt recognize every comment about hl3 as a comment on its own post for what i have notized . 
  absolutely !, 
  in my opinion the more you worked with them and helped them advance , the more you safed the company time = money . 
  so i would like to see a support where the faster we can archieve a complicated problem because i did all the easy steps ( reboot and so on ) i should get rewarded . 
  thats nice to hear and thanks for the update , 
   maxnomic, 
  checked the website , saw the break down of maxnomic and dxracer and am surprised as well as flashed . 
  after watching the linus-tech video about the chair i am a bit dissapointed about the `` non-sex-chair '' but anyway . 
  going to safe money now . 
  thanks for your opinion . 
  really apreciate it . 
  this is one of those stories where i think :, 
  * i dont want to know where you live because i defenetly dont want to live there . 
  ever *, 
  i want to see the flying enchilada 's too !, 
   sometimes i do n't understand users . 
  you never can . 
  they sometimes just come up with the same answer even without the same reasoning . 
  well i would guess not complete los angeles is like your region but yeah i can understand that most big citys arent as beatiful as one thinks . 
  sorry to hear that from you but hope you get better as time comes by . 
  tale was long but very good .
