  i just try to recommend something on the fact that you give me and with my last search i wasnt detailfull enough for my own belief . 
  may i ask when you started to get into watercooling ? 
  i myself build pcs some years now and i find it absolutly stunning to see such a beatifull build like this . 
  these are the days where have to discuss with myself when i start to do watercooling in my unit . 
  basically i dont have the money every time or it is something else that bothers me ( have since monday 3 monitors now ) like my cabeling that i want to fix first but defenetly want to go watercooling one day . 
  thanks in advance  and again wonderfull build . 
   more of a battle * shield *, 
  well then you could say you are still drunk from last night , not your fault . 
  didnt start drinking at 7am and later the day you could even go to your own shift no problem . 
  and anyway it isnt their problem what i do when i have no work . 
  five-year-old dragon or human ? 
  wow the last picture got me ... just then i understood why the cows were scarry in the first place . 
  but my favourite is defenetly round 3 . 
  for me that would be a wonderfull holiday invite !, 
  you are right , thats even better . 
   but it sure looks cool, 
  yeah thats defenetly the point that will get me to it . 
  i mean i have a complete perfect working pc with an aio water cooling system and even later this day i will install some lights and stuff . 
  i am really happy with it and my 3 monitors arent killing it either . 
  the main factor is that i just bought new parts and to go watercooling now would be a big waste of money . 
  i guess i have to do it in my next big upgrade and change everything . 
  thanks for answering fast and open . 
  i thought it would be a monkey and i wanted to exchange his brain but it is quite complicated to animate a text form emote . 
  well one day one of our empoloyees came to us ( intern it ) and said he accidentily deleted his drive . 
  he wanted to format a usb stick and just killed 2 month of work he had stored and not shared yet . 
  we didnt even know what to say knowing you have to accept it 3 times or something . 
  edited for formatting . 
  edited for formatting . 
  i just posted a couple days ago on here , but this happened yesterday and i felt like it needed to be shared . 
  customer : c, 
  me : me, 
  a customer comes up to my register :, 
   c : hi , this item has no tag on it . 
   me : no problem let me get a tag for you . 
  ( i call for a tag for the item over the intercom ) ( cw shows up at my register . ), 
   cw : here 's a $ 5.99 tag . 
   c : i 'll do $ 3.00, 
   cw : ** this is n't a yardsale , we do n't bargain here **, 
  my coworker walks away . 
  the customer did n't buy the item . 
  later that day i applauded her for best comeback ever . 
  the worst is if you read this story and the [ story about the shift key ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/3prntu/shift1/ ) on the same day and the only hope for humanity is that it is friday and i can go home and hope that at least 2 people now know one key more on their keyboard . 
  well that sounds like a lucky learning curve . 
  i basically had done the same just yesterday \u2299 _ \u0298, 
  i wanted to recover an image as a new install on an empty notebook . 
  the only problem was it was really empty ( no hdd ) and so the only storage space left was the image drive itself . 
  i didnt know that is possible , but i took the image of the drive and formatted the drive with it . 
  because it has partitions in it there was no way to recover anything . 
  basically i wiped 20 of our images . 
  after bringing in muffins today we found out that the other hdd in the raid from wich we all thought it was dead ever since , wasnt actually and we have most of the images back now . 
  i still have to set up all new images and i regret not looking while hitting enter those 4 times . 
  good times defenetly . 
  it has a good side though , because the disk is now empty we will buy a new one and actually get out raid 1 set up back and running \u25d5 \u25e1 \u25d5 i just have to remember not to do that again . 
  even a raid 1 cant safe you from overwriting it on your own . 
  well normally the programm oodi will use the intern hdd or ssd or the notebook where the image should be loaded to . 
  but because there was none existend it went over to the next basic storage unit wich was the drive itself . 
  the usb stick was third in this manner . 
  because i did this 6 times that day before i wasnt carefully looking at it and just pressed enter like always . 
  when i saw what i have done i was sitting there and didnt move for like a minute thinking if this really just happend or how i could fix it . 
  i was happy that our server images are stored on the ftp-server and not only on the raid . 
  for me it was like readin the complete storry , then seeing your comment and thinking that would have made the read much better . 
  then i thought in / r/talesfromtechsupport they mostly use the green text and its even better to read . 
  i didnt want to complain or change anything just show else how i would have done it ( kind of the need for perfection ) . 
  ^ ^ edited ^ ^ a ^ ^ missing ^ ^ word, 
  what is your opinion about the chair ? 
  is it worth to buy a gaming chair ? 
  is it that much better regarding the cost ? 
  other then that , looks very good and clean only the red dresser under the table is distracting . 
  if i am not mistaken , the 4460 is good for normal use , 4690 is just a bit better but cost more and normally you would take the k version then to overclock . 
  if you dont want to overclock the 4460 is perfect . 
  regarding you gpu i would defenetly take the 390 , it will boost your performance more thatn a better cpu ( or at least considering the small boost you would get with a 4690 but the big loss with a 290 ) . 
  the r9 390 can do just fine with 60 fps and more and the cpu wont bottleneck that by far if i am not wrong . 
  well then it sounds like a good choice for you . 
  the problem is i have a old desk chair ( was around 80 $ if i remember correctly ) and a gaming chair would cost 250 - 380 but i am not sure if i should safe the money to get one . 
  i guess i wait sometime and decide then again if the cost is worth it . 
  thanks for answering . 
   the monitor got no signal from the machine, 
  like it stated ` no signal ' or was it just black ? 
  i would like to restart it with the monitor allready on and see if you get any boot up screen . 
  try to get into the bios of the mobo with delete / f1 or something like that . 
  and i would ask the same question as / u/connorbarabe said . 
  without a os installed the screen will most likely stay just black . 
  is the monitor connected to the gpu ? 
  because i dont have a direct clue on what i could be , is your monitor connected to the gpu ( s ) ? 
  or when have you changed it ? 
  is it possible to start in safe mode ? 
  have you installed anything else just before the driver ? 
  did the installation went on without a problem ? 
  i am not quite sure where it was but something along the line of system -  storage -  safe locations and then tell it to safe every downloads , music and so on on the hdd . 
  fairly simple under windows 10, 
   formatted a 1 tb partition on the drive, 
  on the 4tb one ? 
  well formating says its gone . 
  if you wanted your 1tb data back on it clone it again . 
  unformatted stated there is not data and not even a space at the moment to save something ( till you have made it a partition most likely ) . 
  if you had data on the 4tb disk before and that is now gone you could try to use some programms to get it back . 
  [ something like this ] ( http://lifehacker.com/5237503/five-best-free-data-recovery-tools ) . 
  keep in mind the highest chance to get anything back is by not overwriting the empty space you have on the disk at the moment . 
  i hope i did understood your problem right and can help . 
  hahahah , well my girlfriend hates my complete gaming `` room '' anyway .
