  `` hahaha yeah we do '', 
  absolutely me - source : i am at work, 
  some did but none can compete with years of knowledge, 
  dont forget that the controllers arent even showing player 1 or 2 because the cant be connected to that ps4, 
  didnt read everything but man . 
  ** if you see the bad guy and have a weapon use it instantly dont talk dont scream stop just shoot , they will be dead and stop what they did **, 
  and fucking unrealistic hollywood love scenes in everymovie . 
  jurrasic world : flying dinosaurs everwhere , everyone in panic . 
  oh wait there is the man i love now . 
  run there and hug him like the world couldnt get any better . 
  and the fact that hollywood is cutting out the realistic blood to make good movies age 16 + to get more money . 
  as someone working in it : sounds like my plan , gon na help with that interwebz . 
  and be the first to make a dank meme about someone saying `` internet '', 
  * feeling sometimes very misplaced on reddit *, 
   swastika tattoos, 
  i am german and had to google it for 2 min ... 
   you sir made my day :d congrats xd, 
  * i got the feeling i said something wrong in that thread *, 
  `` but i am a girl ! '', 
  ... he seems prepared ... now i have a password too, 
  why germany ? 
  well i have a bicyle free sign at home . 
  just do it . 
  drunk . 
  kicking a small dog as far as i can . 
  holding my arm out while a biker is driving by in a way that he fells down or just pushing him . 
  taking lsd to talk with my brain - actually i can do it and had the choice once but cant remember much . 
  going * in * a psychatry . 
  i guess that would happen after my lsd trip . 
  actually i am kind of crazy deep inside but i know it and its cool . 
  i like that side of me . 
  it just isnt allowed to do things . 
  in the end i wont probably end there for to long because i cant let my girlfriend alone and she wants to have me forever that way i should go in a psychatry . 
  even though i like crazy people and talking to them . 
  * i am weird *, 
  and dont forget the safety glasses !, 
  tagged as mighty dude who tagged dude cool who tagged dude as dank, 
  i am jealous . 
  that view and that battlestation ... lovely, 
  i guess you should feel great ... you get drugs for `` free '', 
  sorry , german here with medical coverage for everyone ... 
  ** what ? 
  [ for anyone interested 11:17 ] ( https://youtu.be/pbc25mgnmqo?t=11m17s ), 
  if games would have this as healing potions i would freeze to death or die to something else because i would never have drinked the potion . 
  well you can see your nose . . just extend this feeling . 
  i wonder more how it would be to roll your eyes around and get another view coresponding to your body but without moving . 
  i mean your whole moving experience is based on where your head is turned and in wich direction you feel the movement ( inner-ear ) . 
   bro if you want in the disco that 's fine ,, 
  you dont have to be the disco, 
  i dont believe 1,3,4 and 8 to be real ... sadly, 
  everytime i watch something like this i wonder why it isnt and unending loop , how to make it one and then give up ... 
  still nice one . 
  i am sad that i just havent gotten the idea myself or have seen a post like this earlyer ... 
  i must admit it looks awesome and if i wouldnt have a big world map in the living room with red markers then i would build something like this too . 
  looks very nice . 
  at least the map is 200cm x 140cm ... 
  googled it , closed the tap immediately . 
  should have listened to your dot at the end ... 
  * impressiv non the less *, 
  same , knowing it will never happen ... she cant even play mario kart ... still i am a happy solo playing man, 
  i guess we would be very happy if you can provide more detailed pictures , higher quality and specs . 
  of what i can see , it seems to be a nice [ battlestation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/battlestations/ ), 
  it gets better if you buy this [ spaceship ] ( http://www.eldoradofurniture.com/product/index.html?pid=20955 ), 
  thats why i would die ... to fancy to drink, 
  thats very nice to hear , should i consider buying higher mhz ram ? 
  hahahah , nice thing . 
  still reading about overclocking and havent looked at the ram part but that looks like a good explanation . 
  defentely going to take a look at it . 
  about atelco one , haven knew yet but the prices mentioned above are more random from pcpartpicker . 
  i have everything in amazon saved and would look over it at geizhals again . 
  mindfactory might be a solution . 
  thanks a lot and a nice weekend , 
  w8 it is a b8, 
  but where are his wings ? 
  not sure but he isnt filling the form where the reflections should be . 
  then the outside gets brown first and then the inside / reflection bit . 
  i guess because he turns it around right after that , the reflection bit hasnt gotten brown enough to match the color around it . 
   maybe that 's what you were saying . 
  yep i tried to say that . 
  i was like, 
  shit this is awesome, 
   but i dont need it, 
  otherwise it would be so much fun and i would eat nuts all day, 
   ** then i remembered i am allergic **, 
  woooooooooooooooooooooooo cake day party . 
  but still they are considered birds . 
  [ at least some say the have wings . 
  ] ( http://www.rainbowsprings.co.nz/244/kiwi/kiwi-facts ) havent found any rebuttal . 
  awesome , directly bought some l-combinations . 
  never knew there were allready finished parts for my problem . 
  thanks a lot . 
  have a line installed behind my tv but the edges were ugly . 
  i have read that a radiator in the top for my cpu ( i5-4690k oc ) in a nzxt h440 case would be bad , is that true ? 
  i bought a corsair h110 280mm but it isnt here atm so i still can send it back . 
  i still have the 3 input fans in the front and i could replace the rear fan with something more powerfull . 
  also in the pack is a asus strix 970 but that is pretty cold all the time anyway . 
  look at some guides if you are not sure what to do . 
  remember to touch you table or the case often just for safety ( static energy ) . 
  i dont even know which parts can get damaged but if i rebuilt something i disload myself all the time . 
  its just 1 sec .
