  if you promise i can get back to my body without any harm or problem i want to be disabled and blind and deaf and speachless . 
  i think if you arent it you cant feel how much pain it must be to loose any of your senses . 
  i want to feel to not feel to see real black to feel nothing to hear really nothing except myself thinking . 
  then and only then i can really sympathize . 
  something between 1 and 2000 because i would just start to count up and this is roughly the number how many exoplanets there are found yet, 
  yes but thats what i want to feel . 
  just wrote pure blackness because it comes nearest to what a seeing person can liberate as not seeing . 
  like looking at vantablack, 
  why would you ? 
  does it change a rape if the raping person is drunk or not ? 
  ** no ** * at least i hope so * then it should change a thing when you are wanking, 
  maybe they are retarded and know that but cant change a thing . 
  so they walk and walk and walk and still stand at the same space . 
  oh man i hate them but it will never change . 
  even the fast going persons are to slow for me and i am not even running just walking quite fast, 
  sliced turkey with a mushroom-onion cream sauce with pasta as well as baguette with tzatziki along with a beer, 
   and how the fuck do you go from playing computer games to taking a strapon in the ass , in the middle of the living room in ten minutes ? 
  preparation, 
  background : living with a mate from university , my computer was better so we shared it and he had the password to play on it and so on . 
  story : i came back from work and opened the door . 
  in my room was running porn and i saw it instantly . 
  i opened the door slowly because from the entrance you can see the monitor but not the couch in front of it . 
  slowly closing the door and going over there . 
  - couch is empty . 
  i was standing there and thinking what to do when i heard noises coming from the bathroom . 
  still i dont know why i closed the porn , walked into the kitchen and made a toast . 
  we have never spoken about it . 
  at least it was nothing disturbing to see for me . 
  but what if i turn while sleeping ? 
  exactly my thought on this thread ... 
  `` the more you know about something , the more you know that you know nearly nothing really about it '', 
  i am smart enough to understand this sentence but not smart enough to remember from who it is . 
  you can eat it provided that your skin and outerparts are making you invisible and not that every molecul of your body is invisible . 
  well i did this too , not for money and not real wasabi just the powder of wasabi nuts . 
  still hurt . 
  and if i remember correctly in jackass they snorted wasabi too without a dyson nose, 
  roses are black . 
  violets are black . 
  everything is black . 
  i am blind . 
  can one get to know you ? 
  yes : nice conversation started . 
  no : its okay . 
  just not interested in people . 
  finally beeing able to buy my fucking ~ ~ 3872 ~ ~ 12 items wishlist on amazon . 
  never knew that relationships die because of ikea . 
  simply put , my girlfriend loves it but most of the time hasnt got the time nor money to go there . 
  time there : we had to buy a new bed because we broke the old one . 
  time there : she said she wanted something new and would pay everything . 
  time : living together and having to get some stuff, 
  time : that one was a close one , i had to pay . 
  now we have 5 mirrors, 
  and in between i guess she was there around 10 more times without me . 
  sorry i am a madman , sure history wasnt great but cant stop myself from laughing at these jokes . 
  a friend of mine said once they smell burned . 
  i am sorry . 
  he is not a racist but that one was funny as hell . 
  welcome to the club then , 
  happened at a friends place , everyone was drinking and smoking so i knew where the cigarette bin bottle was . 
  speaking with someone left to me . 
  wanting to drink . 
  take `` my '' bottle . 
  take a sip . 
  was the bin ... 
  reason : my buddy to my right took the bin and took a sip before me because he thought it was his beer . 
  to get over his akward mistake and because nearly nobody has seen it he changed mine with the bin . 
  to this day , havent seen him again . 
  well i was never the smartest but at least nothing broken yet . 
  playing iguana at the pool and wanting to drop in falling sidewise . 
  upperpart of my body had no problem , knee faced towards the pool neither but the other one . 
  just rip the skin open and i feeled nothing . 
  just noticed when i saw that the water around me got red really fast . 
  nothing big just my body likes to push out as much blood as possible . 
  everytime . 
  slipped while walking on a normal street . 
  just some sand on the floor 2 m away from the door . 
  fell straight on my hands and face . 
  still cant explain why . 
  cutting with a cutter , dont remember what it was , hard plastic or something . 
  loosing grip and piercing 3 of the blade parts in my hand . 
  bloody as hell . 
  nobody was home . 
  couldnt find a plaster . 
  had a gum in my mouth . 
  liked the wound clean and glewed the gum on the open part . 
  staying on the jumping board of the pool , stepsister behind me . 
  didnt want to jump or want to concentrate what ever . 
  she pushed me . 
  wasnt enough and i scratched open my legs and full back hitting the board with my full back . 
  running behind someone . 
  not familiar with the house . 
  i am higher than the others . 
  following thru the doorway . 
  hitting my head with full speed and falling backwards hitting my head again on the floor . 
  getting unconscious at a market in greece . 
  falling with my head on the edge of the sidewalk . 
  waking up to many greece people talking to me , myself understanding nothing and at least 20 min searching before i found back my family . 
  happy life . 
   bitches love cyanide and happiness . 
   ftfy,
