  eve ? 
  well i have a 1g server running with infinity at 100 % ram all the time and besides lags when entering a new mystcraft world everything runs fine with 3 dimensions loaded and chunkloaders every where + 3 quarries all day ... 
  looks great !, 
  now i am confused ... 
  ... cake day !!, 
  gratulations !, 
  working as intended !, 
  then please bring up some time and write more  i would really like to see a complete post from your perspective with even more mind sharing and meaningfull insight on how we as players feel and think about what riot does . 
  in my opinion i can fully understand and be with all of what you have said but i personally sadly cant combine all this in a compact and easy to read text as yours . 
  it was awesome to read this and its like reading your own mind but with better explaining and without useless raging . 
  riot has to think more about those gamemodes and listen to the community even if it is small . 
  i mean it would grow big much faster if everything is like the players want it to be but just a few take the time to speak about the problems . 
  i really support your view and i guess many more of the community will do the same if you speak up . 
  please take the time and make a own completed explained reddit post . 
  i would apreciate it so increbly much . 
  i think they would even have to give us ip or exp for training games . 
  many people go in custom games from time to time just to practice their farming , skill shots , abilite combs or wall flashes . 
  if their would be a mode where you can practice and dont have to wait 5 min for the next flash to test you would finish faster and going back into the real q faster . 
  so for riot it would be more of a win because these people can learn while not clearing out the ranked / normal q 's . 
  i would really like to see a `` warm-up '' mode where you play lets say 10 min max with instant spanning minions from 1 . min and then lower cooldowns on summoner skills . 
  you can play these instead of your first normal before you go into ranked or just to take a small brake . 
  thats so simple ... but awesome !, 
  love it . 
  so you can break your own inventory ? 
  5 min seem to be a bit long but my guess would be that the world was still loading ... 
  then it is stll not yet in the other inventory, 
  and you can write just / kill to kill yourself no need for a name, 
  can someone explain to me what the problem is or better how to pretend it ? 
  have a reactor but never build a turbine and it seems that is a problem i dont want to have  would be very nice . 
  oh i havent watched on that number hahahah . 
  okay now i see it thank you very much . 
  you did what ? 
  i know and at the same time i look in my wallet and all i can see is the void ... 
   rips, 
  ftfy, 
  did i won hangman ? 
  that wouldnt be helpfull in any way . 
  first : they would not stop . 
  second : a link from a friend cant be clicked on now . 
  third : isnt there a checkbox in the configuration to do excatly this ? 
  so in addition to flash and ghost you can choose something like a dash ? 
  farther than flash shorter but faster than ghost but cant go over walls ? 
  wait !, 
  this sounds nice , 
  i have never played with that mod but i would instantly hope for an accurate hitbox !, 
  as an it : have you tried closing and open it ? 
  first answer on overything , 
  i guess there are multiple ways :, 
  1 : look at the changelog and only change that . 
  2 : delete everything old except your world save and add the new stuff . 
  3 : add in the new stuff and let it auto-replace the old and then delete all the old things that are duplicated ( warning : time comsuming and if a mod gets downgraded you can make a mistake ), 
  i generally do a combination of the first and third with the mods , let the config like it is except there is a change in the changelog because i changed some files and then switch the . jar, 
  and always make a backup !, 
  if you have dedicated the full 16 gig of ram to ftb then i would say there is the problem . 
  most of the time it is not a great idea to give minecraft more than 4 gb because it will just fill it with random stuff . 
  sadly ... yes, 
  how would you determine a link ? 
  then they send you a message saying go to www . 
  idontknowstuff . comma.iseewhatyoudidthere . ca yes the normal guys would not go there because it is stupid but it is the same like now . 
  everyone with a bit of a brain should know that the internet is not giving money for free . 
  and that most of everything are virus and trojans . 
  still those websites get clicked and people loose their accs . 
  i do n't want to say no to things i do n't like . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  now i have thank you sir . 
  why do you have 1 for each of the processors ? 
  would n't it be easier to let the 4 different processor parts assembled 1 in each because they need the different plates and then 1 inscriber with an interface to craft the finished processors together ? 
  except that very nice look you got there . 
  so clean and open i like it . 
  cheering comment with a litle twist, 
  i once made heal potions for my roleplaying group . 
  it was basically sugar water with red color ... 
  they were surprised when i told them . 
  everyone was sure it was some kind of juice . 
  and i guess they are smart enough to know that if they give free ip to low levels they would buy less rp ( only for skins now not for champs and runes too ) so they would rather not put this in . 
  but then low levels would buy rp to buy champs or masterie pages or runes and such ... 
  if you are new you want to play everything so the urge to buy rp for a new champ compared to play 20 games is big . 
  did you changed the controls in the simulator to direwolf20 ? 
  it has ( nearly ) the same calculation as infinity wich is higher than normal . 
  better then seeing it at work o.o, 
  sure come over and i give you one ... 
  i dont know if there are some but your best guess would be [ / r/feedthebeastservers ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/feedthebeastservers/search?q=wanderlust+reloaded&amp;restrict_sr=on ), 
  send me your paypal per pm and you will have 1 $ ( maybe 1 $ not sure how it will go ), 
   skrill, 
  i dont so i am very sorry . 
  cant help you then . 
  click my link and you will be amazed ... or not . 
  sorry but i dont have more than that and google and there i only found [ this ] ( http://www.gametracker.com/server_info/185.38.148.144:25595/ ) and [ this ] ( http://minecraft-mp.com/server-s78099 ) but i guess you found them too ... 
  i am currently deciding if i should change my server from infinity to something else and i would discuss that tomorrow with my friends . 
  maybe we switch to wanderlust reloaded . 
  if you are interested pm me skype ts vor something where i can message you directly , 
  i guess the cake was a lie, 
  beeing silver is no excuse for playing without smartcast . 
  it is your choice but i can tell you it is easier to play with if you learn it now than if you learn a bad habit and need to work around it later . 
  i can tell that because i played with locked camera and get away from it now ... and smartcast is not even that big of a deal . 
  you are already clicking on the right target in the right moment so try it out . 
  you may have decided yet but i just wanted to share the fact that the wiki now has all of them listed for future decisions [ this ] ( http://ftb.gamepedia.com/category:beekeeping ) might be helpfull , 
  because if i remember correctly you consume some of the lava iirc to make stone while to make cobble you just need some lava and some water but dont have to refill . 
  i dont know what to say ... to do this i needed like a 9x12x5 at least and it is crowded and difficult to understand but this !, 
  i love it < 3,
