  that way you are able to reuse some holders and it looks more uniform with the other rack-items, 
  this isnt answering anything , it just shows that they are not ignoring exchange rate changes . 
  it has nothing to do with the main problem of this post . 
  sounds like a reverse washing machine, 
  thats how you know a tl ; dr did work right . 
  for one , please dont do it . 
  i am not quite good with words but still , if anything i can do is to tell you that i am and everyone else is here to help you out if we can . 
  if there is something really bothering you try to change it , there is a way for everyone to get a `` better '' life of some sort and even the fact , that you got internet is something many people envy . 
  please get yourself help and try your best . 
  check out places like [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/suicidewatch/wiki/hotlines ) , [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/swresources/comments/1c3p3z/helpful_resources_for_those_struggling_with/ ) and many other ressources , i havent got the time to link but am willing to search for if you want me to . 
  maybe even going to / r/mademesmile once a day could help you feeling better . 
  and to that stupid one , that downvoted you ... who does that ? 
  wtf . 
  even if it is not meant to be serious , there is still another person behind it and everything could be true . 
  think about what you do on the internet , it could change someone elses mind . 
  normally i think it is stupid to write `` here take my upvote '' but this really needs to be the top comment . 
  great list with awesome soundtracks and everyone i thought to find is on there . 
  great job . 
  first , talk with your dm . 
  myself beeing a dm playing on roll20 , can see the problems with how to show terrain differences and make the combat enjoying for you and the rest of the group . 
  still everybody needs to be able to enjoy , what they plan to do with their character . 
  sometimes it is complicated to get your one rogue to sneak and the 2 tanks not to just scout ahead each dungeon . 
  but then again , it is their choice . 
  talk with your teammates , maybe you stoped some 100 ft further away , to scout and let your party surround them . 
  tell them of the advantages . 
  something else i could see is that you might roleplay the first 4 moves out of combat . 
  i , personally , let my players move around as far as they want , while they are not in combat and havent rolled initative / got seen . 
  ask your dm why he has a problem with you that far back , maybe it is to much work to build a 200x200ft map just for you . 
  maybe he isnt seeing a possibility to fight you back . 
  if you fight from 300 ft you got a big safety distance from the enemies . 
  still , he has to break the fight up with some ranged enemies or buildings . 
  as i know how hard it might be to really get every trade of every player on the same table , without ruining the combat balance , i wish you and your dm good luck to work this out . 
  having the same `` problem '' and playing on roll20 , i need more maps than i want to admit . 
  throughout the years , this sites have helped me out big . 
  you may take a look at / r/battlemaps , [ random city map generator ] ( http://inkwellideas.com/free-tools/random-city-map-generator/ ) , [ dungeon painter online ] ( http://pyromancers.com/dungeon-painter-online/ ) and of course [ donjon ] ( http://donjon.bin.sh/ ) . 
  on a site node , if you got time to invest , check out [ this ] ( http://jesterraiin.dropmark.com/162480 ) or [ this ] ( http://jesterraiin.dropmark.com/165340 ) . 
  they have basically everything one could need , while the second link is more pf / dnd centered . 
   repeat after me : full-disk encryption . 
  software encryption, 
  wait what . 
  doing the job 3 years and working with computer 's for aprox . 
  7 years , i think my internet me is dead or reborn by now ... dont want to know how everyone else here survived this long . 
   also , i worked for an isp for a while and people lied all the time about power cycling their routers/modems . 
  my problem is , when i call and i get in layer 1 support , did all the things allready and they still tell me to reboot it gets frustrating . 
  specially if you know where the problem is but they wont let you speak to a `` techguy '' till you have done all of their steps , all of the layer 2 steps , waited 3 days , call the back , do layer 1 and 2 again and then you get a tech that allready knows the problem and can see the log with all the reboots that brought me nothing . 
  sorry for the rant , i know techsupport isnt easy but sometimes beeing the user is just as hard . 
  virustotal says its good to go , maybe because it is able to embed every other site that could be potentional malware it is showing something . 
  if anyone isnt trusting the side dropmark , but still interested in the content , i can provide all the links nested in there . 
  anyway , thanks for the headsup , even if i think the site is good to go . 
  edit : there are 217 links in total nested . 
  while everything you did is right and the repair shop was really just lazy , there really is the possibility for a hdd that one section of the disk gets corrupted . 
  i 've had that happen twice before . 
  most of the time it is some part of the booting system , which is why you cant boot afterwards but still access the drive over another boot medium . 
  anyhow , i could safe some of the data but with other parts of the file system , it would just give me an error . 
  i hope you told her that backups are the quintessence of what this story is about . 
  do them regulary on all important data and specially on outlook . pst 's . 
  and as you have said , that is has been 5 years , welcome to the party as i guess you got some more stories to tell by now . 
  feel free to share what you want . 
  edit : the ps ~ ~ d ~ ~ t, 
  you mean vvvvvv ? 
  #you need to speak up loader to hbo !, 
  ctrl - super - alt, 
  always cracks me up, 
  i dont know why but ctrl is in my brain some wierd short variation of certainly , super stays and alt is old in german . 
  certainly super old space, 
  still looks very nice , and one more person jealous . 
  while your text sounds a bit like, 
   i see too many gms who only know how to run a game one way - the one way shown to them by their first ( and sometimes , only ) gm . 
  i totally accept , understand and am on the same side with you . 
  when i give up my free time to build an imaginary world for you with plot hooks and such , use it . 
  please . 
  if i am a gm that is able to abstract everything or invent everything on the fly , sure do what you want . 
  i cant do that good enough . 
  so if you are in my game use some kind of information i have given to you or you will end up in a dead end . 
  and i have done that before . 
  wander of in a random direction ? 
  cool . 
  get asked if you are sure and you still do it ? 
  sure . 
  blame me , that you got less interaction because you are in a lonely forest with nothing to do or no hints ? 
  whoa there ... look at that , there is something to play with ... a forest troll , no wait ... actually 4 of them . 
  for a group of 4 that sounds fair . 
  oh you are alone but still dont run back to the others , group up with them and fight this last chance i gave you ? 
  well now you are dead ... roll a new char and hope that the party isnt ignoring you at the next bar because their last mate just left of without saying anything and they dont want that to happen again ... 
  few , that got longer then i thought it will be , guess i am not that bad with improvisation , 
  i play on roll20 and by now all they do is wait till i say it their turn , even if there is an activity tracker , and then klick on the small attack macro i made them ... 
  i miss the old p & p times but we sadly dont have enough time anymore ... 
  while they only attack with the same pattern over and over , the npc 's and enemies attack with swinging their sword left and right , dodging , jumping , screaming , using combat maneuvers and so on . 
   polling 201 : how to ask your players for input and have it be given and useful, 
  i am in !, 
  and write my complete playerlist in too !, 
  when do we start , they need to start talking more than : `` i attack '', 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  bought and received beautiful wasd + esc + fn keycaps from / u/cozmosis, 
  wow , they are looking great . 
  one can really see that you invested time to archieve this quality . 
  good luck everyone - 962, 
   nothing.dm, 
  perfectly describes the shit my players do so often but i dont want something to happen . 
  except the last sentence , i have everything of that in my games ... in reverse .
