  on a further note , good luck with your studies mate !, 
  ` thou and thine physicians ! ', 
  one could start using the singular ` thou , thine , thee ' . 
  sounds a bit archaic though !, 
  we just love to meddle . 
  happy new year irish ( and all you other european ) bros !, 
  secret crush ? 
  hey czechia , wan na brexit and chill ? 
  that 's our story and we 're sticking to it . 
  i think france needs a hug . 
  probably not from us though ... 
  we gave them a 61 and they gave us 50 . :(, 
  oh look we 're ` meh ' as usual . 
  sorry about that old chap . 
  yeah dude , that 's not a bad thing though !, 
  classes are informative and fun and assessment is reasonable and frequent so you do n't have to do one crazy period of studying at the end of the year !, 
  i did my master 's here and had a great time !, 
  just not stressful though !, 
  i can tell you through first hand experience that university in sweden is not really stressful at all . 
  nah not really about the eu ( i did vote remain but somewhat reluctantly ) , but just that our current policy makers are a bit shy when it comes to things like nuclear power , gm foods , and public investment in science overall . 
  countries like france have lead the way in nuclear research recently ( and good on 'em ) and a few other fields like rocketry and particle physics and so i merely meant that it was good to see some pioneering british science for a change !, 
  looking forwards to a single stage space vehicle though ( reaction engines ) !, 
  i know i 'm a brit and probably should n't be commenting , but i just wanted to say that the comments here have been really impartial and interesting to read . 
  this is why i browse r/europe . 
  thank god we 're not doing our usual and dragging our feet . 
  nice to see us setting a good example in europe for a change . 
  i think it 's just a result of the industrial revolution ( which happened rather rapidly in the u.k. and wallonia ) . 
  huge migration between the rural and urban environment created a desperate need for workers housing between 1800-1900 . 
  these houses had to be built cheaply and ` en masse ' and for the technology available at the time terraces were the answer . 
  they were n't all bad , in fact terraces represent some of our best victorian architecture . 
  [ saltaire ] ( http://images.freeimages.com/images/premium/previews/1977/19775527-terraces-at-saltaire.jpg ) was built by a philanthropist in bradford as example of an ideal ` planned town ' . 
  not annoyed or anything , but curious as to why you would think that ? 
  i think that 's because immediately after the switchover people were much more cautious . 
  imagine if you switched to left hand driving tomorrow , you 'd probably slow it down a bit for the first few days !, 
  whoa there buddy , were tryin ' to get our jimmies rustled here !, 
  wait so now what are supposed to think about boris ? 
  i guess he really just is a wildcard ... 
  maybe i 'm bias , but this seems a little more fair as it is the part of the wage that a citizen actually gets to use . 
  it 's kind of about blowing off steam as much as it 's about criticising the current government . 
  hey at least it means people watch it !, 
  well then i stand corrected :d, 
  was it as cringe-worthy as it sounds ? 
  definitely agree there . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted for using mathematics , even if it may miss a few nuances such as social support . 
  yes that something that will be very interesting to follow . 
  i think some metrics will go down ( purchasing power ) whereas others may go up ( deregulation ) . 
  the total effect is more tricky to predict , maybe stagnation is more likely ? 
  good job europe !, 
  also , 10th place eh ? 
  a lot better than i was expecting to be honest . 
  good to see a few other anglos up there too !, 
  well til, 
  actually on some minor roads they still do exist !, 
  i think harry ( plunder ) ford is not quite correct . 
  hereford comes from the old english word ` here ' ( pronounced heh-reh ) , which means army , and ford . 
  in other words hereford was the place on the river wye where an army could cross . 
  the telegraph is not , nor has ever been , a tabloid newspaper . 
  were you thinking of the daily mail ? 
  i do find the uk 's stance on turkey a bit strange . 
  but then again , sometimes i think that a push for reforms in turkey in order to meet eu entry requirements might be good for everyone . 
  interested to hear other opinions though . 
  it 's touted as the biggest in europe outside of germany , so i doubt the manchester one is larger . 
  i really do n't know why we do n't have a similar system for cans in the uk . 
  i live in sweden at the moment ( which has a similar ` pant ' system ) and i totally agree about seeing less cans floating around . 
  oh well , at least we 're moving in the right direction . 
  maybe we get extra points for banter . 
  ^ i ^ hate ^ myself ^ for ^ saying ^ that, 
  welcome to britain . 
  i mean you 're right and everything , but yemen is on the arabian peninsula not africa . 
  well i guess it 's his right to complain , it just seems a little unreasonable . 
   go to scottish portrait gallery  it 's full of portraits of scots  be so annoyed that i make a film life is weird, 
  seeing old pictures of dresden makes me shake my head in disgust knowing what bomber command did to that beautiful old city . 
  ` they started it ' really does n't come close to explaining it in my mind . 
   per capita i do n't think that means what you think it means ... 
  [ :0 ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4zlfcngvel4 ), 
  and when was the light green bit reclaimed ? 
  m8 7.38 what were you doing , trying to walk it in ? 
  perhaps not the big cities , but the county towns are all historic and quite nice imo , e.g. 
  york , chester , oxford , norwich etc. 
  do n't worry , we 'll still be around whatever happens . 
  maybe in the long term this will be best for the eu , it can reform and move forward without our apprehensiveness . 
  and the response from number 10 ? 
  ` yeah , cool , no we get that , but how will it go down with the shareholders ? 
  probably better to keep it low key ... ', 
  poor sods , i 'm glad this dark era of world war in europe is over for good . 
  not sure if my original comment is still removed ( i stupidly linked the mirror ) but [ here 's the bbc article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-gloucestershire-35174646 ) . 
  how can these tears be real , if our eyes are n't real ? 
  haha me too thanks !, 
  could n't care less !, 
  if he could care less then he must at least care a little !, 
  edit : sorry about that , it 's just that this really gets my goat . 
  yo netherlands , you can have other types of roads too you know ... 
  you can still vote ` non of the above ' and officially register your dissatisfaction ? 
  just pop down there , it 's only down the road !, 
  1667 worst year of my life . 
  mate i 'm sorry but we 've got to think about our shareholders / s, 
  looks relaxing ... 
   st. patty 's day look man , i 'm british and even i know it 's either st.paddy 's day or st.patricks day but never st.patty 's day . 
  patty is short for patricia !, 
  edit : unless this was some sort of humour that i did n't pick up on !,
