i was considering maybe voting for sp in the next election , but after this debacle , that chance is now gone . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  why would i have voted against it ? 
  and i 'm not saying any of that , you made that up . 
  i 'm actually slightly hoping they just edit the treaty by this time stating that ukraine may eventually be entered into the eu . 
  and then ratify that asap . 
  just to piss off the people who were against , which , thankfully , is still a minority ( 61.1 % of 32.2 % is only 19.7 % ) the rest either recognised they had no authority over a 300 page treaty they did n't read , or just thought it was nonsense . 
  are we now the laughing stock of europe ? 
  at least humanity then , that should be possible . 
  well , maybe a nuclear bomb big enough to destroy the entire planet ... 
  but you ca n't kill an ideology . 
  if you destroy is , and do n't work on local stability in the middle east , you 'll simply get another barbaric organisation . 
  this one politician ( ahem , wilders ) that keeps fucking up our politics . 
  our fucked up politics . 
  people think that one politician from point one is the solution . 
  just saying , might turn out ugly in the long run . 
  yeah , why does the letter `` c '' exist anyway ? 
  it 's always just a `` k '' or `` s '' in disguise . 
  i was going to check that spelling , but i was on a phone , so i was going to do that now :p, 
  the point is that this illustrates claims may be made up . 
  it wo n't always be made up , but it 's no longer crazy to think they might be . 
  when it comes to the refugee crisis , what i think should be covered more is just how proportional these incidents are to the local area . 
  even if you add up all of these cases on this sub , it still is n't that bad if you consider just how many people are coming in . 
  we need more statistical data , not anecdotal evidence . 
  edit : spelling of ane ~ ~ k ~ ~ cdotal, 
  bias is a weird thing . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  they 're looking at own best interest as well . 
  why is ours more important than theirs ? 
  ... have you every tried to point that detector at yourself ? 
  give it a shot . 
  saying i went `` full retard '' is not a valid dismissal of my argument , it 's avoiding the argument . 
  and even if we could , there remains the question if you should block everyone , or let some through , and if you let some through , how do you select who can go through ? 
  this is not an easy problem , do n't pretend it is . 
  the fact that it 's a problem in the first place comes from the fact that control is limited . 
  if we had full control over our borders , over who comes in , everything associated with refugees , then we would 've never had a problem . 
  edit : do n't forget that these people have nothing to lose , it 's not that easy to make them go `` it 's not worth it . '', 
  potential death has n't stopped them before . 
  because are more deserving of life , as we were born in the west , and not in the middle east ? 
  are you suggesting we murder innocent people ? 
  do n't underestimate how desperate some of these people are . 
  let 's not forget that they went on small boats , with a good chance of dying on the way , and they were aware of this chance . 
  if potential death is n't enough to stop them , i do n't think the navy will change the situation too much . 
  the sea is large , and they 'll find a way around . 
  they may even walk if they have to . 
  how can they ? 
  tell people to stay there ? 
  build a wall that costs way too much , which will be built by greek people , takes waaaay too long to complete , may be detrimental to the economy , and probably wo n't work anyway ? 
  if you just try to send everyone who comes in back , they 'll find a way around it . 
  controlling the influx of refugees is like controlling how many meteorites hit earth . 
  you ca n't . 
  that 's a bit of a desperate , costly , and perhaps ineffective measure . 
  if they really want to go here , they 'll just find another way . 
  that 's not gon na stop them , but delay them , maybe increasing the amount of people that die on the way here . 
  also , did n't we just almost kick greece from the eu for monetary reasons ? 
  turkey already has a lot of refugees , i believe even more than most countries of europe . 
  they have a limit too , and are n't nearly as wealthy as europe to provide for them . 
  so we should be able to provide for refugees better than turkey can . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but ... we 're not the ones who decide how much comes in , are we ? 
  the amount of arrivals is only decided by how many people decide to come in , they do n't actually ask the eu for permission ... saying to cut the amount of arrivals is a bit dubious , i think . 
  as if we can control that number , when we ca n't . 
  and the fact that we 're `` running out of time '' is pretty obvious . 
  ca n't say i 'm too impressed with the leadership of my own government , but at least it could be worse . 
  people were supposed to play along . 
  so this is n't even a notch better than / r/european ? 
  why the fuck are people upvoting this comment from someone with this username ? 
  i only came here from / r/all , i set that flair ages ago . 
  i do n't follow this sub . 
  the fact that this got voted up so high while being blatantly false , and still being up so high 3 hours after that has been shown , shows that this sub is a trainwreck . 
  you had your spot in / r/all , and you blew it completely . 
  wilders is an idiot . 
  britain has a chance to survive , but we also have to revert to the gulden . 
  and fuck that shit . 
  who even trusted this guy with anything ? 
  10,000 refugees is not exactly opening the floodgate . 
  that 's why i did n't say that we should do it , but that if that were to happen , then you 'd be able to do stuff . 
  it 's to demonstrate that we have plenty of wealth to share . 
  it 's called taxing the wealthy !, 
  how the fuck do you have an economic degree and have n't though of the idea of fucking taxes ? 
   but yes , we would all be dirt poor if we shared the wealth . 
  this sentiment is n't supported by anything . 
  it 's made up by limited understanding of economics at best . 
  i know people in other places have it real hard , that 's no reason to not share our stupid about of wealth with them . 
  if you take 1 % of the wealth from the wealthiest 1 % of americans , you could easily support a large amount of refugees . 
  the only reason not to is ... non-existent . 
  by that logic , we should all still be dirt poor . 
  so why do we deserve this luxury , and others do n't ? 
  sharing our ridiculous amount of wealth wo n't make us poor . 
  the thing that 's making americans poor is not sharing wealth , it 's the top 1 percent that wo n't share . 
  there is no reason to believe sharing excessive wealth will make you dirt poor . 
  historically , these kinds of things turned out to be investments . 
  when the berlin wall fell , we took in the east of europe with the eu , and we have n't gotten poorer . 
  because the idea that sharing a small amount of your excessive luxury topples your luxury is complete and utter bullshit . 
  to appear to care about everybody in the world is a narcissistic craze now ? 
  are you okay ? 
  i was born and raised in the netherlands , with no problems ever . 
  i uhave health insurance , a high school education and currently go to university . 
  life is fucking great here , i have the luxury to do a shittonne of things i would n't be able to do if i hab n't had so many things guaranteed for me . 
  also , if i want food , i can just go to a store and buy it , no need to chase wild animals or farm shit , all i have to do is get off my lazy ass for 10 minutes to survive for another week . 
  and then there 's selfish ignorant cunts that are n't willing to share this ridiculous luxury we have .
