  they cry that the refugees without a home , without anything come here to take away their luxury . 
  these paranoid morons seriously think that sharing their luxury , that is already shared among millions of people all across europe and the usa will come crubling down just because they have to share it with a few more people that were n't born here . 
  and now you 're calling me selfish for at the very least wanting to give them sanctuary when their already less luxurious lifes have been completely taken away from them due to our reliance on oil ? 
  what a fucking joke . 
  europe does n't have major issues anymore . 
  stop pretending refugees are . 
  we 're living in the easy mode of human life , we can bloody well share it too . 
  they 're not putting 10,000 people on exactly the same place . 
  globalisation is destroying us all . 
  salmonella is a fundamental part of our history , and should be preserved . 
  we as europeans have always struggled with diseases from animals , why wipe that struggle from history ? 
  i say we endorse it , bring salmonella back !, 
  make europe great again !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ for_the_idiots_among_us : _ / s, 
  they are a problem in a student room of less than 20 m ^ 2 , they 're not in a country of 65 million fucking people . 
  there literally is n't an argument to refute , all you 've done is gatekeeping and spouting bullshit . 
  spoken like a kid living a privileged life in a first-world country who will likely have never anything to do with immigrants or poor people . 
  firstly , it was about refugees , not immigrants . 
  at least i care about refugees . 
   demographic and social phenomena happen in time and space , the percentage argument makes no sense . 
  literally fucking everything happens in time and space . 
  the percentage argument makes a lot of sense , it 's called proportion . 
  refugees are not immigrants . 
  10,000 is clearly not unreasonable . 
  it 's less of a percent of the population . 
  ... ummm ... 
  i do n't go to srs ...  i have n't helped any they why the fuck are you gatekeeping empathy ? 
   they all want to reach countries in western europe where they 'll get more welfare and social benefits , and bring all their friends and families too . 
  so the fact that their homes and livelihoods have been destroy is completely irrelevant and ca n't possibly explain why there are so many refugees ? 
  and i though the other guy had no empathy . 
  i mean ... you 're not doing that , right ? 
  you 've personally helped 50 muslims , right ? 
  i 'm not in a position to help them , you ignorant unempathetic bellend . 
  since when is personally taking people in a minimal requirement for empathy ? 
  what ? 
   watching non-edited videos of muslims on hungarian border `` compare this white person with a stable household doing groceries , and this muslim scum without a home being denied help . 
  see how the muslim scum is more annoyed ? 
  dae cultural differences ?!?! '', 
  i 'm having to introduce imaginary numbers to describe your empathy . 
  as with all data in infographs : it 's useless if you do n't know what 's the root cause . 
  also , 2014 data about 2015 ... what ? 
  but whether or not any of that is actually true , or some poorly supported hypothesis , is the question that is being posed . 
  as interesting as it is , they 're terrible flags . 
  very unrecognisable . 
  i recognise most european flags normally , but now i got about five , excluding my own ( seriously ? 
  amsterdam 's crosses ? ), 
  still interesting though , but let 's not use them . 
  ever . 
  the idea is good , given that it has genuinely become problematic . 
  ( looking at you , alt-right ) but ... hate speech needs a very precise definition that mathematicians could even work with , and that might be developed as the law ages . 
  let 's see how this turns out . 
  ... have you ever been in shithole england ? 
  capitalism clearly has n't been working for small towns in the midlands . 
  i get that the public does n't see it that way , but that 's what it means in politics . 
  it 's just creating good pr and trying to start negotiations that way , because you look more impartial . 
  does n't make him an extremist . 
  he could be marxist , but accepting that it is n't perfect and is willing to compromise for solutions that better fit the sociopolitical landscape of the uk . 
  the funny thing is that `` friends '' in politics does n't mean `` friends '' , but `` we should really negotiate something good , please do '', 
  this is the uk , right ? 
  not the usa ? 
  is the sun still stuck in the cold war ? 
   this distortion perpetuated by one of the most popular tv shows in the country to me constitutes a real threat . 
  maybe you should be less of a wuss then . 
  whoosh ...  ( ... ) , you get emotional . 
  if you like it so much learn to handle ciriticism rather than getting butthurt . 
  not exactly a nice way to communicate . 
  outside of that , you 're a smug little idiot who talks about `` statistical analysis '' right before making up some numbers and calling it objective , and then somehow drawing the conclusion that i like bland pop ( i do n't like pop at all ) . 
   eurovision is 99 % extremely bland , shitty , samey , gay and teenage girl appeasing pop trash songs . 
  there is literally not a single objective thing about this . 
  outside of it being incorrect , of course . 
  i clearly did not get emotional over a reddit comment ( lol ) . 
  i meant this post . 
  if you have such an irrational hatred of eurovision , do n't go on a thread about eurovision . 
  especially if you 're gon na act like an asshole . 
  you 're being way too pessimistic and serious about this topic . 
  if you hate it so much , do n't even come here . 
  lordi won in 2006 , so it was proven that standards do exist . 
  i was hoping europe had standards , i guess . 
  i will never understand what people liked about bulgaria 's song , and what people did n't like about france 's entry . 
  i 'm so glad that portugal won though . 
  their song was , by far , the very best . 
  no contest . 
  very happy to see spain and germany end at the bottom . 
  spain was generic repetitive bs , and germany was titanium without emotion . 
  watching eurovision was a great way to remind myself why i do n't like pop . 
  i wonder if that would actually be the effect . 
  but yeah , let 's hope that does n't happen . 
  it depends on very specific things , yeah . 
  that 's culture , the exact nature of an incident , context etc. 
  that 's complicated . 
  but then again , macron is strictly center , so i do n't think any other party would feel anything even if the center was hit . 
  macron is not associated with a classical party though , so even if he fucks up massively , he 'll take all of the blame , and the other two parties that are n't fascist will still be fine . 
  thanks france , you will not be added to the list of disappointments . 
  please just do n't vote lepen . 
  if you 're going to , vote macron instead , or stay home . 
  just not lepen . 
  we kept our monster out of leadership , you do the same , please . 
  that would actually be the worst possible thing that could happen to the world right now . 
  in this time , i wish for anything but a weak , fractured and completely useless europe . 
  i feel for you man .
