okay , i was wrong about april and right about every other month :d i will also remind you in may and june  but yesss deny there is a problem . 
  yes i ca n't wait when your next generations will have to share schools with sharia fanatics . 
  will be fun to watch to be honest . 
  or you will just convert and it will be all right  this or segregation . 
  i know you guys are patient , but i think you will snap to be honest . 
  http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/country.php?id=502 0-500 daily in greece . 
  you now believe me and admit i am right ? 
  that will easily make `` thousands '' in a month . 
  my point is not valid because the last 2 months there were less `` refugees '' ? 
  the problem with turkey is the fact that it 's ruled by an narcisstic madman who uses the refugee card to force his political agenda and is completely unreliable . 
  but i agree in general . 
  the sea will get calmer and warmer , erdogan will get offended about some of your comedians again ... 
  i agree with you on that ( help those who really need help and flee from war ) , but right now there is no effective system to filter them . 
  first source out of my ass ( google ) : i also do n't have time to provide you something better , as you clearly represent the culture of denial : http://time.com/4220455/migrant-crisis-refugees-arrival-europe-2016/, 
  and you still deny that every day there are thousands of people coming here without any ids and other means to verify them . 
  most of them not running from war but looking to exploit the european welfare system or commit crime ? 
  they even rate the refugee centres like hotels , look : https://i.sli.mg/jjunlx.png . 
  there is no plan at all to integrate them into society , they do n't speak the languages , they stress the tax system ( everyone is paying for them ) and they are here to stay . 
  yet for you it 's not a problem . 
  where do you live if i may ask ? 
  so i 'm imagining things right ? 
  europe is n't being flooded ? 
  japan : wierdos and perverts bying used panties and getting horny after watching tentacle porn . 
  take that !, 
  i actually really like japan , 
  wow , i feel bad for you that you had to write this logical and coherent text just to get this kind of shitty response . 
  take my upvote . 
  well if you want to skip the historical context it 's hard to argue  i 'm just trying to show you the reasons people think like that . 
  i guess it 's hard to compare and understand cause for every nation the same things may mean something totally different . 
  for example wwii made germans feel shameful about their own country , while for poles it 's compelety the opposite . 
  we take pride in our resistance and the fact we were not wiped from tha map after years of communism . 
  it made our national identity stronger . 
  right now islam is considered a threat to europe , and while it may not be the case and all the new generations will integrate , find good jobs and live by our values - you ca n't blame people for taking a careful approach . 
  starting to inegrate them now , before it will get out of control like in the west ? 
  and integrating means accepting the culture of the country you live and and embracing it . 
  women do n't have to cover their faces in latvia . 
  no , it just shows how you decide to ignore important problems that europe is facing right now . 
  but you will sit there in your chair and tell `` people in eastern europe '' who were invaded for centuries ( and somehow managed to survive that ) that being suspicious is a bad thing . 
  well it kind of turns out we are right about it , 
  they are irrelevant in the context of the whole society and their well being . 
  sad but true . 
  you ca n't please everyone , no one solved this problem . 
  okay man , i respect that  but in my opinion it is still a good decision by latvia . 
  thet do n't hurt anyone now , but who know what the future will bring . 
  yeah , absolute freedom with access to everything . 
  let 's drive with tanks and reject state security . 
  survival of the fittest !, 
  because it 's their country and they have a right to do it for whatever reason they wish ( only for indentification would ba good enough reason ) . 
  i somehow think the population of latvia supports it as well so win - win . 
  in germany standing up for your country makes you a nationalist . 
  we just have a different approach on reality , ca n't blame him , 
  well , than he is even more retarded :d what sort of comparision is this ? 
  we should 've killed more germans in september 39 and we would be cool ? 
  nice try my man :d you 'll have some people triggered in 3 ... 2 ... 1, 
  they will write a guide in arabic how to treat public servants . 
  this will solve the problem . 
  what a brainwash  i wonder how this list is made , probably smoething along : `` put all eastern european capitals on the first places and then add the western ones . 
  make sure to skip all our cities !, 
  i travel to berlin frequently and i can assure you that it feels less safe than warsaw , budapest , riga or talinn . 
  especially if you find yourself in some parts of neukoln , kreuzberg or wedding . 
  edit : lol i just read that budapest is n't safe cause the trouble with `` refugeees '' . 
  been there in november , felt really really safe , people were ultra friendly - wonderful city . 
  meanwhile in berlin they are sleeping in parks and harassing people ay u stations , especially women . 
  zakopane is amazing , it should become the official logo . 
  it really captures it 's soul . 
  that 's exactly what 's wrong with pro refugee crowds . 
  he just made an analogy to help you understand the problem and instead of writing something constructive you try to attack him for the words he used . 
  and yes fire is a good analogy , as uncontrolled movement of people can be as dangerous to countries as fire can be to buildings - it can damage the structure . 
  what will happen to the refugess when they get caught ? 
  safe trip to europe ? 
  because i do n't think the me will run out of smugglers any day soon , as it 's a real good business . 
  there are none , that 's why it is such a suprise !, 
   in other places in europe cutting off heads is no biggie anymore ;p, 
  ok i will get downvoted for this but have you ever had contact with a german girl ? 
  worst control freaks you will ever meet , everything needs to be like she wants it to be . 
  it 's basically the same with germany as a political entity - if something does n't go according to their plan , they get really , really salty . 
  germany just likes to treat poland as the inferior neighbor and they often bash us , but that 's fine , we do n't love them too much as well and for good reasons ( this is from a political perspective , i have some really good german friends who are great and nice people , so chill ) . 
  right now they just try to bullshit people with unimportant stuff like this ( from a german 's perspective ) cause there is a lot of wrong stuff going on in their own country and it seems to get out of control . 
  i 'm so mad . 
  the airbus model was the best - as many military experts stated before and this was actually the chopper they wanted . 
  it was the only one that met all the requirements . 
  but fuck that , we will fly garbage helos cause they are built in poland ( pis logic ) . 
  i thought that when it comes to weapons , priorities are different . 
  anton aus tirol :d beautiful mountains and landscapes, 
  thanks freud  panslavism - wow , you almost go as far as our friends calling people nazis for a different opinion on certain topics . 
  it 's far from perfect man , but it 's like that in poland for every ruling party . 
  they just take over public media and put their people there . 
  there are still private channels . 
  what 's the difference when compared to germany ? 
  media have their agenda as well there . 
  i just try to tell you that if i have to choose - i prefer crazy right wing guys in the tv than worrying for my relatives . 
  i kind of agree here and i 'm far from praising the right governments and calling them the perfect solution , but hey - people are getting assaulted on the streets over there because mindless politicians made some really stupid decisions , can it get worse than that ? 
  yeah like the bashing did n't start with the refugees drama  but ok - tunnel vision mode on . 
  maybe some polish cities look like shit , but hey ... you know why , 
  love my hungarian brothers and sisters . 
  thanks for standing up for us . 
  while i always leaned more to the left side , the situation in europe now made me rethink many things . 
  i think czech republic , slovakia and romania are going to join the team as well . 
  call us rednecks of europe , fuck it , i want to be able to spend my new years eve in peace . 
  the bashing we get in german newspapers only makes us stronger and proves , that we believe in the right thing .
