  you sound like a true american . 
  expanse of raising a child is one thing , but where am i supposed to raise kids ? 
  in my parents basement or 2 bedroom 40m2 flat that i will pay back for the next 30 years ? 
  norwegian inmates have more luxuries than i do . 
  seems about right . 
  is it ? 
  i do n't recall any recent neonazi attacks . 
  is there some minimal payment ? 
  say i 'm unemployed , what now ? 
  is banishment a thing anymore ? 
  that was a rhetorical question , forgot about poe 's law . 
  my bad . 
   also , we 've had polish murderers in denmark before . 
  should we preemptively ban all polish from entering denmark ? 
  had any pole made any terrorist attack in name of christainy , poland or any other ? 
  sure , it 's not as easy as `` islam = terror '' . 
  the whole point seems very similar to american `` guns do n't kill people '' argument . 
  sure , but why they have to radicalize around those shitty values ? 
   it should n't mean we rest on our laurels . 
  and we are not resting . 
  just keep in mind that influx of muslims will do no good for the lgbt movement . 
  i jumped my guns , sorry . 
  i 'm tired and shocked . 
  i know what you mean , and i agree . 
  shit like this should not exist , but it does . 
  unfortunately history shows that it will not change . 
  so you believe you are the same as guy who just killed 140 people in name of the artificial power ? 
  you are right , but many people do n't understand what you mean . 
  a rise in government spending = government investments ( carried out by national business ) like roads , railways , schools or army a rise in government spending ! = more clerks and foregin cars it 's about stimulating economy . 
   anyone that ~ ~ is n't from north america ~ ~ that raps deserves to be droned to be honest if you ask me , but why even bother ? 
  some people like rap ( for unknow reason to me ) , even german rap , let them be . 
  ( as long as i do n't have to hear it . 
  yes , i 'm looking at you dipshit playing music on speaker in a bus ), 
  they got hypnotized by it . 
  keep in mind that it shows refugees not immigrants . 
  change timestamp . 
  it says that it 's missing data from austria , belgium , denmark , spain , finland , united kingdom and 2 other countries for september . 
  so women get better jobs . 
  how is that worse ? 
   we would have different culture and values even if not a single immigrant stepped foot in europe for the past 50 years . 
  could you explain what you mean . 
  i ca n't figure it out . 
  : /  rest exactly , and we can hardly come up with solutions to problems . 
  now add another layer of difference in culture . 
   the stoning is also quite complex how is it complex if you just stated that christians do n't stone people and muslims do ? 
   why you believe that an influx of different looking people because it 's not about that they look different . 
  it is about different culture and values . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqgryjzgwui fortunately the whole band is a parody . 
  mine is . 
  i would read it if it had 30 pages . 
  i will try to read 1598 pages too , it will just take me more time . 
  probably it will be ratified before i finish . 
  length is not a problem to me . 
  i realize it has be detailed . 
  for rest see my other replay . 
  sure , now throw some fear mongering media and you have strikes on streets . 
  what 's more elections are never unanimous . 
  elected people never have same ideas on every topic . 
  i realize that trade agreements on this scale have to be complex . 
  what i do n't like is how it is pushed . 
  i have n't heard about it for past few years . 
  and now it came to light when they literally ca n't hide it anymore , with month deadline . 
  yet argument is that it 's ok , because it was worked on for years . 
  how is it helping ? 
  i understand that releasing drafts would n't be great idea . 
  but if you want to come in and say `` here is our secret project , it is your new law . 
  than we have a problem . 
  i 'm not against it just because . 
  i literally have no stance on it because no one thought it was good idea to tell people what this deal is about . 
  also , fuck everyone who says it 's not my problem , and if it were i would know about it . 
  the worst thing about this deal is that document has 1598 pages of plain text . 
  there is no way for vast majority of people to even read it . 
  not to mention to analyzing and understanding . 
  that 's why people will oppose this shit . 
  it 's easy to put 2 sentences that can fuck you up . 
  few misconceptions itt . 
  abortion is already illegal in poland . 
  new legislation prohibits abortions unless pregnancy threatens mother life . 
  right now abortion is legal when it is result of rape , there is risk of stillborn or handicap or mothers life in in danger . 
  traveling to czech republic for abortion is a thing now , and will continue to be . 
  the problem here is money ( see [ / u/helloyesthisisduck ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/55s336/schwarzer_montag_protest_in_berlin_yesterday/d8dcxc5 ) post ) and inconvenience . 
  it mostly limits abortions within the poorest . 
  women wo n't be sentenced for having an abortion aboard , now and after new legislation . 
  simply because you ca n't be punished for crime if you commit in another country ( unless it 's crime there too ) . 
  well , we do have nicer teeth . 
  europe as continent or band ? 
  we all know he is his cat 's legal slave . 
  damn . 
  one part is abandoned . 
  probably people who lived there died and now ownership belongs to 7 people and they ca n't come up with deal to sort it out . 
  `` i 'm just glad op googled it instead of taking a picture of the screen with ~ ~ op 's ~ ~ phone . '', 
  - polish . 
  do n't worry it will be a map anyway . 
  us & brits vs germany . 
  ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n5e7fejhw0, 
  [ but why ? 
  dude , you watch some weak ass porn . 
  this is not more sexual than most of songs by rihanna ( for example ) . 
  i 'm not sure how this song ended on eurovision ( i have no idea how they are picked anyway ) . 
  nevertheless the intro to song points that it 's parody .
