i dunno , fo in countries deprived from weapons would have problems with loot system . 
   do n't have the capacity to take them . 
  simply put , they do n't have buildings setup to receive thousands of refugees . 
  if they were to put them in camps while stuff is being built it will take months . 
  it 's worse since winter is coming , it 's supposed to be a warm winter this year , but who knows . 
  if you want more head to / r/holdmyturban, 
   to look muslim - what does that even mean ? 
  that is exacly :  there is only what our biases towards muslims tell us they look like . 
  and it 's completely legitimate thing . 
  people look different , and distinctive traits are dominant in specific cultures . 
  there is no nazi propaganda behind it . 
  i read somewhere that boats are scrapped , but engines are smuggled back . 
  acording to left wing propaganda , no . 
  this is what confuses me . 
  left wing supports gay rights , trans people , in vitro and all , basicly is pro human rights . 
  now we see them support immigration of people who mostly stand against all their values . 
  i understand that they want to help , but you ca n't help everyone . 
  i suppose the idea was to create lines and wait for your turn , but we can see how it ended . 
  what ultra right wing party ( ies ) are there ? 
  unless you meant pis . 
   we know that children will be born and have stronger ties to the host nation . 
  this works in usa , not so much in uk and france . 
  without question about current place of living this data is really worthless . 
  meh , i can cook for myself . 
  it would be horrible for hungarians and austrian people . 
  buy prepaid card from 1st store/gas station you cross by . 
  he said nothing even remotely racist . 
  expecting people to obey law of country they willingly came into is not racist . 
  hell , giving them special rights is more racist . 
  enjoy cycling long distances in half melted snow . 
  cycling is the only thing you could do ( not really , it 's v. slippery ) because your running shoes will get soaked after minute . 
  it it 's not les then -8 c during day then snow is like wet mud everywhere . 
  it 's not about special rights . 
  the point behind `` it 's all [ mostly ] men '' is that if those were really refugees you would see a representation of demographic , so ~ 50/50 male/female ratio . 
  since it 's usually 80/20 or less it is supposed to be a proof of illegal economic migration , not refugee situation . 
  same goes with age . 
  pictures show mostly young people whereas demographics are different , but here it 's easy to argue that older people do n't want to leave their homes or are not strong enough for travel ( by train or 12 miles out of shore ... ), 
  panhellenic exams seems like mature in poland , yet we are 10th . 
  score from it decides if you get into ( public founded ) university . 
  there are 3 obligatory tests you have to pass : polish , math and some modern language you choose ( usually english/german ) . 
  then you choose what you want to take . 
  you have to pick 2 extras ( for example : physics and advanced math ) , but you can pick up to 5 . 
  i think the rules changed this year , but the idea is the same . 
  results of maura are given as points 0-100 . 
  you need ( not be brain dead ) 30 to pass , yet ~ 25 % fails each year . 
  then you apply to university . 
  simple math ( points multiplied by weight of subject on field of study you apply for ) is made to determine who gets in . 
  people on top get in . 
  everyone knows what do you mean , and everyone knows that you are technically correct . 
  but you are fighting semantics . 
  i know , but we do n't have to tolerate it either . 
  i mean you ca n't promote killing jews ^ ^ 1 ) ^ ^ 2 ) islam really needs to reform if they want to connect with europe . 
  europe ca n't cope with culture that discriminate half of the continent and promotes criminal activities . 
  otherwise tensions will continue to rise , and it will not end well . 
  unfortunately , these are just my unreal wishes . 
  1 ) openly 2 ) anymore, 
  the mission of the swedish police is to reduce crime and increase public safety . 
  through crime prevention , the police work to ensure that fewer crimes are committed . 
  the aim is also for more crimes to be solved . 
  source : https://polisen.se/en/languages/the-swedish-police/tasks-and-objectives-for-the-police-/, 
  would you prefer `` greeted with murder by your local * peaceful * community '' ? 
  sure it is illegal , but some people just do n't give a fuck about law . 
  edit : typo . 
  should it matter ? 
   leaving islam is punishable by death . 
  one would think that incitement to murder is an criminal offence . 
  i guess it 's ok since it 's peaceful incitement . 
  you ( with rest of turks ) has been banned from reddit . 
   hungarians typically hate turks because during the 300 year turkish occupation of hungary , the turks destroyed most hungarian medieval architecture turks are really inefficient . 
  germans can do one city in matter of weeks . 
    ` they ' ( the west ) ` hate us because we sieged vienna/we are muslims , and they do n't want us to be strong  most people in ` the west ' have no knowledge of the siege of vienna or that the ottoman empire ever existed ( unless by ` the west ' you mean ~ ~ serbia and greece ~ ~ the balkans ) . 
  or the austrian empire for that matter . 
  do n't you have history lessons in schools ? 
  these are pretty huge events in european history . 
  i do , but is n't it just a backup dns when primary is not responding ? 
  well , google dns is 8.8.8.8 do 4 numbers . 
  it 's called legal entity and it 's present in every country . 
  yeah , just do n't ignore the fact that europeans are not completely homogeneous . 
  you can take those : \u0105\u0107\u0119\u0142\u0144\u00f3\u015b\u017c\u017a, 
  i think there is perspective coming into play here . 
  they keep their distance , but the photo flattens it . 
  because facts are racist . 
  of course it did , i totally agree . 
  i just thought they were accelerating our economy , not buying voting right in our government . 
  did i say that i prefer russian hegemony over german ? 
  you are looking for things that are n't there . 
  paperspray gel or foam so you wo n't see [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hjlwfvmhzs ) happening, 
  so would tanks . 
  you ca n't be grouped sitting in a closed tank . 
  yes it is . 
  since eu aka germany now is going to tell us what pis can and ca n't do , we are really close to one . 
  capitan sweden will save all refugees . 
  that 's next level of stalking right here . 
  go back to those hps . 
  good for you . 
  keep it up !, 
  you throw them into the pit . 
  would you move in there ? 
  would you like to have azc build in your neighborhood right now ? 
  i remember reading that there was shortage of medical staff in southern parts of poland because they were employed in czech and slovak abortions clinic that are targeting poles .
