song name ? 
  as us will go backwards eu goes forward !, 
  i do n't think anyone from serbia or croatia wants another war , it has ruined us so hard that it 's hard for someone from canada to understand it . 
  in south slavic now = sada . 
  croat here , could understand most of it . 
  quite fascinating actually . 
  judging by your nick you are czech ? 
  here you can find the old croatian language pronounced . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rycdkt5fhss the text is from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ba%c5%a1ka_tablet written on glagolitic alphabet . 
  funny thing is i can understand the context of it . 
  maybe my anger is shifted towards the wrong institution but i feel that germany is the boss of eu and they have the final word in this . 
  our government ca n't really do a thing because even if they changed something it would be against the free trade deal and would get penalties . 
  then again i might be wrong . 
  here in croatia we have dm and muller and as they import stuff from german market you can tell the difference . 
  i am so angry with germany that i kinda understand why uk wants to split . 
  maybe if west would stop making different foods with lower standards for the eastern europe we would n't have shitty health . 
  it is proven that if you buy one brand in eastern europe and then compare it to the same product bought in west , they will be different . 
  the taste , smell and obviously the quality of the product . 
  let me explain being that i am in mid 20s , croat and living with my parents . 
  a lot of people over here live in houses and when houses are being built they think about their children ( some even build additional houses ) . 
  so even if i had a great salary i would n't move out of the house ( i would move to the empty apartment in the house ) . 
  other problem is unemployment and low salaries which just make this worse . 
  ~ ~ tens of thousands . ~ ~ hundreds of thousands . 
  we call it \u010ce\u0161ka . 
  we do n't . 
  also a lot of people here have houses like your father has planned for all of it while he was building the house so when you `` move out '' you just move to the other floor where you have your own apartment but you are all still living under one roof . 
  jeez , just tell them it 's russian , or some ex-yugoslavic language . 
  chavs as most uk citizens ca n't tell the difference . 
  it sux . 
  week is tjedan . 
  good for you . 
  yes it does . 
  there is a difference between respecting an idea and disagreeing with one . 
  without respecting opinions and ideas of people you ca n't respect people . 
  could say the same for you for not respecting someones religion/culture . 
  could n't care less about natural disasters in other countries . 
  to muslims drawing mohammad is more provocative than some dead italian lasagne . 
  croatia budget in 2017 is 17.6 billion dollars . 
  ww2 was won by us and soviets , british had their proxy africa and other bullshit . 
  merkel you fucking traitor . 
  why the fucking are you sabotaging eu ? 
  i do n't , it 's their loss anyway . 
  uk will start to collapse after scotland and n. ireland split . 
  british are cowards as usual and decide to bail when they see fit . 
  could it be that it is artificially created language ? 
  yes father . 
  but we are my lord . 
  serbs call us croats german puppets . 
  we are honored since germany is great . 
  on the other hand i would feel ashamed to be a russian puppet . 
  cool, 
  bosnia can be split 3 ways actually . 
  tensions are high . 
  what is unfinished about schengen ? 
  also why is it so hard to implement a single fiscal union ? 
  ca n't help myself , them brown stains remind me of nutella spreading . 
   t they are not buying the same product they expect to buy , as the branding and labelling hide that from them . 
  they might know a product through experiences in a different country and wish to buy that product , but can be deluded into buying a different product because the manufacturer puts the same label on it . 
   as for your remark : sometimes there are options . 
  sometimes manufacturers produce one variant and push that into a market can confirm this . 
  laundry detergents from poland made for eastern market make your clothes taste of chemical waste . 
  buy the same detergent brand from muller shop ( they import german quality product ) and you can smell the difference . 
  seing you are austrian tells me you do n't have any clue what you are talking about . 
  you have no idea how badly eu treats the eastern europe . 
  go buy nutella in germany then buy the exactly the same product in eastern europe . 
  literary the same name , label , ingredients . 
  open them up and taste them only to find the german one is tasty but the eastern european version made in poland tastes not so good compared to the german version . 
  wait people do n't even know about this ? 
  here in croatia it is known that german , polish etc. 
  factories make 2 types of the same brands . 
  one is for the western market ( best ingredients ) and the other is for the eastern market with shittiest left overs . 
  you can tell the difference by buying the same product in a local food chain store and then go and buy the same product in muller shop . 
  i just hope someone will be smart enough and open up more muller shops that import directly from western market because people over here are tired of shitty products . 
  building a central european terminal on an island . 
  edit : https://www.google.hr/maps/@45.2200032,14.5359992,2474m/data=!3m1!1e3?hl=en the island of krk is actually quite close to the mainland so it is not a big deal . 
  ( around 700m from the land ), 
  how is this going to be good for croatian shitty economy ? 
  croatia will hardly recover . 
  we are losing all the young educated and non educated people . 
  we are actually in severe troubles with medical stuff as young doctors mostly leave the country . 
  in few years we wo n't actually have enough doctors and will have to import them from god knows where . 
  the government is too stupid to use eu funds , i am telling you seriously that no citizen knows how to use eu funds . 
  too much paperwork , large fees and rules . . nothing is being done . 
  not sure if it 's a good idea to be honest . 
  and how do i know ( from croatia ) that all the western media is not false ? 
  i am being serious now , with all the propaganda happening in russia , china . . how can i know that the exact same shit is n't being shoved down my throat from western media ? 
  so what do people from california have in common with someone from new york ? 
  someone talks about unity , and equality . 
  an average person from norway could work for 3 months there and then move to bosnia for the rest of the year and live off it . 
  uk , traitors as usual . 
  only a selfish and ignorant nation could backstab eu like this . 
  i wish i had more experience or money at least . 
  if i had money i wold personally go there and bring you weapons and shells . 
  how can i volunteer to fight for ukraine ? 
  we are the switzerland of the economy growth !, 
  istria , region case . 
  we shall see , i shall laugh . 
  but they will , this country of yours is like yugoslavia 2 . 
  soon to fall apart . 
  can someone eli5 this ?
