  talk eye-to-eye , show the required medical box , spare lights , whatever stuff . 
  this is n't a tip . 
  it 's paying a * fixed and clear price * . 
  asking for tap water looks like you 're being a cheap ass and you do n't want to pay for drinks . 
  restaurants make a lot more profits on the drinks than on the food . 
  it 's so stupid when they change laws based on a single event . 
  i mean , okay if it 's becoming a trend , but random outlier extreme events always happen . 
  it 's mostly security theater and showing to the public that you `` did something '' . 
  this means : `` rambo is having merciless diarrhea . '', 
  the actual guy in the picture is not known , but his red thing in his hair reminded the writer of the movie character [ rambo ] ( http://www.cinemablend.com/images/sections/58482/rambo_58482.jpg ) played by silvester stallone . 
  - nak is a suffix that is used in possessive constructions in hungarian ( i.e. 
  `` has '' something ) . 
  so - nak is not part of the name , it 's there due to grammar . 
  for example [ function ] ( http://2015.function.hu ) ( demoscene ) next month . 
  that 's a minor technical question . 
  their main problem is this flag . 
  they also fined local taxi drivers for having stickers of this on the cars . 
  or for saying `` sz\u00e9kely taste '' on some food packaging etc. 
  it 's the usual symbolic stuff that seems petty in western europe . 
  can anyone explain if there really is such a thing as \u00c1fa refund if you are not a hungarian citizen and you take the goods out of the country ? 
  does one have to pay the home ( in this case serbia ) vat afterwards ? 
  or is there some loophole ? 
  what 's going on here ? 
  which seems earlier ? 
  poor innocent kid . 
  no , we just pick these things up . 
  when adults seem to be so well-versed in `` adult stuff '' they are sometimes wrong , talk political propaganda they read etc. 
  about the tax and stuff , these things are usually organized by the workplace and they have an accountant and you can ask them questions . 
  government offices give you advice when you need to do stuff ( exact procedures and laws change all the time ) . 
  also , you learn it while observing what your parents do . 
  unfortunately , it seems that some parents do n't talk about money and budgeting and how stuff works in front of their kids ( maybe they fear that kids will tell it to their classmates or whatnot ) . 
  handy stuff ? 
  see others ( parents , uncle , friend ) , observe and ask while helping out a more experienced person , read , think rationally , try , fail , try again . 
  there is no magic in this . 
  people mess things up sometimes . 
  i remember fixing electricity stuff with my father all the time and sometimes we 'd discuss a lot , we 'd sketch things on paper , etc. 
  the most important thing is to accept being a beginner , and have trust in the fact that all these things work logically if you have the right `` mental model '' of it . 
  there is no magical trick involved , it 's just common sense and searching and asking . 
  you do n't have to be in some secret club to gain this insider knowledge . 
  your problem may be the so called `` learned helplessness '' , when you block your mind on certain topics and just refuse to move your brain gears , and give up before starting , because `` i 'm just not good at this '' . 
  people say the same about `` i 'm just not good with computers '' or `` i 'm just bad at math '' and so they never even try . 
  interacting with the government , banks etc or being `` handy '' is the same . 
  do n't they teach physics in your corner of the woods ? 
  or was it just a terrible teacher ? 
  it 's basically like betting and gambling . 
  you bet that the value of a company will rise/fall , and either win or lose . 
  stop thinking about it as `` science '' . 
  it 's * the universe around you and inside you * that matters . 
  the main concern is to understand the world . 
  science is a tool , never learn it for its own sake . 
  all the formulas , all the definitions are just housekeeping tools to manage complexity and enable understanding . 
  maybe start by reading stuff by richard feynman , nobel prize winner physicist . 
  his lectures on youtube are awesome , too . 
  xenophobia = dislike towards foreign people/people from different cultures . 
  it 's not a simple topic , there are tons of arguments and tons of misinformation from both sides , tons of propaganda , people with an axe to grind , historical stigma to certain positions , taboos , irrationality , fear etc. 
  it 's how everything is in politics . 
  usually the less informed people tend to be the most vocal and have to strongest black-and-white opinions . 
  when you look at some delicious food , how do you start salivating ? 
  is it just `` oh my god , i want to eat that '' or something ? 
  life ( not just human life ) revolves around eating and fucking , all else are tools to facilitate these two main things . 
  okay that might be a bit simplistic , but the thing is that sexual arousal is controlled by one of the evolutionarily oldest parts of our brain . 
  there 's little conscious control over it . 
  days are longer in the summer . 
  but the brightness is useless early in the morning , and we could make use of that in the evening , so we relabel the hours with higher numbers , so that those early morning bright hours are more aligned with our wake-up patterns . 
  in other words , we do n't want it to be bright at 5 am already , so we relabel that time as 6 am . 
  this also means that the we will have the original 9 pm brightness at summer-time 10 pm , so we can do longer outside activities and do n't need artificial lights . 
  so we set the clock ahead in the spring . 
  this means you lose an hour of sleep because after 1:59:59 am we have 3:00:00 am , because we relabeled 2 am as 3 am . 
  many people think it 's great to have multiple cultures and people with diverse backgrounds in the same region because it lets us concentrate on how we share our basic humanity , we can learn practices and philosophies of others , we become more open minded and tolerant with people who are not the same as ourselves , etc. 
  racists and xenophobes often do n't like people of different cultures because they think the cultures are incompatibe , they ca n't be trusted , they are dangerous , threatening , unknown etc. 
  again , it 's not a simple thing , nobody is a caricature and there are valid claims on both sides , and both sides like to make the other appear totally dumb and having a background agenda . 
  they misrepresent the other side , or even how the other side thinks about them . 
  also these topics are usually mixed in with lots of other controversies , it 's not a simple `` evil haters '' vs `` peaceful kind people '' . 
  there 's a spectrum and variety of opinions . 
  you have to actually think and read up on the facts , cultures , the history , etc. 
  to form your own opinion . 
  nobody will spoon feed it to you , of if they do , you can be guaranteed to get a biased picture . 
  remember to use critical thinking and multiple sources . 
  saying `` i want to preserve european culture as dominant in europe '' is seen by some as a xenophobic statement . 
  saying that a culture is inherently better or has more right to be somewhere is also seen as xenophobic by some . 
  these words have no hard definitions and you should n't waste too much time trying to figure out what counts as what . 
  concentrate on the content of your opinion , not how people label it . 
  and that collective agreement sometimes goes down to toilet and you get [ hyperinflation ] ( http://www.warhistoryonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/inflation-2.jpg ) . 
  the universe is very much like nothing , but with structure . 
  a structured nothing . 
  you may like lawrence krauss ' book on `` nothing '' . 
  i do n't think it 's a good idea to have random laypeople botch up some approximate translation of your medical report . 
  you should discuss it with a doctor . 
  once you have a two star wanted level they pull out their guns and shoot at you . 
  things popping up that you have to close . 
  like this semi transparent thing and you can already see the text of the article but they pop something in your face . 
  i never read it , i just scan for the close button . 
  basically , know science , be interested in actual science not just the flashy cool things . 
  understand statistics , statistical significance ( * really * understand what the numbers mean ) , have a basic idea of how science operates , when something can be trusted , what are red flags in press releases , etc. 
  also , i think some science degree should be a requirement for anyone writing about science in newspapers or magazines . 
  it 's * so * easy to get things * totally * wrong , and by that i mean sometimes the * exact opposite * of what is said in some paper . 
  go back to the original source , read at least the abstract of the original paper , read the website of the author or contact them , etc. 
  but it 's not always the journalist 's fault i guess . 
  there 's a huge pressure on magazines and news portals to churn out ground-breaking , earth-shattering , `` this will change everything '' , `` revolutionary '' stories every day . 
  there is no time left for fact-checking , the reader wo n't really care , so quality suffers .
