native speaker here , i 'm going to be honest . 
  i could only understand a couple of words here and there , maybe 5-10 % . 
  i would n't even recognize it as being hungarian . 
  her accent is very strong . 
  i do n't want to offend anyone , you asked for critique . 
  we can talk sometime if you want . 
  look up the diamond-water paradox . 
  somewhat similar issue . 
  bud spencer, 
  if he has n't learned a foreign language yet then he has nothing to compare it to , so he wo n't have false expectations so it 's the best case , 
  when hungarians learn english , it 's the same difficulty , just more exposure through movies , songs and websites . 
  this is a misconception . 
  no language has `` more rules '' than others . 
  online resources are low quality . 
  i 'd recommend buying a good book and some cd , like pimsleur . 
  listen to online streams of tv and radio or youtube videos of these . 
  even if you do n't understand , you 'll get a hang of the intonation and sounds . 
  besides reddit , the unilang forum community and wordreference.com forums have very nice and helpful people . 
   how young hungary is, 
  have you read anything about hungary 's history ? 
  it was founded in 895 ad and joined the western christian world ( roman catholicism ) in 1000 ad . 
  adopted the latin alphabet as opposed to the cyrillic . 
  took part in the crusades , had all the western art and architectural periods ( renaissance royal courts etc. ) . 
  it was then ruled by the habsburg family ( a clearly western royal and imperial family reaching as far as spain ) . 
  how on earth is this country young or even just young in europe ? 
  would you say that germany is a young country because of the reunification and change of the system ? 
  would you say that russia is a new country because the soviet union dissolved recently ? 
  the fact that the russians left and now there is democracy does not mean that it 's an entirely new country . 
  it may have changed the political system and the size of the territory ( earlier ) but there is so much more to a country than that ( an identity for the people , culture , tradition etc. ) . 
  ( by the way the removal of the last soviet troops was in 1991 not in the 1960s ), 
  okay i accept that . 
  but for me , generally , saying that a country is young has negative connotations . 
  as if it were a child that needs parenting from the outside . 
  so i understand what you mean but a `` young country '' or a `` new country '' sounds as if it popped into existence out of nowhere without its own historical identity and culture . 
  you can get it digitized at places that specialize in this stuff . 
  it looks as is something is missing to the right of `` hogy '', 
  a quick attempt :, 
  destroying from within, 
  i entered, 
  i invigorate its black seed, 
  it shines up like a dark star, 
  the virus of your destiny is growing, 
  you look for it in vain, 
  you just fear it more and more, 
  you know it 's come :, 
  the end of your creation, 
  as it 's growing , you 're shrinking, 
  where should you look for it ? 
  what 's its sign ? 
  you perceive where it is but it 's transparent, 
  it quickly fades , it 's not there any more, 
  how long can it last ? 
  it destroys you from within, 
  but it already, 
  seemed you won but no, 
  your system has buckled, 
  you have to sacrifice more and more values, 
  as your lies are exposed, 
  fear is your pseudopower, 
  it still works , but now against you, 
  the pointer of the scale ( balance ) slowly tips over, 
  as you break into pieces, 
  your demon lords attack you, 
  your tomb temples imprison you, 
  your idols turn against you, 
  your mask has fallen and i can see you ... 
  you wounded me and it made me stronger, 
  you still do n't know which one i am, 
  i already got to know you, 
  and i 'll soon know your name , too, 
  i 'll nail it on the tip of my tongue, 
  `` l\u00e1tszik '' is a better verb for `` to look '' in this sense . 
  it means a mixture of `` appears to be ... '' / `` seems '' / `` looks '' . 
  as others said , `` t\u0171nik '' ( `` seem '' ) is also good . 
  they should have been more careful about wording . 
  this is an incredibly emotionally loaded topic ... 
  but crime prevention is necessary . 
  should we also tear off stickers from buses and metro stations saying `` beware pickpockets '' ? 
  does that sticker say that it 's the victim 's fault ? 
  no , but if they steal your money you got your money stolen . 
  it does n't matter who you blame . 
  it already happened . 
  if burglars get into your house and steal stuff because you did n't lock your door , it 's not your fault but this does n't help you ... 
  if you get into a bad neighborhood at night and someone stabs you with a knife , how much does it help you that you know it 's the criminal 's fault ? 
  yes , because sharing with your friends and being a good neighbor is good . 
  if a friend told me that i 'm not allowed to photocopy some lessons because that would be `` piracy '' , they would n't stay my friend too long . 
  also , people are poor . 
  schools are very inefficient in foreign language teaching . 
  kids whose parents can afford it usually take extra lessons from a private tutor . 
  these little expressions are very powerful in english but more difficult to translate into hungarian while keeping it short and poignant . 
  `` show desktop '' is just a verb phrase but it can also be interpreted as an imperative that the user tells the computer like `` show the desktop , please ! '' . 
  the fact that english does n't use conjugation or other suffixes in the imperative makes it a lot easier to `` just put words one after the other '' and get a meaningful result . 
  in hungarian you have to be more `` precise '' as to what you mean . 
  the convention in software translation is that we use the `` gerund '' ending - \u00e1s / - \u00e9s , which is very similar to the english - ing . 
  as the other commenter noted , it 's like `` the showing of the desktop '' . 
  it says what the action is that the button performs . 
  slide to unlock is different because it is an instruction to the user ; the user needs to do the sliding , while show desktop is what the computer does . 
  so here we need to use an imperative in hungarian to give instructions to the reader `` do this , please '' basically . 
  `` cs\u00fasztassa el a felold\u00e1shoz '' is literally `` slide it away for the unlocking '' . 
  this sort of `` do x to y '' ( e.g.
