  so slovakia was n't `` occupied by hungary '' , the area was simply part of hungary and then the nationalist movement then caused it to become independent . 
  there was a great moravian principality before hungarians settled to the area in the 9th century , but its importance is hugely overrated by slovak nationalist historians and it is a huge stretch to see that principality as the precursor to today 's slovakia . 
  they mean normal school teachers . 
  finnish education has very good reputation ( at least in europe ) . 
  and you think they would n't prefer to work for normal market rates , above the minimum wage ? 
  do you think they like working off the books , without the prospect of pension ? 
  but they ca n't get such jobs . 
  still , working on the black market is often better than working at home . 
  that sums it up . 
  the bottom of the story is that shane tusup ( coach and husband of hossz\u00fa ) is building the `` iron lady '' brand out of katinka hossz\u00fa , american style , with all sorts of products , books , motivational social media posts etc. 
  this is unusual in hungary . 
  we are used to the humble kind of athlete , who swims for hungary , who is honored by the opportunities , who is happy to wear the hungarian swimming dress instead of wearing their own branded baseball caps and swimming dress etc. 
  in the us , it 's very different , just like the whole mentality between the countries . 
  the us is very individualistic , success-driven , where exploding from self-confidence is normal and expected of all people . 
  but this whole concept of a `` personal brand '' is not usual in hungary in this way . 
  but shane probably thought it 's better to have her swim in hungary , as she 's more exceptional here than she 'd be in the us , and also because hungary gives state funds to swimmers , unlike in the us . 
  so they can pump the swimming association to get money for travelling to competitions , to buy technology , and they keep the money from winning prizes . 
  in the us , their sponsor companies would have to pay for most of these things . 
  there the whole thing is seen as business , as everything in america . 
  also , the theatrical things like tearing the proposed contract into pieces at a press conference rubs people the wrong way here . 
  shane does n't know this . 
  he writes speeches for katinka in an american style , not considering that this is hungary . 
  and of course as everything in hungary , now this thing is also about orb\u00e1n . 
  people who hate orb\u00e1n see this as `` standing up against power '' . 
  of course they have no idea what exactly is the problem with the conditions in the swimming association ( as shane is very vague about this ) , but they see this as an opportunity to demonstrate `` against the system '' . 
  basically shane thinks katinka should get more money and she should n't do stuff for free . 
  proponents of her side say that the association is exploiting her when they do n't pay her to promote the 2017 world aquatic championship in budapest and expect her to go to some photoshoots and ad filmings for free . 
  in hungary , athletes usually see such opportunities as something of honor and they are happy to do it for free . 
  it 's one of the perks of becoming a famous athlete . 
  being the face of the world championship hosted in the capital of your home nation is seen as a reward in itself , not as a burden for which you want compensation . 
  and then the anti-government people say , but orb\u00e1n gives so much money for football and not enough to swimming , but they have no idea , actually there is an increase in the funding of swimming nowadays . 
  anyway , it 's massively political now . 
  it does n't matter that gy\u00e1rf\u00e1s is n't a right-wing guy ... now , i do n't want to defend him either , he 's a really disgusting person with all his nap-kelte tv show and the way he becomes friends with any government . 
  so annoying, 
   i 'm sure that you understand that a young thinning male like me do n't want to have his hair washed by a pretty young girl in a harshly-lit room . 
  because what will happen ? 
  you seem to have unhealthy confidence issues with this . 
  you 're a customer there . 
  they cut your hair and it 's done . 
  a barber sees all sorts of hairs , long , short , thin , thick , on old people , on young people . 
  would you also not go to a female dentist 's if you had ugly teeth ? 
  edit : by the way , the general rule is that as an american or western european foreigner you 'll probably want ( and can afford ) a few more frills with everything ( food places , bars , barbers etc. ), 
  compared to locals . 
  i usually go to some better , but simple and cheap barber shops ( $ 7-8 ) , but i have no special requirements , just a simple haircut . 
  there are even cheaper ones , for like $ 4 , but they are often really clumsy and they messed up my hair a couple times at such places . 
  i also prefer not to hear the stupid drama at the cheap places , like complaining among hairdressers , hearing them talk really stupid stuff about manicure , celebrities etc. 
  you , however , do n't speak hungarian and want a special haircut and are probably used to a higher-quality service than the general cheap barber shops/hairdressers here . 
  for you it 's really just less of a hassle to go to a more expensive place , as the cheap one may disappoint you . 
  another important point is that in general , most hairdressers are women ( both young and old ) in hungary , even in cheap places . 
  actually , there are more men working in the more expensive places . 
  but it 's really not an issue , they have many more things to worry about than to `` laugh '' at the thin-haired customer . 
  because science is not based on anecdotes and witness testimonies . 
  it 's a kind of `` joke '' of some sort . 
  the source of humor is the contrast between on the one side the simple hungarian grandmother , the traditional-naive genre of wisdoms drawn on textile like this and on the other side the cosmopolitan and `` alternative '' world of bowie . 
  it 's an example of endearing-melancholic humour that 's a bit hard to convey in words if you have n't experienced the actual hungarian life . 
  not in case of strong evidence . 
  for example the fact that penicillin works is not based on a subjective reality bubble . 
  yes , there are problems with peer review , but when we talk about science we also have to consider the huge amount of knowledge that we already take for granted . 
  not just the bleeding edge current research , because that 's often still controversial . 
  `` science '' is stuff like genetics , stuff how superconductivity works etc. 
  and these are used in practice and they work . 
  it 's not the same as the newest poorly written diet research that some women 's magazine writes about . 
  we are currently nested under this comment :, 
   meanwhile , everyone in accepted science says psi phenomena do n't exist , while the scientists who find results are conveniently exiled to journals of parapsychology and `` irreputable '' publications . 
  and you said that scientific peer review is just an intersubjective reality bubble , which in this context seems to mean that psi-advocates are just exiled by mainstream scientists because of tribalistic social reasons . 
  if psi phenomena exist , you could demonstrate them . 
  it 's not subjective . 
  demonstrate it the way science demonstrates that penicillin works . 
  take high quality photos of the ghost . 
  put all sorts of sensors in the haunted house . 
  if it detects something out of ordinary , i.e. 
  a ghost , then you made a big discovery . 
  nobody has done this yet , so we do n't believe that there are ghosts . 
  but there are many interesting , almost legendary-sounding creatures that we know exist , like weird-looking sea animals or huge aquatic monsters ( like whales and big sharks ) , and we know they exist because people took photos of them and they captured them . 
  now , if you want to argue that ghosts exist , we wo n't just accept your word for it , but will want to have some kind of evidence for it . 
  otherwise we 'd end up believing too many things that people have dreamed up , and we would n't be efficient in knowing how to make the right choices in designing things , because we 'd become confused and supersitious . 
  also , [ this ] ( https://xkcd.com/808/ ) . 
  penicillin cures , regardless of the patient 's perspective . 
  the nuclear bomb blows your city up , regardless of your cultural beliefs . 
  if a child has a specific damage to one of his chromosomes , he 'll have down syndrome . 
  halley 's comet returns on time , as calculated with scientific equations . 
  people went up to the moon using science . 
  these facts are n't the product of some intersubjective reality bubble , they * work * . 
  sure , if you really * want * to believe in magic and supernatural things , nobody can make you not believe in them . 
  show a ghost to a skeptic . 
  has anyone done it ? 
  i do n't mean washed out , blurry , dark photos . 
  there are perhaps boneheaded `` skeptics '' who would n't believe it even after a rigorous and systematic verification ( by expert people who can demonstrably understand the calculations and reasonings involved in things that produce reliable predictions , i.e. 
  scientists ) . 
  now these boneheaded people are irrelevant . 
  most of the curious and smart people would accept the existence of ghosts . 
  i mean , why not ? 
  just because of some personal hate against ghost-believers ? 
  the best scientists are people who are eager to know how the world actually works . 
  they 'd be delighted to learn something really new , like the existence of ghosts . 
  it would be awesome !, 
  it would mean there is a spirit-stuff , beyond ordinary matter , that can fly around and react with photons . 
  we could learn what substances they can fly through or how deep they can penetrate them , what is their top flight speed . 
  maybe if we learned how to communicate with them , they could even fly to faraway planets and bring back data , which would be a lot cheaper than sending spaceships ( depending on their flight speed ) . 
  they would also be useful in the military .
