  asylum is for those immediately persecuted for their race , religion , ethnicity , political views etc. 
  because if they legally allowed it , they 'd be overrun by millions and tens of millions . 
  they use the eastern european countries as deterrent . 
  nobody is being killed in turkey , lebanon or jordan where most of the former syrian refugees , now migrants are coming from . 
  and yes !!, 
  i know that life is crap and shit in those refugee camps . 
  let 's increase the humanitarian aid and help these camps . 
  let 's fund schools . 
  yes , the rich countries should give charity and aid . 
  we should also try to stabilize the region on the long term . 
  but they have no right to cross 10 borders illegally on their own decision to find the best welfare state in western europe . 
  why do we let * them * do this but not those who live in desperate , terrible , utter poverty in bangladesh or congo or a brazilian favela ? 
  why ca n't those utterly poor people with hopeless futures and nothing but crime or drugs to turn to , come to the swedish or danish welfare system to get a thousand dollars per month for free , just for existing . 
  why only the people who have the courage and resources to pay human traffickers to bring them across the sea . 
  why only the people who are determined enough to break through police lines and attack the border guards to force their way in ? 
  many are first registered in hungary ( more than 150,000 this year ) because greece does n't register them . 
  still , hungary will not take them , you can bet on it . 
  if it means being thrown out of the eu , then so be it . 
  they entered the eu in greece , and greece ca n't argue that just because they broke the law by not registering them , now hungary has to take them . 
  hungary wo n't take them and you can only force them on hungary by aggression . 
  hungary is willing to offer asylum on a voluntary basis for people who are in refugee camps near syria . 
  but breaking the door on us is not the way to do it . 
  if you come illegally without invitation and your life is n't in danger in the immediate country where you 're coming from ( e.g. 
  serbia ) then goodbye . 
  about which part ? 
  70 % of hungary 's potential voters support either fidesz , the national conservatives or jobbik the far-right party , both of which are against illegal economic immigration . 
  about accepting real refugees : this is not a question of percentages and statistics . 
  most asylum seekers in hungary either leave before the process ends or are simply not eligible for asylum according to international and national law as found by the hungarian courts ( which are independent of the government by separation of powers ) . 
  i did n't use the word kick . 
  why are you so hostile towards me ? 
  [ here 's another survey ] ( http://www.hirmagazin.eu/assets/uploads/2015/09/hirmagazin_2015-09-26_135705.jpg ) . 
  from top to bottom :, 
  * is against illegal immigration, 
  * supports the border fence, 
  * supports eu quotas, 
  the 4 silver stripes are the important part of the \u00c1rp\u00e1d stripes . 
  allegedly , they represent the 4 most important rivers in hungary at the time ( danube , tisza , drava , sava ) . 
  it 's not the right approach to learning hungarian . 
  do n't go by lists . 
  learn things like declension , conjugation , possessives etc. 
  gradually , like g99 said . 
  but just to see them collected , there 's a [ list in wiktionary ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/appendix:hungarian_suffixes ) . 
  nobody can tell you what will happen in 11 days . 
  maybe border crossings will have to be closed temporarily , maybe not . 
  it depends on whether hungary closes the green border and forbids illegal crossing in practice and how croatia will react . 
  fidesz will surely not stop it for hungarians outside hungary . 
  but there are many fake applicants in ukraine or serbia just to get eu citizenship . 
  there should be stricter control . 
  visiting as a tourist vs. living in hungary are very different things . 
  you wo n't have anything close to your norwegian quality of life if you remain a sales assistant . 
  you must understand and accept this , otherwise you are in for a huge disappointment . 
  look up the prices and salaries and try to play budgeting to get a feel for the actual numbers . 
  as others have pointed out , teaching norwegian may be your best bet , but of course a native speaker is n't automatically a teacher and does n't necessarily want to become one . 
  buying farming land as a foreigner is indeed hard , but i also think it is a national security issue as otherwise foreigners could easily buy up the land of hungary due to wealth differences . 
  of course some foreigners still succeed but it often involves shady or even illegal business . 
  i think you should get a language course book and read and watch stuff that you are interested in . 
  what topics do you like ? 
  sports ? 
  science ? 
  history ? 
  music ? 
  politics ? 
  it differs from person to person , but i 'd rather read about something i 'm interested in , even if i do n't fully understand it , than dull , artificial , limited-vocabulary stories . 
  this kind of quality home-made-food restaurant counts as fancy bullshit in hungary . 
  everyday people ca n't afford to eat quality food at restaurants on a regular basis ( outside maybe birthdays etc. ) . 
  necessarily what you 'll find is mainly made for foreigners and therefore is n't actually designed for the `` local '' taste . 
  also , foreigners who say they 'd like to eat `` real hungarian food '' ca n't really eat that fatty stuff with lot of meat , cabbage and paprika and f\u0151zel\u00e9ks . 
  the physical fence itself does n't need to be `` effective '' in the sense you think . 
  it 's main effect is that serbia diverted the transport of migrants to croatia and croatia diverted the transport to slovenia . 
  the migrants are * transported * by governments , or at least governments have great influence on it . 
  it 's not like migrants are just walking around on their own . 
  this is a big misunderstanding perhaps intentionally generated by the media . 
  when they show you people marching on dirt roads or fields , those are the border areas where they have to cross on foot , since the governments do n't have the right to take them over to the other country . 
  sorry , i ca n't watch this , he 's a horrible speaker and presenter . 
  i jumped to various parts of the video and it 's unwatchable . 
  anyway , all governments should use free/libre software . 
  a government should never lock itself into using proprietary data formats and proprietary , closed , uninspectable software . 
  of course transition is hard ( `` that button is not where it used to be ! '' ), 
  but necessary . 
  schools should teach free software in the first place . 
   those same uber nationalist hungarians are the ones advocating for putting up the border fences , in essence legitimizing trianon . 
  this is causing orb\u00e1n to face opposition from the even more right ... 
  i have n't seen any such thing in hungarian media or discussion forums . 
  jobbik is in favour of building a fence to stop illegal immigration . 
   look up the jobbik ( neo nazi ) party if you want to see who could possibly be so conservative, 
  this makes no sense . 
  jobbik is n't neo-nazi , they are far-right , radical right . 
  and neo-nazism is not conservativism . 
  jobbik 's 20 % support is not based on ideological intellectual theoretical discussions , it 's protest vote from people who are desperate and ignored . 
  that 's just your own fantasy . 
  nobody criticized orb\u00e1n based on this from the far right . 
  at least try giving some source . 
  i agree . 
  they are n't one 's buddies , they are doing their job . 
  just like it 's naive to think the hot waitress is so eager to get to know me , the hotel staff is friendly because it 's their job , not because they are one 's friends . 
  give them a good tip ( i.e. 
  money ) and thank them with a smile if they served you well . 
  playing friends with hotel staff and getting emotionally attached to them is something that confused people would do . 
   old soviet ruins, 
  that 's not a soviet building in any sense .
