  you should not be proud of cheaters, 
  all olympic athletes use doping . 
  every single one of them . 
  it is extremely naive to believe they do n't . 
  the naivity is close to believing that american `` professional wrestling '' is real . 
   i do n't think hungary have anything like that ,, 
  because the zeitgeist and atmosphere is n't like that . 
  national pride was at its top probably around the 1896 millennial celebrations . 
  nowadays the whole thing is seen as a nationalistic far-right thing . 
  but anyway , usually people are proud about nobel prize winners , inventors and olympians . 
  we usually glorify extremely great achievements , but otherwise do n't encourage smaller scale successes ( `` they were surely just cheating on their taxes '' , `` no way they could be successful without the right connections '' , etc ) . 
  to many people , the whole idea is just wrong , because we should strive for internationalism , federalism , world unification to achieve lasting peace and development of humanity , so they do n't encourage national pride , as it 's seen as divisive . 
  it 's also rare in our culture and mentality to say that something general is `` pretty good '' in our country . 
  i mean , not individual achievements , but broader stuff . 
  we are mostly a complaining culture and saying that something is `` pretty good '' would indicate that we 're so well off that we do n't even notice how shit things really are . 
  for example , say whatever you want , public transport in budapest is pretty great . 
  yeah how can i say it when the metro 3 constantly burns down etc. , i know . 
  it 's not perfect , but a lot better and more complete than in many other cities of comparable size . 
  anyway , i think it should be an outsider that can point out such things for us , because if you 've only lived in hungary , how can you know what 's good in international comparison ? 
  not sure why that kid would be `` retarded '' . 
  it 's probably popular with 10-year-old city kids who have never seen hens and roosters except as food and go `` haha he 's a rural kid , so funny '' . 
  let 's be the devil 's advocate for the moment . 
   the architecture is gorgeous, 
  people get used to the beautiful landmarks , and otherwise only notice the half-ruin buildings in bad neighborhoods . 
   strong tradition in education and universities with many first rate scholars and inventors, 
  most were jews and were driven out of the country and made their discoveries in countries like the us . 
  also , the current quality of the education system is pretty bad . 
  the top universities are quite good from the students ' point of view , but are n't exceptional in research . 
   hungarian resistance in the face of oppression ( even if not always successful ala gyurcsany ), 
  did n't achieve much , though . 
  1703-11 was crushed . 
  1848 was crushed . 
  1956 was crushed . 
   your wonderful alchohol ( esp . 
  and the widespread alcoholism ( not fun & party , but real alcoholism ) . 
   your beautiful women . 
  foreign women say that the men are n't half bad either , 
  that would be sexist . 
  also people say that about slavic and scandinavian girls as well . 
   strong rural traditions in a modern world . 
  considered backwards by some i guess , quaint by others . 
  that 's a bit patronizing . 
  it 's crap , there are no jobs , and there is a lot of poverty , gypsies and decay . 
  nothing quaint about that . 
   your healthcare system . 
  i ca n't even ... have you been to a state hospital ? 
  and no i do n't mean private clinics for rich people , nor extra-paid vip rooms in the best hospitals , i mean the hospital that a rural grandpa is sent to . 
  moscar is definitely not a hungarian town/village name , 100 % . 
  it 's almost surely mocs\u00e1r ( meaning `` swamp '' ) . 
  either [ k\u00f6vesmocs\u00e1r ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/k%c3%b6vesmocs%c3%a1r ) or mocs\u00e1r ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/mocs%c3%a1r_ ( szlov % c3 % a1kia ) ) as people have already pointed out . 
  but both are in ( czecho ) slovakia since 1920 . 
  how absolutely certain are you that she was born after 1920 * and * definitely in hungary at that time ( and not czechoslovakia perhaps ) ? 
   i actually need to talk to people more representative of the population . 
  most people in a representative sample would n't speak english . 
  it 's only about 22-25 % who speak english ( mostly young people and highly educated older people ) . 
  most of the population does n't speak any foreign language . 
  these are all advantages , yes . 
  also be a communicative , bubbly , hip , artsy personality , who is interesting to people . 
  i 'm pretty sure some guys can pull it off as well , but it 's more difficult . 
  they 'll never admit this , perhaps they do n't even realize it themselves . 
  that 's why this sort of people are so often naively idealistic . 
  they see a much better world around them . 
  i mean , 3-4 hours working per day , which includes hanging out and having fun , and you are given a place to stay ? 
  well , then you 're not `` affording it '' , you 're simply given shelter by someone as charity basically . 
  if i wanted to be mean i 'd say it 's leeching . 
  also , not everyone can do freelance work , not everyone is good with the style of blogs that actually make money . 
  when people say they ca n't afford to travel , mostly it 's true . 
  because they are n't the kind of person that will be given shelter for free . 
  also , many people need to support others as well , not just themselves . 
  yeah , i remember reading such things at askreddit . 
  it 's a classic topic in literature by the way , women getting old and starting to become grumpy and hate the new generation of beautiful girls . 
  but this illusion has a good side to it as well . 
  such people will have the necessary optimism and happiness and idealism that can motivate them to do good things . 
  if everyone was grumpy and frustrated , it would be bad . 
  and they themselves often give back a lot , too . 
  it depends of course , there is always the egoistic type , but those that just believe the whole world is nice are usually nice themselves too . 
  so there is some feedback in this as well . 
  you get a lot of encouragement , you become more confident and open , so people are attracted to you more , which feeds your confidence , all without noticing it happening . 
  but then again , this sort of discussion can quickly swing to the other extreme , resignation , fatalism , etc. 
  attractiveness is certainly not everything , it 's just a sort of `` easy mode '' . 
  still no reason to give up if you are n't in this position . 
  and by the way there is an analogue of this on a global level . 
  we take for granted many things , like heating , clean water , quality food , rights to travel , rights to go out and do stuff ( basic freedoms ) etc. , that many people do n't have . 
  we get lots of opportunities due to our citizenship and family that are very hard to get for most people on earth . 
  american fast food is not the really the default cheap , simple food here . 
  for example subway ca n't be considered cheap at all . 
  for the same price or even less , you can get `` normal food '' ( schnitzel , pasta , p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt , fish , meat with cabbage , stews , soups etc. ), 
  at basic places ( usually markets , shopping malls or elsewhere ) . 
  i 'm from budapest and here this behavior is even weirder than it would be in the us . 
  it 's not usual to talk to strangers in hungary , much less than in the us . 
  there is no forced small talk , we just do the stuff we need to get done . 
  also , this kind of behavior in my eyes is very obnoxious , it seems like he `` claims '' this area as `` his territory '' , by walking up to everyone and disturbing them . 
  this fits a certain tourist stereotype , who think they are now in a not-so-important place , where they can live out all their repressed desires . 
  for example british drunkard assholes are pretty well known to be loud , piss everywhere etc. 
  because they feel stuff is so cheap ( it is , for them ) , and they feel they are `` just in backward eastern europe '' , not somewhere in a `` serious country '' , so they can act like they own the place . 
  another thing : this obnoxious tactic can get you to a certain point , you will get reactions etc. , but most of the reaction is just a way for the people to disengage , they 'll do whatever they must , to get away . 
  they may think it 's best to high five , just to get away , or a girl might kiss you on the cheek , just as a shortcut to `` get it over with '' . 
  but this is usually not the road to meaningful contact . 
  it 's a bit like trapping and confusing them into a situation where their best option to exit is to act friendly , not upset you and just do whatever needs to be done to make him go away . 
  is it really used as the default in the us ( i suppose you 're from there ) .
