  `` slide to unlock '' ) is another very concise grammatical construction that makes these expressions seem so effortless and straightforward in english and the direct translation to hungarian would be clumsy . 
  sounds clumsy because `` feloldja '' could be indicative and it 's also in the third person conjugation and it 's not exactly obvious that it refers to the formal `` you '' . 
  it may mean something like `` slide it so that ` it ' will unlock the screen '' , but what 's that ` it ' ? 
  this computer interface terminology and the usual phrasing constructions were created for the english language originally , and different languages have different constructions that are short and `` sound right '' and are natural so it 's no surprise that the hungarian version is not the exact equivalent . 
  but born in then-hungary . 
  although the first vienna award ( 1938 ) followed the ethnic borders pretty well . 
  squiggly coastlines everywhere ... why so much ? 
  is this an artistic style or did they think it 's like that ? 
  no idea at all . 
  can you provide some context ? 
  is the ` c ' as in ` see ' ? 
  reading too many simicska interviews ? 
  i guess it 's `` a szents\u00e9g '' ~ pronounced something like o-sen-cheyg . 
  means `` the holiness/sacredness '' . 
  it 's a somewhat old-fashioned mild swear . 
  a = the ; szent = saint/holy/sacred ; - s\u00e9g = - ness, 
  to the extent that such a generalization can work , it does have some insight . 
  western europeans seem quite naive and follow the rules consistently because they have enough money to not care about gaming the system . 
  of course there are criminals who do it , but still many people take pride in not resorting to such lowly tools . 
  they follow the spirit of the rules and not bend the letter of it to their advantage so much . 
  a huge difference is in customer service . 
  in we , people in shops and supermarkets are really helpful and seem to smile genuinely . 
  if you ask where is x , they 'll take you there and show it . 
  in ee you get a frown and shrugs . 
  in ee you have to fight and insist for everything . 
  even for warranties of world-famous brand gadgets , whereas in we , you 'd just get a new one automatically . 
  this of course goes both ways , because the retailer has to be careful because the customer is also not always to be trusted . 
  in ee it 's much more common to try to get away with not paying for buses and trains . 
  or eat extreme amounts at all-you-can eat buffets . 
  be fascinated by anything that 's for free . 
  indeed , in the west people seem to trust politicians and governments much more . 
  they 'd deny this , but we see it . 
  news are serious and respectable . 
  politics is boring and dependable . 
  i guess in ee you always have a sort of snarky irony to everything . 
  news are often pretty absurd and politics is a bigger deal . 
  you always look for the catch and where they are lying . 
  i 'd say the biggest difference is the amount of trust that strangers have in each other , especially in work/money-related or customer/retailer or government settings . 
  whether something is hard is extremely , extremely subjective . 
  if you 're passionate about math , programming , logic , if you like to sit and ponder about math and puzzles as a pastime , if you enjoy learning about these things , then it 's not hard . 
  if you are just forcing yourself because it is a growing branch and the job prospects are good , then it will be hard . 
  i did computer engineering at bme and i liked it and it was n't hard for me . 
  i finished it on time and with `` highest honors '' . 
  i never had to force myself to do it , i enjoyed it . 
  ( and yes i did have a smooth social life and went out drinking quite often ) . 
  i know a lot of people find it weird to like learning about theorems and proofs and algorithms and for them it may be a kind of hell . 
  if i had to study mechanical engineering and different types of cog wheels and designs , or civil engineering and different bridge constructions and road intersections , it would have been very very hard for me because i just do n't care about that and find it boring . 
  when you do n't care and have to force yourself you already lost half the battle . 
  so if you like math and theory as well as programming , you 'll do alright . 
  try to make study groups where you can explain stuff to each other and motivate each other . 
  not with whiny people that are just hoping to * finally * end this whole university thing but people who are there by their own will and because they are interested in what they study . 
  it 's really helpful and in my experience most students like to do it and will be open for such things . 
  one grandparent is not a big deal . 
  as / u/raslonikow said it , the issue is not her dna or her anything but the family . 
  if you date/marry a gypsy girl ( not just a quarter gypsy but a full ) then you 'll have to deal with her family and many times getting involved with gypsy families is asking for trouble . 
  i know this is not politically correct at all but i 'd definitely be cautious and get to know the family beforehand . 
  but as i said , in your case i 'd not worry if i were your parents :, 
  only quarter gypsy, 
  you live in the us, 
  hungary : a fairly old conspiracy theory says that the hungarian language is n't actually finno-ugric , that 's just a fake story fabricated by the austrian habsburgs to crush the national pride of rebellious hungarians by making up this story about ( literally ) `` fishy '' relations . 
  they say that hungarians are descendants of scythians , huns , etruscans or countless other fringe theories . 
  ( now these people can not distinguish between linguistic , biological and cultural relations ), 
  `` evolution is a hoax '' is not attention-grabbing anymore . 
  anyone who 's spent a bit of time on the internet knows all creationist arguments and counterarguments . 
  there are millions of articles debating this . 
  make your title about what your novel observation is . 
  yes . 
  the money is now not the mother 's , it 's owned by the heir , and it needs to be determined who that is . 
  it 's very understandable that they are careful , for all they know there * might * be a different heir who 'd get quite upset if they did n't follow the law . 
  this story has nothing to do with bad customer service . 
  it 's a mixture of being far away , not knowing the laws and being understandably generally stressed out from all the processes that need to be done now . 
  hungary is a normal central european country , it 's not some sort of psychothriller movie . 
  yes we complain a lot about corruption and politicians stealing money etc , but the country is not a chaos . 
  millions of normal people live in hungary and while they are n't rich by any means , the system ` works ' . 
  you just need a base level of sensitivity for obvious red flags . 
  the world is n't out there to get you , you seem to get paranoid . 
  do you believe that the company that installed the cameras had connections to the police and they break into those houses with their approval ? 
  how does that even make sense ? 
  they just intalled surveillance equipment !, 
  they would be on video , an alarm would go off etc. 
  you need to chill down . 
  now , i do n't really understand what you 're asking . 
  the family has some internal conflict and you want to put your family members ' deeds on some public online blacklist ? 
  what do you mean by `` karma , or ebay rating , or some other feedback mechanism '' ? 
  you want to write a negative review on your relatives online ? 
  are you sure you understood grandma well ? 
  maybe she 's too old to think clearly ? 
  sitting at home alone all day can make people overthink non-issues . 
  i did n't get what you wanted to say with `` karma or ebay rating '' . 
  i still do n't get it . 
   however , this is the modern era with computers abound . 
  does this refer to the fact that you post on reddit ? 
  genuinely asking , i do n't get how the computer stuff , the ebay ratings and the family problems are related . 
  do you mean ratings of surveillance companies and ratings of law firms ? 
  oh what a great charity this european union is . 
  they truly love us !, 
  haha , that marketplace will be the true no-illusions everyday hungarian experience , 
  it 's really cheap and you have to eat from plastic plates with plastic forks etc. 
  the food is actually very good but it may be a bit depressing for naive tourists . 
  it also closes at 6 pm , so no dinner there .
