  hungary ca n't do anything else . 
  we ca n't defend the greek islands nor can we restore peace in syria . 
  the most we can do is to control our own border . 
  yes , now everyone who has the means to come but has worse living conditions at home , will come . 
  everyone is laughing at the hungarian governments estimate of `` hundreds of millions '' coming potentially , but it 's true . 
  if we do n't stop it , they will come . 
  of course not overnight , but they will continue to come by tens of thousands per day indefinitely . 
  so what should hungary do ? 
  you say `` let others deal with it '' is wrong . 
  therefore i presume we should have kept all the 212,000 migrants in hungary , build the second largest city ( second only to budapest ) for them , accommodate them in hotels etc. 
  or let me guess ... quotas . 
  because that will solve everything . 
  if hungary accepts the proportion of migrants according its gdp , then for every million of refugees 7000 would stay in hungary . 
  but once we have such a system in place , how do we fend off the other people ? 
  people above this 7000 ? 
  with a fence , too ? 
  and how do we keep the 7000 in hungary ? 
  and then what if another million comes ? 
  and another ? 
  germany made it clear that they insist on dublin , schengen and all that staying in effect for now . 
  that means we are not allowed to forward migrants towards germany . 
  it 's simply illegal . 
  it 's strange that you seem to be saying we should just ignore this . 
  you know , schengen is pretty important for many people living in the west of hungary , who work in austria . 
  we do n't want to be thrown out of schengen due to `` inability to protect the border as prescribed by the treaty '' . 
  it 's ridiculous that media seems to suggest that we should somehow ignore eu treaties and just let them pass through hungary when that 's clearly illegal . 
  yes , currently it does happen to some extent , but hungary is constantly working on protecting the southern border . 
  look . 
  if a western european country wants to accept them , all they have to do is hand them visas . 
  if that 's organizationally too hard , then just stand in front of a tv camera and make an official announcement that they accept the people stranded in serbia . 
  but no , they wo n't do that . 
  it 's so much easier to blame hungary for whatever it does . 
  ask them to go to a registration camp ? 
  let them board trains ? 
  getting rid of the responsibility !, 
  cancelling trains ? 
  purposefully hindering them in their travel !, 
  building fence ? 
  what the hell do you actually want that is legal and fits with what western media wants ? 
  when the shit hits the fan really-really hard , history can be retroactively rewritten and the eastern states can be blamed for having let all these people pass . 
  hungary is making sure future western europe can not blame us for not trying to stop it . 
  and that they can not just send them all back to hungary and the balkans . 
  germany 's patience may end at some point and then they will try to make full use of dublin and mass deport people . 
  if we do n't stick to the laws , they can easily disregard our stance . 
  sorry but that 's the mechanics of reddit . 
  if you do n't like this kind of system , you are welcome to read hand-assembled news sources like blogs and newspapers and magazines . 
  the mods are welcome to edit their own blog with the news they are interested in , while leaving the community to vote what they like on the platform that was designed for this . 
  4 hour drive from the airport basically includes the whole country . 
  also , `` f\u00fcrd\u0151 '' is like a `` spa '' , where you can sit in the pool and be lazy . 
  rather , separate the single men from the families . 
  if i were a father in such a risky mass migration situation , i would definitely not let my family be taken away from me . 
  their train was stopped near a refugee camp ( bicske ) and they refuse to go to the camp . 
  why ? 
  because they want to continue their journey to germany . 
  they set off to germany in turkey and they went all the way through greece , macedonia , serbia and now they are in hungary . 
  they were outraged that they were n't let further towards austria so that they could get to germany . 
  they claimed to have been told that the train goes to austria . 
  actually , it was all over the news that international trains are cancelled . 
  this train actually went to sopron ( western hungary ) , but at bicske the police came and told the migrants to get off and go in the camp , because austria has not authorized their entry to austria and they do n't have the necessary papers for international travel . 
  `` food and medicine is in the camp , not somewhere else , so please go there '' . 
  so they went on a `` hunger strike '' and refused to leave the train and train station . 
  this went on for hours and finally they went into the camp but then again they got impatient quickly and left on foot along the railway lines . 
  another group marched on the motorway . 
  seeing the safety hazards in this , the hungarian government transported them to the border with austria ( they refused to go anywhere else and they ca n't be let on the railway and the motorway - they marched on the motorway for about 8 hours and it was dark already ) . 
  germany said , okay , it 's a special circumstance , let them come . 
  so in the end they reached their goal and their `` strike '' was effective . 
  nice precedent . 
  this was on 4th september . 
  ( / u/pierrotlefou may also be interested ), 
  please , first of all watch this whole video :, 
  because you will see some twisted interpretation as if the police had thrown them on the tracks instead of the migrant man ( they do n't say this in text , but suggest this implicitly through the pictures ) . 
  this video mistakenly says bicske is on the austrian border . 
  it is not . 
  it 's more than 200 km from austria , but it 's a news report , so here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hulw4kjwv4m, 
  ( for more , just google bicske , migrant , train ), 
  i 'm from hungary and it 's disgusting to think that you can judge a whole country by one camerawoman , one mayor in a village of 4000 people and one case of police throwing sandwiches to people in the back rows . 
  but no footage of handing out over a million sandwiches and ( literally ) tons of apples and bananas by authorities to the 275,000 migrants who have entered this country of 10 million just in the last 10 months , or how civilians helped the migrants . 
  or indeed how migrants attacked police , refused to cooperate etc. 
  very easy to present a biased report from across an ocean , knowing comfortably that migrants ca n't easily go to that other continent . 
  how would the us react if hundreds of thousands of illegal south american immigrants broke down the fence on the southern border and started attacking the us police , broke through police lines , [ walked on highways ] ( http://static01.nyt.com/images/2015/09/04/world/europe/20150905_migrant-slide-adkk/20150905_migrant-slide-adkk-jumbo.jpg ) , [ entered hunger strike if they are not being transported to the state of their wish ] ( https://indianexpressonline.files.wordpress.com/2015/09/hungary-migrants-ap2.jpg ) , refused to register or give fingerprints and * then * the media said obama is a xenophobic racist nazi for saying the immigrants should not do this . 
  how many migrants will the us take from the middle east ? 
  will they do any checks before letting them in the country ? 
  yes ?!, 
  how dare you , that 's racist !, 
  you must simply believe whatever they say and that 's it . 
  would this ever be imaginable in the us ? 
  edit : also here are some * recent * videos if you dismiss the 5-year-old video . 
  [ debrecen refugee camp , hungary , june 2015 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhl87tfke8e ), 
  [ r\u00f6szke , hungary-serbia border crossing , september 2015 - video 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfrpwaeme0c ), 
  [ r\u00f6szke - video 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay_mlcssdzw ), 
   common plan, 
  fixing the middle east is extremely complicated and hard and takes a long time , while building fences is scoffed at . 
  people are coming * now * . 
  not tomorrow . 
  every day 8-10 thousand people . 
  i mean , okay , germany can probably take millions of migrants without having economic problems , they are pretty rich . 
  this year they 'll get 1 million , next year it will be more . 
  anyway , it will be interesting to see what happens . 
   827 , 2,287 and 6,351 respectively, 
  these numbers are from an utterly unrealistic quota proposal , which tries to relocate 160,000 migrants , while more than a million will go to germany this year alone .
