  and the journalist would probably get tired of it and give in . 
  like `` what can i do , i 'm just a small nobody , i must make a living somehow , i 'm not really trying to deceive anyone , but we need to present things in an interesting way , otherwise no clicks , no sales , and we go out of business . 
  i have to write an x word article by 4 pm , i ca n't go on googling around to fact-check things , maybe a quick glance at wikipedia , but then i need to go on doing the next one . '', 
  thing is , the original scientific paper is already sensationalized in many cases . 
  there is a similar attention race among scientists towards journal peer reviewers , editors , conference organizers , government funding etc. 
  so the actual scientist often already plays up the importance of their research . 
  there is also corruption and back-scratching among academics . 
  so a good , balanced popular science magazine must have people in house with all sorts of scientific background who can call bullshit on the bullshit . 
  yes , and phrases like `` the whole internet is following x topic '' or `` half of the world was in shock that ... '' , when actually it may be a few million people in some subculture but most people never even heard of that thing . 
  using `` the internet '' or `` the people of the internet '' or `` citizens of the internet '' to mean stupid advice animal memes , 9gag , default reddit subs and 4chan ( and who knows what else is trending these days among cool kids ) . 
  actually most internet users could n't care less about that crap . 
  * tl ; dr defining math or languages as hard work may be counterproductive . 
  show the kid that it 's an interesting thing in itself . 
  i was always quite good at maths and sciences from school to university , but i never felt that i 'm `` working hard '' at it . 
  sure i spent quite some time thinking about it , but it did n't feel like work . 
  i prepared for exams and did the exercises , sure , but it was all secondary because primarily i was curious and interested in the stuff , regardless of the teacher or tests . 
  i 'm not sure how that began , probably parents have huge influence on kids ' attitudes to learning . 
  if it 's seen as some bad `` work '' thing that you * must * do before doing the really pleasurable things , like playing , then it 's the wrong motivation . 
  my parents never really rewarded me for my grades nor did i like when teachers gave `` praise '' . 
  i often did n't even tell my parents if i got good grades ... 
  not sure if you 're being sarcastic here . 
  if not then i think you 've never seen a teenager in your life . 
  yes , and the constant worry that the kid is eating so little ... ( not sure how prevalent it is around the world , but in central europe it 's a thing ) like they 'd go to the doctor because the kid does n't eat . 
  children do n't need to eat as much as adults , obviously ... 
  if they are hungry , they 'll eat . 
  the truly american solution , sue everyone !, 
  i know , it 's a cultural thing . 
  in other countries a brother or a cousin could help * mildly * beat the bully for example . 
  just push him on the ground , shout , shake , etc. 
  but i guess it would n't be possible there . 
  still , i think the police and government should stay away from these kid matters , unless there 's something very serious going on , like weapons . 
  yeah , i know that bullying is a very big issue in the us , i 'm not sure what the differences are . 
  but i also think that kids need to learn settling things between themselves and learn to conspire and build groups , stand up for themselves and each other etc. 
  you ca n't shelter them away from the real world and make them run to mommy and the teacher all the time . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  that 's * the * thing they want , look and be seen as adults . 
  they start smoking and drinking to seem old and cool . 
  they ca n't stand kid 's movies , they want to watch 18 + horror movies and play video games officially for 18 + . 
  telling them that something is `` for adults '' will make them want it twice as much . 
  sorry , i thought you 're the same person that wrote the comment that i answered . 
  that person might have seriously said this , for all i know . 
  you can preach whatever you want , they are going to have sex . 
  if parents do n't let them do it in a safe place , they 'll go somewhere else , lie about it , wo n't know or dare to buy contraception etc. 
  exactly . 
  these typical grumpy and ( passive ) aggressive teenage years are an artificial product of this treatment ( and did n't exist until recently , and is unheard of in many societies ) . 
  how would adults like if they were locked up and treated like incapacitated small children . 
  it 's belittling to them as they are biologically adults . 
  sure they are n't adult is the sense that our world is so complex that they ca n't find their place until a lot later , but the feeling of `` being kept in prison '' is going to be hard on everyone . 
  yeah , we got those warnings constantly ( e.g. 
  older guys scaring us with how thick the book is that they have to work through for a single exam etc. ), 
  so i kinda knew what to expect . 
  it 's hard to give universal advice . 
  i 'd say , kids need motivation * and * be told that it 's supposed to take `` work '' in the sense of thinking through concepts , theorems , playing around with their implications , doing exercises , etc. 
  people do n't magically know all that , they spend time on it . 
  but i think the most important thing is to teach them to enjoy learning and enjoy the `` heureka '' moments themselves , regardless of classes and grades . 
  that 's the basis of everything . 
   so just hang on until you are older, 
  i 'm not sure what age we are talking right now . 
  `` teenager '' can mean up to 19 ... 
  i 'd say 15 is quite okay for a first time if they 'd been educated in an informative way ( not so much preaching that they shut their ears ) . 
   `` kids are gon na fuck anyway '' is a really shitty way of looking at the entire issue . 
  the point is that it does n't matter how you look at the issue . 
  if the kids are not frightened as shit due to serious threats of burning in hell or extreme worldly punishment , and if they have an average social life , then they are going to have sex . 
  that 's it . 
  you can say whatever you want , the teachers can preach whatever they want . 
  their hormones are running crazy and they are biologically mature by around 14 ( plus or minus , individually ) . 
  if you do n't let them do it at home , they will do it in the school restroom , in the park , or anywhere . 
  they 'll get creative . 
  and if they have to hide their condoms from you , they might not even have it with them and go unprotected . 
  of course one should encourage them to choose their partners well , and not just fuck with the first person to come along . 
  i 'm also not sure what you mean by this emotional harm . 
  most kids are n't traumatized by their first sexual encounter , and if they are , it 's probably because of all the shit they had been fed when they were younger . 
  as long as they are using protection and choose a reasonable partner , they are fine . 
  teenage love is n't supposed to last till death . 
  they have to learn how to deal with their emotions and how breakups work and all that . 
  you ca n't and should n't shield them from life lessons . 
  yes a pregnancy or an std is bad , but these risks are also exaggerated a lot . 
  most teenagers do n't carry stds , and girls do n't always get pregnant immediately ( even if something goes wrong with the protection ) . 
  sex is a normal part of life . 
  it 's not some huge huge deal that will crush teenagers to lifelong traumas ... of course there are abusive people , but the solution is to teach common sense to your kids by example so they do n't run away from you into the arms of some abusive bad boy . 
  the key is * honest * informative communication about * everything * , and answering questions to best knowledge , and making sure that the kid can safely turn to their parents in case of * any * issue . 
  do n't lie to them to make them scared . 
  they 'll just ignore you and never turn to you , just do their thing in secret . 
  unless you lock them up in their rooms and spy on them when they are outside . 
   `` used kleenex/toothbrush/tape '', 
  terrible . 
  until now i only had this `` shaming '' thing in the abstract , but i would never have imagined they use analogies like this in the us . 
  it 's crazy that one of the most developed countries acts like some backward third world country in this regard . 
  strange subculture you 're in . 
  i doubt it 's the majority in general . 
  okay , i did n't consider that a `` piercing '' . 
  in my language ( hungarian ) we only use the word `` piercing '' for stuff other than ear rings . 
  this is similar to the way `` drug '' usually excludes alcohol . 
  so technically an ear ring is a piercing , but it 's so normal in our culture while the word `` piercing '' has this rebellious connotation to it . 
   from a russian site, 
  link ? 
  man : singular ( one ) , men : plural ( two or more ), 
  woman : singular ( one ) , women : plural ( two or more ), 
  i fully agree with your edit part . 
  however , the issue is not that '' [ they ] live on a land that had belonged to hungary for more than 1000 years '' .
