  we have no idea who they are , they have no papers . 
  they just rush in our countries without any control . 
  i think any sane person is for this manner of solving the issue of war refugees . 
  there are lots and lots of economic migrants jumping on the bandwagon and using the open borders . 
  kosovo , bangladesh , pakistan , african countries . 
  it 's crazy . 
  we need to control our borders with fences , police and army . 
  but we ca n't forget about the war refugees around syria as we , being part of the western world , nato etc. 
  also have a responsibility for the causes of the syrian conflict , at least partially . 
  but at the same time , europe ca n't be expected to `` solve the middle east '' or solve the problems of arab and muslim world . 
  it 's a very deeply rooted problem and simply overthrowing undemocratic governments has n't led to great results so far if there is no culture of democracy there that could be a fertile soil for a new , democratic government . 
  solving these issues is rather on the scale of decades and centuries than years . 
  i rhetorically addressed my comment to john oliver , not to you or to reddit . 
  i 'm not a nebulous `` reddit '' and you 're not `` reddit '' either . 
  we are individual people sitting in front of computers . 
  this is a discussion platform an we 've probably never interacted before . 
  what others have cherry picked on this platform about the us is irrelevant . 
  i was commenting on an episode of a comedy show , not on reddit drama . 
  most of the syrian migrants were refugees in a refugee camp in turkey , lebanon , jordan . 
  those are shitty camps and all nations should spend more to improve the conditions there . 
  but once you unilaterally leave that safe country , you 're a migrant looking for a better life . 
  this is perfectly understandable . 
  i 'd migrate too , heck i 'll ( legally ) migrate from hungary for a better life to west , to earn a lot more money than at home . 
  understandable , perfectly . 
  but there are laws and they do n't say that if you are poor or even desperately poor then borders do n't exist for you , you can march through borders in europe . 
  there must be more humanitarian aid to the region , yes . 
  but taking the world 's desperately poor into europe is not practical . 
   they 're the border country for the eu, 
  all these migrants pass through greece ( eu , schengen ) first . 
  many of them left syria a year or two ago and got a place in a refugee camp in turkey , lebanon or jordan . 
  but it 's shitty to live there ( it really is ) , so they want a better life in germany . 
  they do n't like poverty - who would ? 
  - so they migrate away . 
  but they are n't * fleeing for their lives * ( i.e. 
  running from bullets ) directly now . 
  also , do n't forget that they are n't all from syria , by far . 
  iraq , afghanistan , eritrea , somalia , kosovo , bangladesh , pakistan , libya etc. 
  are there among them too . 
  is the spirit of the law to let people in poor conditions and without hopeful future cross european borders at will and move * en masse * to a hand-picked country , which then gets too filled up and drops some of them into other countries around them ? 
  you do n't seem to understand . 
  asylum law is not about those in poor conditions or hopeless lives without opportunities . 
  that 's a human rights issue definitely , and we have to help with humanitarian aid through un and other organizations . 
  but asylum is for those who are politically persecuted and are in danger of being killed for their ethnicity , race , religion , political views etc. 
  not even child starvation warrants asylum . 
  it 's simply a different kind of beast . 
  we * do * need to help starving children . 
  we * do * need to help improve the conditions in third world and war-torn countries and refugee camps . 
  but they are not eligible for asylum just because they set off and illegally cross a dozen borders at will . 
  it 's not how it works . 
  if germany wants to share the burden with middle eastern countries , that 's a very noble thing but it has a legal way . 
  maybe you do n't know this , but germany and austria are actually * against * the current status quo of a `` corridor '' system , that is , countries letting the migrants towards germany . 
  they are officially against this and do n't like that for example croatia and hungary forward the migrants towards austria and germany . 
  really , you read this right . 
  germany is against the system . 
  they do n't want to legalize the procedure . 
  yes . 
  read about it . 
  nobody wants to send them to war zones . 
  there are refugee camps in countries neighboring syria . 
  they must get better funding and more humanitarian aid , for sure . 
  also , countries of the world - including hungary - should and will offer to take in refugees from those camps . 
  but setting out and crossing borders illegally is unacceptable and creates chaos . 
  there 's no war in serbia . 
  it was already illegal . 
  we are talking about illegal entry through the woods . 
  no country allows unknown undocumented people to flood the country by the thousands without any official procedure , just flooding in through the woods and fields . 
  we do n't want to deal with this . 
  we are a small country . 
  we will help a few thousand refugees , but not in this manner because this is chaos . 
  you do n't know what 's been happening here , you have no idea . 
  it 's chaos . 
  we will take refugees in an orderly fashion from refugee camps near syria . 
  but not if they break down fences and force their way in without papers , crossing 10 borders illegally . 
  he said economic migrants looking for better life should n't come illegally . 
  yes , the majority supports this . 
  we accept real refugees . 
  germany does n't legally allow that . 
  by asking the migrants , by asking human traffickers , by common sense , by secret services , by watching the news and seeing where the route of the huge crowd is . 
  it 's not like you can miss such a mass migration route where 5 to 10 thousand people pass daily . 
  nobody doubts the fact that they come through greece . 
   the distant , above-it-all posture combined with snarky disapproval have actually become mainstream modes of political communication now . 
   political blogs , tumblr , facebook , and ( sadly ) reddit , are full of this kind of eye-rolling , smirking , one-liner dismissals of anyone who strays from the acceptable narrative now , and it 's very strange to see when you 're watching from the periphery . 
  perfect description !, 
  it 's also a condescending tone , where they imply that the other side is so obviously wrong and it 's like `` oh we are surrounded by lunatics , you see , ah well , it 's hopeless , we can only laugh about their obvious stupidity '' . 
  and the thing is , anyone can talk in this tone in any matter . 
  * the ability to talk in this style is not an indicator for whether they are right * . 
  but sure it 's easiest to do when you push for full liberalism , no rules and dismissing fears or any concerns as ridiculous and * [ bad word ] * . 
  that 's how commenting works . 
  if you agree , you say so ; if you disagree , you say so . 
  how is this strange ? 
  if you hear an `` opposing narrative '' you write about your disagreement . 
  would you prefer if people just blindly accepted whatever this guy says ? 
  european christianity is worlds apart from the american version . 
  there are almost no creationists or politicians who literally argue based on the bible here . 
  american religious people are just surreal seen from europe . 
  they are n't all syrian . 
  there is also iraq , afghanistan , libya , eritrea , somalia , pakistan , bangladesh , turkey , kosovo , sub-saharan africa etc. 
  the scale of this crisis is vastly , vastly larger than the media shows . 
  also , there are people living in genuinely terrible conditions around the world . 
  but the asylum system was never designed for solving ( extreme ) poverty .
