  probably many people would volunteer to commit suicide ( no big deal , life goes on as a cool spirit that can fly around !, 
  ) , and then work more efficiently like that . 
  i 'm totally cool with ghosts existing !, 
  just show them to me !, 
  i 'm not sure how much actual science you have learned but science does n't look like this at all . 
  you seem to confuse `` making up stuff '' with `` science '' . 
  i mean , being imaginative is really great , you could use it for thriller novels , or even sci-fi . 
  but this is n't how science works . 
  `` i guess it 's another ` phase ' of energy '' may be a starting hypothesis , but it 's just fiction until you have experimental evidence . 
  if we believe ghost stories , why not believe everything ? 
  daemons , exorcism , devils , witches , wizards , judeo-christian god , greek legends , santa claus , volcano gods , alien abductions , alien-built pyramids , chemtrails , etc. 
  are you trying to argue that all these things are possible , therefore equally likely as scientific facts and totally relative and just depend on perspective ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  if yes , then i do n't think this discussion makes much sense . 
  you better start by reading some popular science books aimed at novices that would explain how science works at its core . 
  if you think tesla rejected the scientific method , then you 're mistaken . 
   all of that is covered under the central axiom that energy manifests in a variety of phases and the phenomenon of subjectivity in interpretation , for instance what is the difference between an alien and a demon or a god to an ancient man ? 
  people categorizing spirit as aliens or demons are simply talking about the same thing from different perspectives . 
  science does n't work with axioms . 
  axioms are part of mathematics and formal models . 
  science creates and uses mathematical models , but they are n't set in stone . 
  they are simply the best tools we currently have . 
  `` phase of energy '' is n't an expression that scientists use . 
  `` phase of matter '' ( solid , liquid , gas , etc ) does exist , but `` phase of energy '' is something you seem to have made up . 
  i do n't know what it means . 
   what is the difference between an alien and a demon or a god to an ancient man ? 
  people categorizing spirit as aliens or demons are simply talking about the same thing from different perspectives . 
  these are all fictitious beings , so it 's kind of pointless to debate how to tell them apart . 
   i do n't really need to do scientific experiments to prove this because i 'm generally not interested in proving it aka getting more people into my intersubjective reality bubble . 
  scientists do n't just cross-check each other 's work to get each other into their reality bubbles , but because they trust the intellect of other smart people besides themselves . 
  as richard feynman said , the easiest person to fool is yourself . 
  people 's ego can prevent them from seeing their own mistakes . 
  i 'm more or less fine with this , you need to be skeptical of everything , paradigm shifts happen etc. 
  fine . 
  but this seems to get too abstract now . 
  you were trying to argue that there are ghosts and psi phenomena . 
  scientists do n't believe this because there is not enough evidence for it ( approaching zero ) . 
  do you want to defend the position that there are ghosts and psi phenomena ? 
  because then you should provide some evidence beyond `` well , there * could * be ghosts , you ca n't just unquestionably believe there * are n't * , right ? '', 
  there are exceptions of course . 
  although i do n't think penrose believes in ghosts . 
   post hoc only after the crackpot proved their theories correct . 
  of course . 
  ** yes that is my point ** . 
  please prove your theories correct , and people will believe you . 
  yes some scientific progress is made by some extraordinary , visionary ideas , hypotheses being researched by some persistent individuals , who are mocked for their crazy ideas . 
  this happens very rarely and it * does n't * mean that * every * crazy idea that someone dreams up is going to be proved right . 
  the whole point is that i have nothing against ghosts . 
  if there are ghosts it 's very important to know for security reasons , we could try to negotiate with them , or if that 's not possible , move out of haunted houses etc. 
  this would of course be very important to the police etc. 
  but if all we have is your word and blurry photos , then we will not believe it . 
  okay , this is my last comment in this thread . 
  if you do n't get what i mean , you wo n't get it too soon . 
  europe is a big continent . 
  for example , spaniards and swedes are extremely different in this regard . 
  europe is much more diverse than americans imagine . 
  edit : for example in [ a current thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40wmvw/finnish_people_in_a_nutshell/ ) on / r/europe , people are discussing how touchy americans are compared to countries like finland and poland . 
  budapest has had a lot of jews for a long time . 
  less now than earlier ( holocaust + emigration to israel & us ) , but there is still a sizable jewish population in budapest . 
  before wwii , there were about 200,000 jews in budapest , about 20 % of the population . 
  now it 's around 100,000 , about 5 % . 
  the largest synagogue of europe is also in budapest . 
  additionally , most famous inventors , scientists and mathematicians from hungary were jews . 
  for example edward teller , leo szil\u00e1rd , john von neumann , eugene wigner , dennis gabor , paul erd\u0151s , theodore von k\u00e1rm\u00e1n , george p\u00f3lya , frigyes riesz and many more . 
  historical migrations . 
  there were jews in hungary already in the middle ages . 
  and many peoples migrated to hungary after large areas got depopulated in the ottoman wars . 
  also in the 19th century many jews arrived from the east . 
  at the beginning of the 20th century , about 25 % of the population of budapest were jewish . 
  before the holocaust there were approximately 220 thousand , after it 120,000 , so almost half of them were killed . 
  it 's an estimate . 
  jews are only officially recognized as a religion in hungary , not as an ethnic minority ( like the roma , slovaks , greeks etc. 
  of which there are about 13 ) . 
  about 10,000 people in hungary said in the census that they are jewish by religion . 
  but as you said , most ethnic jews are just culturally jewish , the way i am a cultural christian ; or not even that . 
  it 's a complicated question , whether someone has a jewish `` identity '' or not . 
  i think you ca n't really help it once you know you are of that descent . 
  you probably have relatives who were victims of the holocaust , so that 's a strong connection to other jew families , i think . 
  this is precisely what many non-americans find fake about american culture . 
  that they try to hide and deny the darker sides of life . 
  life is not just about happiness and awesomeness and purity . 
  it 's seen in so many things , like the relation to toilet stuff , sex stuff , etc. 
  the borders of hungary are wrong . 
  1939 was after the first vienna award . 
  you 'll get answers ranging from `` totally '' to `` not at all '' , depending on who you ask . 
  jobbik is the second most popular party and the most popular among young people ( under 30 ) . 
  the party itself is n't openly antisemitic , but it is embedded in the far-right `` scene '' of hungary which does include other groups and associations which are antisemitic . 
  there is also a big antisemitic website , kuruc.info , which is often associated with jobbik , although there is no official connection between them , but the site often supports and advertises for jobbik ( though not always ) . 
  fidesz is n't anti-semitic , there are many jews in there . 
  anti-jewish sentiment is mostly abstract , against the soros-types , against the global financial world , against israel/usa , people in power etc. 
  not your average jew on the street . 
  the area of a circle grows with the * square * of the diameter . 
  so the circle for paris is more than 10 times larger than the circle for budapest in this map , when actually the jewish population is just about 3.5 times larger . 
  this creates big distortions . 
  scaling by 2 means that disances become twice as large . 
  but areas become 4 times larger . 
  area = radius ^ 2 * pi . 
  so if you make the radius twice as large , the area becomes 4 times larger . 
  the area of the paris circle is 10 times larger than the area of the budapest circle on this map in the sense that it contains 10 times more pixels . 
  edit : if you think it 's just 3.5 times as large , then [ how did i fit the budapest circle 7 times in the paris circle ?
