  most people will very well argue differently if roles are switched ( in many situation ) . 
  that 's life . 
  people are biased towards saving their own lives , their family 's life , their community , etc. 
  the problem with such moral opinions ( i.e. 
  that `` i '' should be saved ) is that people wo n't agree with it . 
  because `` me '' is a different person for each person ( namely , themselves ) so there 's less chance for agreement and cooperation . 
  people usually realize this and accept that the rules apply to them , even when they are on the worse end of it , because it contributes to cooperation and makes it more likely that the same will happen with roles reversed . 
  basically that 's what morality is about . 
  the moral way to act is the way `` others '' should act . 
  it 's a pretty good rule of thumb to interpret what people say when they talk about moral behavior . 
  what i would like/prefer is not the same as what i can reasonably expect to agree about with society . 
  the question is what we * want * it to do . 
  once we know that , we can think about how to write the software / train the ai to do that . 
  yeah , seriously , i 've been seeing the same unclear and vague thought 1 or 2 experiments about autonomous driving , still up in the moral , abstract sky , theorizing . 
  reality is a lot less clear cut , many cases are ambiguous , that 's why we have courts that sometimes use thousands of pages of expert opinions before making a decision . 
  but philosophers like to theorize in artificial , seemingly well-specified and formalized situations that just lack the essential components to become real : the real , murky , messy parts that make all the difference . 
  i understand that it 's easier to analyze a skeleton than a breathing human , but you ca n't expect to learn everything about living humans by just looking at their skeleton . 
  in my interpretation i 'd position it as a framework . 
  a toolset . 
  a way of how we want to tackle problems . 
  not even necessarily how to think `` properly '' , but how we want to set up our agreed-upon methodology . 
  it 's like the fisherman 's net . 
  is it about getting the fish , but you still need to go to the sea if you want to catch fish . 
  and it may not work . 
  maybe the fish are too large or too small to catch them with your net or maybe they 'll break through it . 
  anyway , so these apriori principles ca n't have other , higher aims , as if they could predict what nature will turn out to be like . 
  many philosophers like ( d ) to play with syllogisms and all sorts of walls of text saying `` clearly , it ca n't be x so it must be either y or z '' and although they followed the ancient greek rules , they ended up massaging nonsense . 
  it turned out things are neither x nor y nor z , but either some combination of them , or some much larger effect renders these x , y , z things rather irrelevant . 
  for example you can declare that a sane law of thought is to think of any object as being at only one precisely definite place . 
  but then it turns out that this idea fails ( modern physics ) . 
  you can go the no true scotsman way and say that electrons are not really `` things '' , or you reinterpret place somehow , but generally this is a cautionary tale that thinking up nice principles is still no guarantee for anything , you ca n't just lean back and enjoy having found out something . 
   mental illnesses are mental behavioral patterns which cause suffering or inability of the patient to function in ordinary life, 
  it 's a good first approximation , but it also means gays were mentally ill some decades ago ( they were actually considered so ) . 
  since gayness did n't change , the meaning of `` mentally ill '' must have shifted . 
  i 'd just say , there are no clear borders between things . 
  the cultural context always matters . 
  maybe if op were born into another civilization , his stories might convince others to worship him and consider him god or a shaman or something . 
  as a form of truth-seeking , it 's the wrong question to ask . 
  as a practical everyday question , go see a psychiatrist if it you 're getting too uneasy about it . 
  i do n't believe that there are objective human truths out there that society goes on to discover and understand better . 
  i do n't think we have * discovered * that `` slavery is wrong '' and `` gayness is not wrong '' . 
  it 's simply our shifting way of life , shifting ways to organize society . 
  whether something is a disorder is rather a statement like `` i approve of this '' which is not an objective truth . 
  a gay person could have said some decades ago `` i can not function in daily life , i ca n't participate in basic life things such as marriage or procreation due to my abnormal attractions , please doctor , help me '' . 
  it all depends on the social context . 
  what if i 'm seriously depressed for example ? 
  today i can say `` i ca n't participate in daily life , i ca n't hold a job , i ca n't support myself and my family '' , and we now see this as a disorder . 
  but what if in some post-scarcity economy with a high basic income we 'd `` realize '' that such people are fine too , we do n't have to force them to work , we accept their way of life ? 
  for example , some decades/centuries ago in a society with no pension and state funded benefits , a gay person who could n't have children who 'd support him in his old age , would be very similar to someone who 's unable to work today due to some mental condition . 
  or for example , the criteria for `` ability in participation in social life '' if different if you live in scandinavia or in the us or latin america . 
  in scandinavia someone with social anxiety or similar can life quite normally because not so much forced fake interaction and small talk is required as in the us and not so much intimate contact is required as in latin america / mediterranean countries . 
  anyway , [ here ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2015/10/07/contra-caplan-on-mental-illness/ ) are some interesting musings on this topic by scott alexander ( i read it some time ago , and remember agreeing with much of it but i do n't remember the whole thing , just that it was interesting ) . 
   the more realistic and more common aims of neuroscience is rather understanding diseases of the central and peripheral nervous system and tying to treat them . 
  nah , neuroscience is not the same as neurology . 
  their interest in diseases is only because they are useful for understanding the workings of brains when you see how they change/fail after certain injuries etc. 
  their aim is n't to treat patients , that 's neurology . 
   so much is known about the brain , and oxytocin or any other hormone is n't just a `` correlation '' ... it is a perfectly fitting puzzle piece in a much larger story . 
  i think it 's rather meant that there is no immediately recognizable `` loveness '' or `` angryness '' about the chemicals or the brain patterns that we see , so neuroscientists ca n't just look at brain data and say `` oh hey he seems to be surprised now '' if they never saw how a surprised state looks on a brain scan or other brain data . 
  so they need to talk to the patients and ask them what they felt . 
  i think this argument is somewhat silly , though , because everything is like this . 
  when we discovered that the tides are caused by the moon 's gravitational pull , we did n't stop using the word `` tide '' . 
  you could still say `` well , you only know it 's a tide , because you can see the water rising , just as the ancients saw , therefore you have n't explained tides '' . 
  the thing is , you * could * talk about brain studies without words like `` fear '' . 
  you could say that seating a person in front of a hungry tiger flashing its fangs causes certain hormones to enter the bloodstream and it increases the heart rate and leads to a cascade of events . 
  and the same thing can be replicated over and over again with different people all across the world . 
  you could then study the origins of this mechanism , how it evolved , etc. 
  would this * explain * `` fear '' ? 
  does gravity explain tides ? 
  you could say that the moon 's gravity just correlated with the tides , and that it 's not the same and a piece is missing , linking tides with gravity . 
  but i 'm not sure any explanation can satisfy such demands . 
  indeed , the word `` explanation '' would just lose its meaning because anything you say can be countered by `` that just happens to correlate with it , it 's not the same thing '' . 
  not necessarily . 
  this is a frequent counterargument , that to say that philosophy is not needed is itself philosophy . 
  is it an `` astrological argument '' to say that it 's not worthwile to analyze planet configuration in a such a mystical way ? 
  you could say astronomers are basically partially doing some astrology by believing that the planets * do n't * have effects on our social lives the way astrology teaches . 
  you could also say that arguing against politics is itself politics . 
  but if you interpret these opinions more generously , you 'd realize they simply mean that it 's the actual real-world activity that people usually do under the label of philosophy/politics/astrology that is being criticized . 
  not some ideal form of an activity that could be possible , but what actually happens . 
  so they mean that questions regarding self , morality , and human values are best answered by studying the brain , and not the way philosophers usually approach it ( i.e. 
  by intuition , introspection , writing formal logical derivations based on made-up assumptions etc. 
   my point is that neuroscience wants to understand how the brain works to then help humans . 
  the ultimate aim is some form of practical application , not theoretical understanding . 
  individual people have all sorts of aims when entering the field . 
  i 'm sure some neuroscientists want to improve the world and society and our lives and that 's their motivation to study it . 
  but it does n't mean the field itself aims at that . 
  science in general only strives to understand and learn for no particular reason other than understanding and learning . 
  simply to satiate the human curiosity because knowledge is considered something positive . 
  fundamental research is not aimed at applications . 
  that 's a later stage in the process . 
   do you think anybody is allowed animal experiments if they say we only want to understand this problem , we do n't care if it has any appications to humans ? 
  i do n't . 
  some experiments are allowed , some more invasive ones are n't . 
  there are plenty of animal experiments you can do without harming the animals ( okay , this depends on how hardcore of an animal rights activist you are , maybe you consider catching and breeding them and keeping them locked up already immoral ) . 
   there may be people out there that say `` philosophy is a worthwhile pursuit , but all philosophers are bad at it . '', 
  few people talk in such absolutes about human-related things . 
  so no , not `` all '' philosophers . 
   these disagreements , more often than not , seem to come from a misunderstanding of what philosophy and/or science do . 
  it does n't matter too much . 
  even if you convince someone that their criticism of philosophy should also be considered philosophy , it 's not the same as convincing them that the stuff philosophers usually say is right or relevant or useful . 
  it mostly does not matter what philosophy is or how we define it or whether you label this or that activity/text as philosophy or not .
