  surrounded by the breezy , bright , not crowded modern concrete houses , all the remaining outside beauty and coziness of the slums of the middle ages flies away . 
   ferenc dex carved these pictures into the exact coldness of the asphalt . 
  they are accurate and honest to the topic and material that he forms . 
  the view of the artist unifies the thousand-fold face of reality into a characteristic unity . 
  all the expressive possibilities of black-and-white prevail , without getting lost at the fields of pictural expression on any of the intermediate roads . 
  this strict adherence to solutions coming only from the nature of the material lifts his graphics to be simple but at the same time monumental . 
  the honesty of trecento in its expression - as opposed to upcoming expression problems - is paired here with the purity of the artist 's view and material-like technique . 
   in these pages , ferenc dex extends to us true art and an honest documentation of the old pozsony . 
  just for fun , i noticed how much i had to scramble the words around , it 's really interesting to see that the english word order can sometimes be totally different , long expressions reversed etc. 
  so for fun i made a word-order-preserving translation that is of course not very intelligible but interesting to me :, 
   the old pozsony 's fading sentenced beautiful parts he-opens to-in-front-of-us on these pages dex ferenc . 
  those parts that the medieval city onto-each-other piled streets-in being-built , from outside the picturesqueness 's and coziness 's magic spread , but inside the proletarian misery 's breeding farms . 
  this relative beauty today the more-and-more progressive and unfoding age-with slowly wanes away . 
  the breezy , bright , not crowded modern concrete houses in-their-embrace flies away the medieval slums ' stayed-here all outward beauty and coziness . 
   the ashpalt 's exact coldness-into carved these pictures dex ferenc . 
  exact and honest to the topic and to the material that he forms . 
  the reality 's thousand-fold face the artist 's view characteristic unity-into held together . 
  the white-black 's all expressive possibilities prevail , without that the intermediate roads ' any-one-on the pictural expression 's fields-to he-would-go . 
  this strict adherence only the material 's nature-from coming solutions-to , into-simple , but at the same time into-monumental lifts his graphics . 
  the tecento 's expression-related honesty , the upcoming expression-related problems opposed-to , pairs here the artist 's view 's and material-like technique 's purity-with . 
   dex ferenc in these pages true art and honest document reaches about the old pozsony . 
  i especially like [ this ] ( https://imgur.com/tyslki2 ) . 
  i 'm hungarian and i never consciously realized how it sounds in english . 
  oh yeah because we were so happy under the socialist gyurcs\u00e1ny or anyone , for that matter . 
  hungarians have constantly been melancholic ever since we were occupied by the ottomans in 1526 . 
  it was deliberately slowed down after losing territories in world war i. 
  the original music is written to be a lot faster , here 's a [ re-enactment of the original intention of the composer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6h9kq7f8jq ) . 
  go a bit further into romania . 
  just as much of a negative jump as the one you experienced from austria to hungary . 
  i think we hungarians are more pessimistic . 
  there is a constant inferiority complex , `` we are too small a country '' , `` let 's learn to be small '' etc. 
  are the slogans . 
  the exact opposite of what for example slovaks or romanians like to believe as if we were boasting with confidence to reclaim lands and overzealous to win and go and do . 
  instead , the prevailing mentality is `` eh , wo n't work ; nope , ca n't be done ; we 're doomed . '', 
  exactly , they even announce it on radio and tv . 
  and i mean sometimes the spokesperson of the police , not some random drivers . 
  if you 're american you have to factor in that europe in general is a lot less pretentious about this `` always have a wide smile and do as if your life were perfect '' thing that they do in the us . 
  we are more realistic about the situation . 
  if things are shitty , we 'll complain if asked the `` how are you ? '', 
  question . 
  `` r\u00e1ntott sajt '' is special ? 
  it 's basically like a schnitzel with cheese instead of meat . 
  thin , rolled pancake . 
  not us style thick pancake . 
  buffer zone in every war . 
  ottomans and austrians , germans and soviets ... also on the border of western and eastern christianity . 
  despite being in europe for 1100-1200 years now , we 're still kind of isolated due to the language . 
  slavic people understand each other 's language to a degree , almost everyone around us is slavic . 
  we have no large block or family to belong to . 
  yeah it 's [ similar ] ( http://www.balatonibufek.hu/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/palacsinta.jpg ) . 
  but `` crepes '' sounds so fancy . 
  this is `` simple food '' that people make all over the place at home , it 's also popular among village people . 
  edit : and it costs like $ 0.46 if you buy [ this ] ( http://www.fozelekmania.hu/etelek/46.jpg ) in a cheap `` restaurant '' . 
  yes . 
  actually `` vert hadunk csonthalmain '' means `` on the heaps of the bones of our defeated army '' . 
  we had to learn it but we memorized it without understanding it . 
  we had n't learned the necessary parts of history yet , so we did n't know any context to it , we did n't understand some words ( like hal\u00e1lh\u00f6rg\u00e9s ) , we just recited it . 
  so it 's not like it traumatizes kids , they just do n't get it and recite it like something gibberish . 
  the full text of the dark parts :, 
   ah , but for our sins, 
   anger gathered in your bosom, 
   and you struck with your lightning, 
   from your thundering clouds, 
   now the plundering mongols ' arrows, 
   you swarmed over us, 
   then the turks ' slave yoke, 
   we took upon our shoulders . 
   how often came from the mouths, 
   of osman 's barbarian nation, 
   over the corpses of our defeated army, 
   a victory song !, 
   how often did your own son agress, 
   my homeland , upon your breast ,, 
   and you became because of your own sons, 
   your own sons ' funeral urn !, 
   the fugitive hid , and towards him, 
   the sword reached into his cave, 
   looking everywhere he could not find, 
   his home in his homeland, 
   climbs the mountain , descends the valley, 
   sadness and despair his companions, 
   sea of blood beneath his feet, 
   ocean of flame above . 
   castle stood , now a heap of stones, 
   happiness and joy fluttered ,, 
   groans of death , weeping, 
   now sound in their place . 
   and ah !, 
  freedom does not bloom, 
   from the blood of the dead ,, 
   torturous slavery 's tears fall, 
   from the burning eyes of the orphans !, 
  it was funny the first ten billion times , but it gets a bit boring now . 
  no , you are wrong . 
  merkel explicitly stated that this is a misinterpretation of her words . 
  she only said that those who - somehow - arrive in germany are not sent back to the country where they entered the eu . 
  it does not mean that countries can * let * people to germany . 
  only that * if * people somehow end up there , they are not sent back . 
  crazy , yeah , but merkel explicitly said this and the austrian chancellor also condemned that hungary let 3600 people through in a train 2 days ago . 
   makes them really visible in major train stations,
