  migrants leave the refugee processing camps , those are not prisons . 
  they go to the train station because they want to go to germany , that 's why they came to europe in the first place . 
  the government does n't `` make them visible '' , these are 3000 people there , how could they not be visible ? 
  should the riot police just drive them away from there ? 
  orban would be a nazi dictator the next second in international news . 
  but if he lets them there , he 's `` making them visible '' . 
  hungarians * always * interpret everything in petty internal party politics terms . 
  if you hate orban , he 's the devil incarnate with horns and anything he does is evil . 
  if you love him he 's the lord savior who will lead hungary to the promised land , a freedom fighter and magnificent statesman . 
  * there is no middle ground * . 
  it 's been like this for 20 years now . 
  we have a populist government who is dumbing down its internal rhetoric to the most simplistic black-and-white terms . 
  this is true . 
  at the same time , if you look at the actual events , their ideology is not really relevant . 
  hungary is simply not able to deal with so many people and honestly , anything we do will be criticized . 
  let them board trains ? 
  international law violation . 
  lock them up in camps ? 
  violation of personal freedom . 
  channel them to the official border checkpoints with a fence ? 
  violation of human dignity . 
  as much as i sympathize with refugees fleeing war , hungary is not a factor in this huge international geopolitical crisis . 
  we ca n't settle this huge amout of people and give them a western european life . 
  our own poor people are also struggling . 
  the only solution is to allow them to board the trains as they wish , and let them go to rich countries like sweden and germany . 
  edit : and to let refugees on the direct flights from turkey to germany . 
  firefox has reading mode , too , and additionally it 's free and open source software , created by a non-profit organization aiming for an open and neutral web that respects users ' freedom and privacy . 
  hungary has 1.93 % of the total eu population and 0.76 % of the total eu gdp . 
  that means for every million of refugees we would take 19,300 if we went by population and 7,600 if we went by gdp . 
  but you also have to factor in the cultural situation . 
  hungary has not been a land or immigration since many-many generations , compared with other countries in europe , we do n't have experience with this kind of situation . 
  so i 'd say 7,600 for every million is too much as well . 
  we should be talking around 500 per million ( because alone in 2015 in germany there will be 800,000 , we need to take into account the coming years and decades as well , when agreeing to any fixed percentage number . 
  you see , the government is right that we ca n't agree in a percentage figure unless we know the totals and how many the eu intends to keep . 
  if we agree to something now , what if the numbers shoot up so much that we get totally overwhelmed and overblown and then we have to renegotiate and fight with brussels . 
  the hungarian government is saying that any quota system can only be discussed once the borders are shut and sealed , the flood stops and we have a concrete total number that we need to settle . 
  hungary is among the newer members of the eu who joined in 2004 . 
  these newer members are n't as rich as western europe . 
  germany created huge marketing by word of mouth for migrants , by painting an idealistic , utopic picture of a potential heavenly new life for migrants . 
  now they are disillusioned . 
  hungary is an `` okay '' place , compared to where they are coming from , but we ca n't afford germany or sweden-level welfare benefits . 
  we have no jobs for unskilled workers , we have no place to put them . 
  they want to go on to germany , as they had always planned it from day 1 . 
  by arriving in europe they mean `` being on the way to germany '' . 
  none of them want to settle in hungary . 
   do you mean they are also shocked how much of a crappy government hungary has ? 
  they have as much idea about hungarian politics as they have about greek , macedonian or serbian = zero . 
  they are simply on their way to germany but can not finish their trip . 
  then they get accommodated in some east german camp and get to see the welcoming locals ... 340 attacks just this year on asylum seekers by germans . 
  it 's the eu law . 
  we can not let them . 
  germany and austria made this clear and criticized the few trains that were let through ( monday , 3600 people to munich ) . 
  so it 's not hungary 's choice . 
  yay , personal union again !, 
  the arrow should not end at hungary . 
  basically 100 % of the people who come on that route are headed to germany . 
  not even austria . 
  just germany . 
  draw the full arrow . 
  there are arabic interpreters with the police . 
  maybe other countries could fucking help out with some professionals and authority help . 
  this is a catastrophe and hungary is being left alone . 
  there are refugee camps in bicske , v\u00e1mosszabadi and debrecen . 
  but the process takes some time and they do n't want to spend days in a camp . 
  they want to move on with the journey towards germany . 
  hungary is being left alone to deal with the crisis . 
  learn about the facts and do n't just listen to your country 's media . 
  if you have honest questions we 'll try our best to answer them . 
  after they are caught crossing the border , they are not allowed to leave for about 24 hours . 
  then they go to open camps where they can leave freely and go anywhere in the country . 
  media is first and foremost sensationalist and wants to sell you a narrative . 
  it 's actually a naive idea to believe that journalists simply report the truth , i.e. 
  they just let you peek further away from your house and you get to learn what 's going on . 
  rather , journalism is all about * the story * . 
  a journalist has done his work if he has a story . 
  a story to sell . 
  it needs to be simple and needs to be built on a simple structure , guiding the reader through pre-engineered emotions . 
  also , things need to be visual . 
  an image that evokes strong emotions at the right time in a news report is the key to great stories . 
  you 'd be surprised how different stories you can create based on the same event , by picking and choosing what to show , from which camera angles , what voiceovers you use , etc. 
  you see , the world is huge and things are happening 24 hours per day . 
  a news report must be brief and straight-to-the-point . 
  reality is never like that . 
  actually it 's quite common to translate it . 
  just google around . 
  sure , you can say `` most people '' is no guarantee , but i think in matters of language it is . 
  there 's no law of nature that bridge names ca n't be translated . 
  maps show it in hungarian , travel books always give all stuff like that in both languages . 
   most were imported during the 16th century ottoman rule . 
  actually not . 
  most turkic words were imported during the migration times before hungarians arrived in the carpathian basin ( 895 ) . 
  the 16th century import is more like the official things , like administrative divisions , islam things like dzs\u00e1mi , minaret , etc. 
  there was n't as much cultural exchange in those times . 
  the turkish common man did n't interact much with hungarians . 
  something - nothing, 
  somewhere - nowhere, 
  somehow - ?? nohow ? 
  hungary is trying to enforce control on the border . 
  passing migrants on to austria is just a temporary thing . 
  once the full fence is up , the border can be protected .
