  they 've been living there for quite a few centuries of those 1000 years ( on some parts , probably even the whole 1000 years and more ) , and most people do n't really care about the `` who was there first '' game . 
  the issue is mainly due to the living people today , the hundreds of thousands of hungarians in the south of slovakia . 
  it 's not a history issue , it does n't matter how many years ago trianon was , these people are there today and many slovaks seem to not even understand why they are there and say they should go `` back '' to hungary if they do n't like things . 
  honestly the best solution would have been to keep the border as of the first vienna award of 1938 and there would be no real ( ethnic ) reason for negative feelings ( except for the boring `` who was there first '' contest ) . 
  but anywhere in the world , when a border cuts right through the 80 % + majority area of an ethnicity , it 's inevitable that there will be conflict and bitterness . 
  of course modifying borders is totally out of reality now , we have to learn to live with european borders as they happen to be . 
  with more eu integration the borders are n't as important as they used to be . 
  i hope there will come the time when our relations become mature in a western european style , with more local autonomy for the hungarians ( according to the wish of the people living there ) , with self-evidently bilingual signs and texts everywhere , etc. 
  i think not so much covered in or tastes like , but rather an area where horseradish would be grown . 
  few people are nostalgic about restoring the whole kingdom and having millions of non-hungarians in a modern-day greater hungary . 
  sure there are some delusional people along the lines of `` hungarians came from the sirius system and jesus was hungarian and hungary is the heart chakra of the world and hungarians are descendants of the huns and not finno-ugric '' etc. 
  some of these want to restore the `` sacral apostolic kingdom '' to bring cosmic balance to the universe . 
  but they are few . 
  what 's much more common is people who demand better treatment for the hungarians in the neighboring countries . 
  for people who live there * today * . 
  make a map of the percentage among internet users . 
  in hungary , people usually drink a beer/wine in the beginning of the dinner , then eat , drink alcohol-free stuff for 2 hours and drive . 
  usually that 's enough time to get rid of the blood alcohol . 
  some people risk more . 
  random police checks are rare outside of easter and christmas , when people usually drink more with family and friends . 
  if you get caught the punishment depends on your level , under 0.05 % it 's no driving for 6-12 months + approx . 
  $ 360 - $ 1180 fine . 
  above this level it 's a higher legal category and it goes to court instead of the police handling it , and you get a minimum of 1 year of no driving and $ 720 - $ 1180 fine . 
  just for comparison , the average yearly salary is $ 6924 ( or $ 577 per month ) after taxes . 
  also it 's just not in the culture to tolerate this . 
  most sane people would react very harshly to someone proposing to drink and drive . 
  it 's not some `` well , well , that 's not nice '' thing . 
  i was shocked how casually people treat it in western europe . 
  like they drink 1.5 liters of beer and then just sit in the car and friends say nothing just smile and say bye . 
  hungarians would look at him like some criminal planning to hit pedestrians ( mild exaggeration ) . 
  drinking a lot is in the culture but drunk driving is totally not . 
  8 hours per day , 40 hours per week is considered the standard `` full time '' job . 
  by whom ? 
  they are definitely considered hungarians by themselves and other hungarians ( in hungary and elsewhere ) . 
  are you hungarian ? 
  we consider them hungarians . 
  source : i 'm hungarian , i know lots of hungarians , i consume hungarian media ( books , tv , newspapers ) . 
  if you work 8 hours monday to friday with 1 hour lunchbreaks and no work on weekends then you should average at precisely 5 hours per day . 
  people above this probably also do a second job or for example work on saturdays too . 
  below it you are part-time . 
  part-time jobs pay well enough in western europe and people value their free time ( or child-care time ) more . 
  seems extremely good for after 9 months learning . 
  did you exaggerate ? 
  it seems like many years of intensive learning would be needed for this level ( if this text was spontaneous ) . 
  yep , native english-speakers are harder to understand for most hungarians than non-natives ( not even necessarily hungarians ) . 
  in school we learn a sort of fake english , teachers often have a heavy hungarian accent and classes do n't focus much on pronunciation , more on grammar and vocabulary . 
  colloquial expressions are rarely taught , too . 
  tv and movies are often dubbed instead of subtitled , although younger people who download american tv shows directly after they are broadcast watch them with subtitles . 
  if you 're not understood well , speak somewhat slower then cut out the idioms , make sentences shorter and straight to the point , all without being condescending . 
  that 's a skill too . 
  depends on who you want to talk to in english and about what . 
  complicated topics , deep and long discussions ? 
  or just asking where the train station is or how much the bread costs ? 
  it 's vastly different . 
  random people are probably not fluent , but you can get by by pointing and gesturing and using well known english words . 
  with university students you can probably discuss more , but most of them will probably not be very used to the situation i guess , so they may have a strong accent . 
  or not . 
  there are so many different sort of people and there are enough english speakers that you can build a circle of friends where you can talk english . 
  but if i were you , i 'd begin with learning hungarian . 
  if you do n't want to feel isolated and distant , you should know basic hungarian . 
  it can be a good experience in itself to learn such a different language and hungarians really like when someone tries ( even if just a few sentences in the beginning ) and does n't act entitled and smug . 
  the stereotype of americans is this oblivious person who does n't care about other cultures , just usa celebrities , fast food chains and expects to be celebrated and served just for being american , and does n't have to make any effort to dive into hungarian things . 
  so learning it is a nice way to show that you care , and that you consider hungarian culture valuable . 
  i think he means where he can get started with people of his age who are welcoming and would be glad to include him in activities . 
  sure , you can walk up to people in the tram stop , but people are usually busy . 
  in some bars people like to keep with their friends and do n't want to switch to english ( but some bars are definitely very open ) . 
  so i think his main point is where to get started if you do n't know anyone and want to do daytime activities with them . 
  basically , all museums have english leaflets ( and audio guides or english tours ) . 
  a good place to learn about the recent ( 20th century ) history of hungary is the `` house of terror '' ( google it ) . 
  it 's a unique and very modern museum where you can really get a feel of history , it 's a place that makes a big impression on you , even after many years , i still vividly remember many exhibition rooms , i highly recommend it . 
  there 's also the museum of transportation history ; museum of natural science ; the national museum ; the museum of fine arts etc. 
  because it 's not in ` murica, 
  not many !, 
  therefore i do n't base my worldview , my morals and my lifestyle on those events either . 
  it defines `` night '' as the time when it 's night in the entire country . 
  i know what you mean , and the description can be confusing , but it 's only about wine consumption . 
  my fairly strong hunch is that english subtitles have never been created for this series . 
  it was broadcast on hungarian national tv and it 's mainly aimed at hungarians . 
  learn hungarian then !, 
  there 's probably not enough demand . 
  if it were only a short clip , you could probably get some random person make subtitles for you , but it 's a very long series , so it would take a lot of time to properly translate with all the accurate historical terminology . 
  you could either try to gather other like-minded people and ask the producers ( i do n't see good chances ) , or collect money and pay a translator ( could be expensive ) . 
  i do n't see any other option . 
  read a book or the history section of the main `` hungary '' article of wikipedia . 
  then you 'll know what 's up approximately and then you can just watch the movie for the visuals  your wife can occasionally translate-summarize the most interesting parts for you . 
  hey , [ i made subs for the first episode ] ( http://www.amara.org/en/videos/aeyroieaecl2/info/magyarorszag-tortenete-1-resz-uton-a-haza-fele/ ) , this site has an easy interface . 
  it took about 5 hours , looking up words and geographical names , and timing the stuff , but i guess it gets faster if someone gets used to it . 
  i 'm not a professional translator , so my style is not the greatest , but the factual content is the same . 
  i made subtitles at amara.org , which makes the process really easy . 
  you can also download the subtitles in srt format there . 
  i 'm not an expert , but it 's probably good as a rudimentary translation . 
  unfortunately , the narrator speaks very fast , dense with information , so you may need to pause sometimes . 
  it 's not just typing , you 'll need to google and wiki around for names of tools , people , empires , rivers , cities etc. 
  for me it took 5 hours without breaks to do 25 minutes , so i went at the rate of 12 minutes work for 1 minute video . 
  `` by definition '' arguments are always weak . 
  it could be that there are `` things '' other than models , but very very similar to models to a degree of being almost mistakable for models , but that are actually * right * . 
  seems to be written by a 9-13 year old . 
   on these pages , ferenc dex brings to us the sentenced-to-fade-away beautiful parts of the old pozsony . 
  the parts that - built in the piled-on-each-other streets - spread picturesque-ness and the magic of coziness from the outside , but inside they are the breeding farms of proletarian misery . 
  this relative beauty is slowly waning with the more and more progressive and unfolding age .
