  as a general rule , things are pronounced as they are written . 
  there is usually no trick involved . 
  there are some cases when consonants blend in some predictable ways , but we usually do n't skip things or blend things so much as in english . 
  your words under `` example words '' are basically pronounced letter by letter ( with the exception that j\u00f3sz\u00edv\u0171 is pronounced with a short i and perhaps short \u00fc , depending on the region ) . 
  except for \u00e1 and \u00e9 , the acute accent mark ( long stroke ) simply means ` long ' , i.e. 
  that vowel is vocalized for a longer time ( about 1.5 times longer ) . 
  if you want to be linguistically precise , then there is some qualitative difference , but it 's a very good first approximation that the accent just makes it long . 
  so the made up words ` ju ' and ` j\u00fa ' only differ in the length of the vowel . 
   can pronounce sound clusters such as ja and j\u00e1 differently, 
  no question about it at all . 
  perfectly clearly different . 
  in case of ` a ' vs ' \u00e1 ' , it 's both length and quality . 
  they are really entirely different vowels . 
  same with ` e ' vs ' \u00e9 ' ( lengthening and also entirely different ) . 
  offtopic : i myself find english vowels very hard . 
  most hungarians ( myself included ) can not properly differentiate the vowel in `` bed '' vs `` bad '' , `` gun '' vs `` start '' , and diphthongs like `` take '' are quite difficult too . 
  so it all goes both ways . 
  it stopped being a big deal around the time when the 150 years elapsed ( 1999 ) . 
  perhaps you may hear about this as a `` fun fact '' , when drinking beer with hungarians , but it 's no serious stuff . 
  however , some hungarians still prefer to just bang the beer glass against the table and hold it up together instead of clinking . 
  it 's easy to be tolerant and open if you only see gypsies in the news and in books . 
  once you live in a village with a gypsy majority , you 'll think otherwise . 
  somehow this is an issue also in slovakia , romania etc. 
  and as they start to immigrate to sweden , uk , france etc , people there also get a bit less tolerant and all-loving . 
  and no it 's not about genetics and not about skin color and not all of them are bad . 
  but there is a distinct group who can make your life shit if you live near them . 
  many people take baths every day . 
  you come home in the evening and want to relax . 
  yeah it 's a lot of water , but still . 
  strange to hear that the us cares about wasting something so much . 
  no offense , really , i 'm genuinely surprised . 
  americans are usually fine with tons of packaging in the garbage , throwing away plastic and glass bottles and beer cans etc. 
  driving everywhere using tons of gas , etc. 
  why is water treated so nicely ? 
  spelled wrong , it should be `` kellemes h\u00e1zkeres\u00e9s '' . 
  sounds weird . 
  i 'd rather say `` lak\u00e1skeres\u00e9s k\u00f6nnyed\u00e9n '' ( literally , flat-search easily ) . 
  `` kellemes '' is something like a breeze in the spring , nice relaxing music , carefree and peaceful stuff . 
  sifting through ads is not like this . 
  sorting : it says `` fajta '' , it should say something like `` sorrendez\u00e9s '' or `` sorba rendez\u00e9s '' . 
  `` fajta '' means `` sort '' as in `` type , kind , sort '' , not in the sense of sorting into ascending or descending order . 
  the up/down arrows for setting the min max price filter go in increments of 100 huf , which is ridiculously fine-grained for this . 
  either remove those arrows or set them to step in 1000 or 10000 ( reasonable for renting ) or 100000 ( reasonable for buying ) . 
  not sure if the column headers are necessary . 
  clearly we can see that it 's a photo , a description and price . 
  this does n't tell us anything . 
  in hungarian we use decimal comma instead of decimal point ( in 48,0 m \u00b2 instead of 48.0 m \u00b2 ) . 
  also , you could leave out the fractional part if it 's a whole number ( which is basically always ) . 
  sometimes there is no picture displayed although if i click through to the site , i can see pictures . 
  also the default picture ( house crossed out ) is really ugly with jpeg compression artifacts . 
  the usual hungarian date format is 2015.07.15 . 
  18:00 or 2015-07-15 18:00 , not the 14:19 4-07-2015 that you use . 
  translate the `` place an ad '' part . 
  otherwise it 's a very straightforward , usable site . 
  i think they used dials at the time ( those circular things that you have to rotate ) . 
  so it would mean you have to make the biggest rotation first than just two small ones . 
  this means you probably wo n't call accidentally , too . 
  much much more immigrants entering hungary than before , they are coming by the tens and tens of thousands . 
  most want to go to western europe , but some must stay for some reason . 
  they can go to refugee camps for shelter , but they are at their capacity limit . 
  hungary has now the highest number of immigrants entering per capita in the eu . 
  there were some violent actions in a debrecen camp and people living near the border just dislike this sudden rush of illegal immigrants everywhere . 
  immigrants are entering hungary from serbia just like a walk in the park , through the forested areas . 
  so now the government wants to build a fence on the border . 
  next level is politics . 
  government can use this to show how they protect the hungarians and it 's always great to have outsiders to blame . 
  the left-wing says it 's all racism or whatever . 
  the other posters are about economy and how good the reforms have been . 
  she probably wants to write something in her own words but translate it so it 's more exotic . 
  let her do as she wishes . 
  she ca n't magically jump into the hungarian mindset/culture and produce a natural hungarian sentence . 
  but she desires the fact that it be in hungarian . 
  but actually , i will never understand why anyone would make a tattoo in such a situation at all in whichever language ( or indeed why you 'd make a tattoo at all ) . 
  this whole let 's make a tattoo to remember something , or help myself remind who i am is another cultural thing that 's not so usual in hungary i guess ( but maybe it is ) . 
  i think it 's far from `` most people '' . 
  also , this does n't change the fact that the current illegal immigration is not sustainable and will indeed lead to lots of conflict if we do n't stop it . 
  pointing your finger at anti-semites is not a solution . 
  i see . 
  but hungary is not so tiny by european standards . 
  larger than most of the neighboring countries . 
  also , you said they think israel wants to dilute the * european * race , not hungarian . 
  europe is pretty big and influential i 'd say . 
  and what does it matter how big the country is ? 
  does the relevance of a given person 's opinion depend on the size of the country they live in ? 
  right , i though we are talking about average people ( you said `` most people '' , not `` most politicians '' ) . 
  anyway . 
  problem 's there . 
  just because some people think about some conspiracies , it does n't mean the problem itself vanishes . 
  also i do n't think this israel thing is that widespread . 
  and i also do n't understand how it 's relevant for the interpretation of these posters . 
  the first 7 albums on that list are from the '80s . 
  some people just like to show off how much they remember those times or ( if they did n't live at the time ) feel for those times and do n't `` conform to today 's music '' . 
  i 'd say just do n't care about any such rankings . 
  it 's such a mixture of what people actually like , what people think they should like , what they think is perceived as cool to be liked , etc. 
  if you like an album then you like it . 
  if you enjoy it , then you do . 
  what else do we need ? 
  sorry , i 'm totally lost here . 
  this is some very twisted thinking . 
  the posters show that orb\u00e1n is * not * a populist ?
