  built earlier and not even soviet style . 
  ( also , just in case , hungary was never part of the soviet union . 
  just in case . ), 
  i do n't like this explanation because it just leads to the next natural question : how do you evaluate the sine function ? 
  how do you calculate sine ( 180 \u00b0 / 7 ) for example ? 
  of course you can play around with geometry , but then why mention sine in the first place ? 
  just say that you can geometry out the length of `` side '' and that 's it . 
  think with the head of the sort of person who does n't know how pi can be calculated . 
  of course you could just say , well use this or that series expansion , but that 's not a proper answer . 
  the answer must use only more basic things than pi . 
  `` did we '' calculate it * using the sine function * ? 
  there is no simple black-and-white answer to this . 
  hungarian politics is highly polarized and emotion-based . 
  some love him , some hate him . 
  also , international reporting is done mainly through the viewpoint of the hungarian left so you may almost get the impression that he 's a `` dictator '' . 
  but those who love him will say he is doing a freedom fight against the exploitative multinational companies , against the global finance world like banks and the imf , against the eu 's infringing on our sovereignty , against utility companies ' extra profits etc. 
  those who hate him will emphasize the corruption ( tobacco shops , farming lands etc. 
  ) , his obsession with football and building stadiums , ridicule his old-fashioned nationalistic rhetoric , his relations with putin , and just in general they have a gut-level aversion towards him . 
  according to a recent poll , about 43 % of hungarians would choose him to be the next pm and 66 % if we do n't count those `` do n't know/don ' t answer '' . 
  so a lot of people like him . 
  to which the opposition would say that the masses are too simple and stupid to see through his populist propaganda . 
  no offense of course . 
  - google panelh\u00e1z , those are the socialist style apartment block houses . 
  most of budapest 's inner city is older and fancier . 
  there are also some socialist style office and government buildings left , but they are very easy to recognize , featureless , greyish boring buildings vs almost palaces with sculptures etc. 
  - yes , we were in the warsaw pact , but `` soviet ruin '' sounds as if we had been part of the ussr . 
  - huns are a totally different peope , unrelated to hungarians , although medieval legends said hungarians are their descendants , but it has no basis in real history . 
  the heroes ' square monument was made in 1896 for the celebration of 1000 years of hungary 's existence and the statues depict heroes from the whole of the 1000 years , you have 9th century chieftains , kings from the 11th , 13th centuries , heroes from the 16th century , revolutionaries from 18th , reformers of the 19th , etc. 
  there 's nothing wrong with learning about one 's ancestry or identifying with it . 
  some people derive a sense of `` legitimacy of existence '' in seeing their roots . 
  the us is a country of immigrants , their idea of an `` american nation '' is not the same as europe 's nations . 
  the two do n't negate each other . 
  you can be an american while also identifying with your immigrant ancestors ' nation . 
  sure , it will be deprived of the actual substance and reduced to superficial things and it 's more like a hobby than an actual identity , but if that makes someone happy , then why not ? 
  nationality and ethnicity are n't about genetics . 
  it 's more about culture , knowing the common knowledge and references and basic things that all hungarians take for granted , the language , history , what we learn in school , the tales , the sayings , the attitude , in summary : what it 's like to live a hungarian life . 
  if you ( general you ) have n't lived that , you are n't a hungarian in my view , but that does n't mean you should n't get a turul tattoo . 
  i mean , he has a connection to hungary , so if he wants to express this connection this way , i 'm fine with that . 
  that 's not true , it 's in the logos of a lot of governmental institutions ( no , not only since orb\u00e1n , it was so in the socialists ' time too ) . 
  there are turuls on top of liberty bridge , too . 
  it 's a basic symbol of the origin myth of hungarians ( emese 's dream ) . 
  a turul is not the same as a greater hungary tattoo would be . 
  there your opinion would be more valid . 
  hungary was part of the axis powers in world war ii . 
  using national symbols of former axis countries can be offensive . 
  it 's somewhat like getting an german eagle tattoo . 
  the german eagle is still in the coat of arms of germany , but getting a tattoo of it may remind people of nazis . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that in the european mainstream , wearing national symbols of former axis countries is not the same as waving the american flag and getting bald eagle tattoos . 
  this is meant in a factual way , so you can know what you can expect if you choose to get a tattoo . 
  you can also say that you do n't care and think that an ancient hungarian symbol should not carry any 20th century tainted meaning , but at least be aware of the possible interpretations , so you knowingly refuse them and still get the tattoo . 
  or not . 
  tattoos in general are quite liked among radical , far-right nationalists , so a tattoo of a national symbol is a good indicator of being a far-right person . 
  so if you plan to visit hungary , prepare for that interpretation to be the first reaction to such a tattoo . 
  holl\u00f3k\u0151 and hortob\u00e1gy display a lot of fake culture . 
  p\u00e9cs and others you mentioned will be fine . 
  being able and willing to write in english is a powerful filter . 
  either the question is historical , then do n't use the word `` sine '' , or it 's about how someone can calculate pi from scratch using only common sense and the understanding of what a circle is ( plus we can assume acceptance of euclids axioms ) . 
  mixing in more advanced and more powerful concepts ( taylor series , sine function etc. ), 
  does not answer the gist of the question . 
  `` settle '' in which meaning ? 
  do you mean a concrete idiomatic saying ? 
  or just translating `` do n't settle '' ? 
  true , i said similar things in [ my other comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/hungary/comments/3qvyqh/what_does_the_turul_mean_to_you/cwjjr89 ), 
  absolutely this !, 
  anytime you wonder why people use one word an not the other , why do n't they use word x even though it `` means the same '' , think * connotations * . 
  * connotations are everything * . 
  by using specific words , people express identity , belonging to a group , a community , a social class etc. 
  previously , there was the compositional theory of meaning . 
  like `` mother '' would be composed of `` female '' and `` ancestor one generation back '' . 
  `` brother '' would be `` male '' + `` sibling '' . 
  but this theory turned out to be very naive . 
  words do n't just `` mean '' some well-defined thing . 
  they invoke associations , connotations they express identities , cultural or political ideas etc. 
  it 's pretty hard for someone to see their own culture , just like the metaphorical fish do n't notice the water as a `` thing '' . 
  to us , everyday hungarian life is just normal , dull and default . 
  it 's hard for us to imagine that a foreigner may be interested in immersing in it . 
  and honestly , many tourists ( not just those coming to hungary ) have a strange concept of eastern europe or just cultures in general . 
  especially those coming from richer countries , like the us , will have a sort of condescending view , like `` oh look at those little hungarians travelling on the bus going to their little jobs in their little lives '' , a bit like visiting the monkeys at the zoo . 
  it 's hard to express what i mean . 
  it takes a long time to understand a culture . 
  it 's not simply `` your culture '' + different food and customs . 
  but at the same time people are still just people who want to go forward in their lives . 
  the really important and interesting parts of culture are the unspoken parts . 
  not the recipes and the folk dances , but the generally assumed things and the background knowledge . 
  it 's hard to even put them in words , it can be expressed better in anecdotes , novels , poems . 
  strangely enough , the expression `` most hungarian '' sounds negative when said in hungarian . 
  we are n't a really proud nation , we are very self-critical , but in a certain sense we are proud but in a kind of bitter way . 
  it 's hard to verbalize . 
  most other countries around us are a lot more proud and happy about themselves , like a polish person would openly say `` yay poland !, 
  we are awesome polish people !, 
  i love poland ! '', 
  in a fun and happy way and they 'd say `` look what an awesome culture we have '' . 
  hungary is not like this . 
  we can be fun and happy of course but we do n't usually identify that with being hungarian , if that makes sense . 
  settle down as in settle down in a particular city , like a settler as opposed to a limited-time worker or traveler ? 
  then `` ne telepedj le '' is fine . 
  or do you mean `` settle '' as in accept your conditions ? 
  or as in start a family in the suburbs ? 
  context is everything and unless you tell us more we ca n't help much . 
  what connotations are you trying to express ?
