  in this case it refers to the back-and-forth of talking in conversation . 
  but '' - get '' also has another meaning : it suggests casualness and informality . 
  ( zongor\u00e1zik = to play the piano , zongor\u00e1zgat = to play the piano just for fun , probably without much skill ), 
  i think the `` megbesz\u00e9l\u00e9s '' flair in the reddit context is a clumsy translation of `` discussion '' . 
  `` megbesz\u00e9l\u00e9s '' is more fitting for wikipedia discussion pages where people have a concrete topic at hand that they want to resolve ( like whether to take a sentence out , or delete an article etc. ) . 
  europe is not a country . 
  there are big differences between the individual countries and cultures . 
  which country did you visit ? 
  you certainly wo n't find casual ads for prostitutes and also no sexualized tits on regular tv in hungary . 
  the `` bothering '' question is probably not really about the shooting stats , rather that you have to behave like this . 
  just thinking of this stresses me out , that i have to declare beforehand if i want to take my wallet out of my pocket or that i ca n't just get out of my car etc. 
  here in hungary it 's not unusual to get out of the car and walk to the police out of politeness and then discuss whatever needs to be discussed . 
  whereas based on the above discussion there are very strict behavior rules for what to do in the us . 
  what kind of tit display do you mean ? 
  if it 's educational it can be shown . 
  but you wo n't see tit fondling or tits + seductive looks ( i.e. 
  erotica ) on regular tv . 
  basically [ this is the most ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alj_azb7d7c ) you 'd see in a commercial , i do n't know if there are similar ones in the us . 
  and yeah in the late night time , around 11 pm , you may see regular movies that contain sex scenes and toplessness , but they are marked by an 18 + sign . 
  i do n't think people really discuss and show much more sex and tits in europe in practice . 
  rather , i think the difference is that when it happens , americans really freak out and think it 's the apocalypse and that it 's going to ruin the childhood of children forever etc. 
  here people wo n't freak out that much , but it 's still not frequent to see it . 
  i mean , yeah we have the topless girl on the tabloid newspaper cover or page 3 , but it 's not in-your-face in everyday life . 
   i leave my hands resting on the steering wheel because it 's common sense -- imagine how you would feel walking up to a stranger in a car . 
  living in a country with low gun ownership ( hungary ) , i just have n't ever felt that i should think about this . 
  we do n't instinctively watch out for guns or where someone 's hands are , because it 's just so vanishingly rare for anybody to have a gun . 
  so this is all pretty strange for non-americans . 
  yeah , we do n't freak out about that kind of thing . 
  i mean if something like the janet jackson thing happened , the tabloids would probably write about it , but it would n't be seen as such a huge huge catastrophe . 
  still , we should n't exaggerate , it 's not like a constant sex fest in europe . 
  because , for example , nudity is not * always * associated with sex here . 
  so i do n't think it paints a realistic picture to say that there are prostitute ads and tits all over tv etc. 
  we just have a very different relationship with police here . 
  the situation is just not as tense as in the us . 
  and yeah for me an encounter like saying `` my licence is in my wallet '' , and the cop says `` get it '' sounds very rigid and distant and tense . 
  it 's like there 's very little trust and there 's a feeling of lurking imminent danger , because of course the danger is real in the us , because so many people have guns . 
  just for comparison , in many european countries traffic cops do n't even have guns on them all the time . 
  here things are n't threatening unless the person is * actively * threatening like running and shouting , flailing a knife around or saying actual threatening things . 
  reaching in your pocket is not considered threatening , nor is walking to a cop car , unless you 're doing it in an obviously aggressive way . 
  it 's just a very different dynamic . 
  very different police-society relationship . 
  yep , i know that . 
  and if i can believe the movies , there are ( or were a few decades ago ) some really long roads out there between cities , where there is nothing around and there 's little traffic , so you can really feel alone and unprotected in the middle of nowhere . 
  now compared to that , europe is much more densely populated . 
  there are almost always other people and cars around , police reinforcement can get there quickly . 
  and about distrust in government . 
  we also have that , but not on such a princlipled and fundamental level as americans . 
  we mostly do n't trust those particular guys up there because they are lying , corrupt politicians , but we are n't distrustful of the * idea * of the government itself . 
  since we ( like most european countries ) transitioned from a monarchy to democracy there were many institutional and organizational things that continued , it was never an abrupt restart of public life . 
  there was never a free-roaming , everyone-fend-for-themselves age here . 
  we did have some bloody revolutions ( 1848 against austrian rule , 1956 against the soviet occupation ) , but they were more against the external occupation than against the idea of having a government . 
  another thing is that in the us , the federal government is very removed and far from everyday life . 
  it looks like this big machine that acts in its own interests . 
  here the governments are much more local , since the countries have smaller populations . 
  they are also a lot less powerful , so myths like the `` government is manipulating the weather/aliens/etc '' , other tinfoil-hat stuff just look absurd because we believe our government is much more powerless and incompetent than that ( so even in the local variety of the conspiracies , it 's the americans doing it , not our govt ) . 
  also , when we say `` government '' we usually think of the cabinet , the prime minister + his ministers ( and deputies , and secretaries of state ) , not really the whole apparatus and institutions . 
  for that we 'd rather say the equivalent of `` the state '' . 
  only traditional discussion forums ( so no voting ) . 
  index has the largest and most general , but there are many more specialized ones , too . 
  ( btw , `` about '' is '' - r\u00f3l / - r\u0151l '' , not '' - ra / - re '' ), 
  i think i managed to find it in google earth :, 
   you 're probably never going to need to understand calculus, 
  depends on who 's `` you '' . 
  it 's fundamental to physics , engineering , any sort of optimization etc. 
  even economics and finance . 
  to be fair , you could also arbitrarily define x/0 as + \u221e , like `` the * positive * solution '' . 
  another way is to give a sign to zero , thus having positive and negative zero , and then define the sign of the result as usual . 
  it 's a typical thing that the craziest of our conspiracy nutjobs believe . 
  that hungarians are originally from the sirius system ( sirius is a star ) , and that we are relatives of the sumerians , etruscans , we 're the starters of civilization , the hungarian language is the most ancient language , the original one on the whole earth , jesus was hungarian etc. 
  there are probably similar things that people in other countries claim about them being the most original , most ancient etc. 
  people . 
  it was probably quite sparsely populated , but it 's a point of controversy due to political reasons . 
  genuine question : are n't there programs that do this for you ? 
  i mean if i were color blind , i 'd probably want to just have a keyboard shortcut to temporarily switch the colors on the whole screen to amplify the differences that i ca n't otherwise see . 
  perhaps this does n't exist , but it seems very easy to program . 
  [ something like this ] ( https://www.ryobi-sol.co.jp/visolve/en/ ) . 
  it would transform this particular image to [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vbkmo ) to aid red-green color blind people . 
  there are [ some other tools here ] ( http://www.color-blindness.com/2008/12/23/15-tools-color-blindness/ ) . 
  but i agree that it 's best to make the maps color-blind-friendly in the first place . 
  the problem is that green and red are so strongly associated culturally with `` allow '' and `` forbid '' , respectively , that it 's become the standard and natural way to color maps like this . 
  first and foremost , err on the safe side and do n't go into controversial topics , unless you understand the relevant history and the current political contexts very well . 
  which is probably not the case . 
  anyway , it depends . 
  historically , everyone agreed to it . 
  all political powers , irrespective of ideology , and the population as well . 
  after wwii , irredentism stopped on the `` mainstream '' level and all such official efforts have stopped . 
  after 1990 , there was somewhat of a nationalist subculture revival and you started to see some greater hungary bumper stickers etc. 
  these nationalists often chant `` vesszen trianon ! '', 
  ( down with trianon ) , which is like a more explicit version of `` nem , nem , soha '' . 
  it 's not a `` scary '' phrase , but in the mainstream it 's seen as pointless , unnecessarily provoking our neighbors etc. 
  romanians and slovaks etc. 
  would probably say it 's offensive to them . 
  tldr ; it 's politically loaded and you should avoid politics unless you have an opinion on a solid foundation . 
  it 's ungrammatical without the article ` a ' . 
  general statements like this always need the definite article , it 's not optional . 
  it 's just one of the differences between english and hungarian . 
  they have suicide data for several age groups for each country and then they reweight these age-group stats to match the european average . 
  so one country has 1.2 times as many people in , say , age group 15-25 compared to the european average , then the number of suicides in this country among this age group would be divided by 1.2 so we can know how many would it be if the age distribution would be like in the average of europe . 
  suppose we do n't do age-adjustment . 
  then if a given age group is more suicidal , then the countries that have a higher portion of this age group in their population would come up as more suicidal .
