  my answer is that the true guess should still be that it wo n't be 6 . 
  it 's simply a setup that motivates a sort of strategic lying . 
  your expected profit is much higher if you say it will be 6 . 
  but it does n't mean you really think that . 
  similarly , in the sleeping beauty case , if it 's heads , then she 's asked twice ( and obviously she has to give the same answer both times ) , so the heads case weighs more . 
  it depends on what you want to call probability . 
  you could model her as if she thought 1/3 probability , * or * as if she just acted so based on tactical forethought , but still believed 1/2 , but suppressed that answer . 
  another analogy . 
  if you meet a person , you do n't know if they are nice or not . 
  but , if they are nice , you 'd want to have had assumed this from the get-go , so you become good friends smoothly . 
  ( sorry if this is too convoluted ) . 
  basically , you should assume that a random person is nice , because if they turn out to be so , then your initial assumption and attitude will be very useful . 
  if they turn out to be a jerk , you do n't necessarily lose too much . 
  but it does n't necessarily mean you actually * believe * they are nice with a high probability , you just act * as if * , because you know that the important possible future is when they turn out so , since you 'll cut the conversation with non-nice people . 
  another analogy . . you have a pill in front of you . 
  earlier it was decided by a fair coin flip whether it 's a lethal poison or not . 
  you are forced to swallow it , but you can make a probability estimate and bet on whether it 's poison or not . 
  in some sense , you 're justified in saying `` i 'm 100 % sure it 's not poison '' , since that way you 'll be correct if it 's not poison , but if you die , it does n't matter that you were wrong . 
  but of course you are n't actually 100 % sure . 
  it 's just that if it is poison , you 'll face/enjoy the consequences of your guess once , while if it 's poison then you face/enjoy the consequences 0 times . 
  now , alternatively , you can be asked afterwards . 
  obviously , if you survive it , you can be 100 % sure that it was n't poison . 
  ( but another question is whether you could be justified to say it in advance already ), 
  the sleeping beauty is n't the same , i know . 
  for one , it 's 2 and 1 times , instead of 1 and 0 . 
  also , waking up is not a definite proof of any of the coin flip results , as opposed to the poison case . 
  ** the whole thing boils down to the difference between `` you 'll wake up twice as many times if x ( compared to not-x ) '' vs. `` you 'll wake up with double the probability if x ( compared to not-x ) '' . 
  you can still use the probability framework for cases that are actually `` twice as many times '' - like cases ( or `` twice as important '' ) as opposed to `` twice the probability '' cases , because the expected rewards will work out to be the same . 
  but there is an underlying philosophical difference and i personally would not call this probability . 
  just strategic understanding of the situation and acting accordingly . 
  but i can also understand if someone says that the probability framework works , so `` if it quacks like a duck and walks like a duck '' , we can just say that this is a probability thing as well . 
  but i 'm still reluctant . 
  i understand that you could do it , but i 'd like to reserve the name `` probability '' to something else . 
  what exactly ? 
  well , if you think deep into it , it also has something to do with `` how many times '' things happen , but in a different way ( as a frequency among potential alternative futures , somewhat like counting the fitting situations across `` parallel imagined universes '' vs. counting them sequentially in the same potential universe ) . 
  anyway , through this you jump into the whole thing about the philosophical interpretation of probability . 
  it 's not a trivial issue . 
  this is somewhat of a linguistic game . 
  in hungarian , for example , we have no way of saying `` knowledge is a kind of belief '' , because we have no word equivalent to `` belief '' . 
  the nearest one we have means something like `` faith '' or `` superstition '' or something like that , that already implies that it is n't justified in the usual sense . 
  so whether knowledge is classified as a subcategory of belief or not is a words game and does n't lead to anything productive or interesting . 
  it 's a common confusion and school often gives a false impression about these things . 
  philosophy often used to tangle itself ( and probably still does ) in such questions where the implicit attitude is `` let 's * find out * the * correct * definition of things '' . 
  this whole attitude is misguided and produces little insight other than into the nature of the futility of such explorations . 
  it 's like when people pedantically point out that chimps are n't monkeys . 
  well , that 's a peculiarity of the english language . 
  in many languages ( again i can refer to my native hungarian ) the closest corresponding word to `` monkey '' includes the apes . 
  it 's a good test generally : can the argument be translated easily to other languages which classify things slightly differently ? 
  the more resilient your argument is to shaking up words and languages , the more relevant it is . 
  ( of course if you 're explicitly investigating languages , then it 's different . ), 
  for example in case of monkeys and apes , you can talk about how one group of animals ( apes ) does n't have tails and list some other differences from that other group of animals ( monkeys ) , and this will be understood by everyone . 
  this part is the important and biological part of the discussion . 
  how you use the word monkey is nusance . 
  not totally moot , though , but it 's more a question of practicality , tradition , etc. 
  words do matter ( because of connotations etc. 
  ) , but we should recognize when discussion slips into word stuff . 
  otherwise we 'll think we learned something about monkeys when we actually learned something about the english language . 
  of course most discussions are a mix between the two , since inevitably , if you talk about apes not being monkeys the discussion will contain at least * some * stuff about the biology and appearance of these animals . 
  and vice versa if you talk about any topic , you inevitably must introduce the listeners to the way your particular language classifies and groups those things , just to be able to discuss it . 
  our current beliefs are the best beliefs we have available ( at least as evaluated by us ) . 
  replacing or butchering it just because `` it could be false '' without any reason to do so would be like randomly deleting lines of software source code because `` there must be bugs in there somewhere '' . 
  you 're welcome to debug and develop the code ( ~ participate in the quest for new knowledge ) , but merely pointing out that the code is probably buggy is n't too helpful . 
  we already know it . 
  scientists are generally okay with being proven false . 
  still , our current ideas are what we think are the best available , until something better comes along . 
  but do n't think of being right/wrong in a binary way . 
  read [ the relativity of wrong by asimov ] ( http://hermiene.net/essays-trans/relativity_of_wrong.html ) , which includes, 
   john , when people thought the earth was flat , they were wrong . 
  when people thought the earth was spherical , they were wrong . 
  but if you think that thinking the earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the earth is flat , then your view is wronger than both of them put together . 
  confusing . 
  are we talking about government ( as in title ) or parliament ( as in the legend ) ? 
  also what does `` rank adjusted by percent female ministers '' mean ? 
  do it the american way at first and then adjust it if it comes off too pushy for the girls ( it may or may not be the case ) . 
  one difference between us and europe in general is that we do n't have that fixed dating ritual in europe . 
  so it 's possible to be in an `` ambiguous '' / `` getting to know each other '' phase without having to make it formally clear that you are on a `` date '' . 
  and therefore `` asking out '' is n't like some formal contract here , you just ask her to meet or `` why do n't you come along to this and this party/event '' if you know her a bit better etc. 
  there are no hard rules , pickup lines are lame . 
  cold starting on the street is not very usual or easy , people here normally keep to themselves when traveling from a to b in the city . 
  good conversation starters are situational in my opinion . 
  general , canned pickup lines are usually cheesy and come off as either arrogant or loser-ish . 
  just comment on something about whatever is happening or the place where you are etc. 
  in a friendly way and let it go from there . 
  just as it is all over the world : do n't be too desperate , just because you start a conversation does n't have to mean anything much , and be cool with just having had a nice conversation . 
  if you 're `` out there '' long enough , you 'll gain friends ( male and female ) , acquaintances , hear some new info each time about how life is , etc. 
  and as a natural part of this process you 'll meet women who `` match '' with you in some sense . 
  but there 's no general approach . 
  what i said may not appeal to you . 
  maybe you just want to skip all that and just want a quick hookup . 
  that 's a whole other thing in itself . 
  or if you do n't like the tediousness of it all , you may try online dating , although it 's not as big as in the us and it is again a topic on its own . 
  you specified very little about where you want to do this ( street , bars , among already-halfway-friends/acquaintances at a friend 's place etc. 
  ) , what you want to achieve ( hookup or something deeper ) , how old you are etc. . . 
  being from the us already makes you interesting for hungarians , so you could also try to build on that one ( just do n't be too arrogant about it ) . 
  i like that the rules are much simpler than in chess . 
  chess seems pretty arbitrary in the kinds of moves the pieces are allowed to take and how they are arranged . 
  go is much more `` natural '' . 
  there 's no meaning . 
  no one true meaning . 
  when we say things , we expect them to be understood in a certain way .
