  because the posters do n't talk about israel ? 
  that 's the proof ? 
  although that 's pretty honest , i have to say . 
  they * are * selling an experience to you . 
  not just the food . 
  you buy a feeling , the coolness of the brand etc. 
  take the label off a big bottle of coca cola and see how lame it looks . 
  they know how to make a very specific kind of movie , with quite some limitations to the storyline and style . 
  it has to fit into very narrow expectations , like including a love story , a happy ending , a hero . 
  many many recognizable prototypical things . 
  if you look at movies from all over the world you see much more diversity . 
  but i do enjoy some of them , the same way i sometimes eat mcdonald 's and drink coke . 
  it 's the same sort of stuff . 
  13-year-olds just do n't yet know how huge and vast and unimaginably diverse the world is . 
  there is so much to know that anything you end up doing and thinking about in your daily life , it will be seen as some insignificant topic to the majority of the inhabitants of this planet . 
  but even adults can be caught up in one thing like music , fitness , finance , science , sex , politics , drugs , sports , tv shows , video gaming , cooking , religion , fashion , books , etc. 
  of course you can do multiple such things , but for many people there is one main thing they do and are horribly offended when it turns our that the general population is totally ignorant about that thing , although it seems like this huge topic for them . 
  like `` oh my god you do n't watch twitch , it 's like this huge thing that 's watched by millions and is a company worth many dollars ... '' yeah , i just do n't care about watching people play games . 
  `` but the commentary is so funny '' , okay chill , it 's just not my thing . 
  i do n't go around saying `` oh my god you ca n't program in c++ ?? '', 
  yes , kids are not simply immature for not understanding something . 
  it 's also that they have n't had enough time to bump into all the information that 's necessary for understanding some cultural thing . 
  everyone does . 
  it 's just a different slice for each of us . 
  it 's mostly said by insecure people who * finally * found something that they know but the other does n't , something to feel superior about . 
  what the hell is molly ? 
  i 'm a 20-something ... is it some us thing ? 
  i need to google . 
  edit : ok , i 'm not into drugs . 
  but if it feels like a chore to someone to do it , then what 's the point ? 
  just do it because it 's popular ? 
  wear the appropriate clothes , listen to the appropriate music , watch the popular films , cheer for some popular sports team , go to the popular clubs , eat the popular food etc. 
  if someone does n't like these , there 's no use in pretending . 
  what 's bad about missing out on a very large slice ? 
  maybe they are into ancient egyptian history and organic chemistry and south american dances and brewing beer and gardening . 
  why is their life less worth living for not paying attention to popular culture ? 
  i ca n't believe everyone says this as an answer . 
  no , you ca n't live the same level of life in romania with the average salary as you can in switzerland . 
  far , far , far from it . 
  everyday things like groceries , gas , electronics etc. 
  cost basically the same in both countries . 
  what does n't cost equally much is rent , price of real estate and ( obviously ) employing people . 
  and if you say oh but then how can you live off 400-500 euros per month , the answer is you ca n't !, 
  people live with their parents , rent small places with random other people , get into debt etc. 
  there 's a reason why everyone tries to move to countries like switzerland , sweden and the uk and it 's not just welfare , but the fact that you earn more as a dishwasher in london than as a doctor in romania . 
  i think privilege in this context does n't mean that you make more than the people who live in your street and your cousin and your friends . 
  it 's privilege on a global level . 
  the privilege that one does n't * really * have to worry about money in an immediate sense . 
  that every month you can put some money to the side , you have very good chances of being able to start a family , buy/rent a decent home etc. 
  i have a hard time believing that developers make more than 7500 eur/month in bucharest . 
  my guess would be around 2000-2500 for the good ones . 
  for entry level jobs , more like 800 . 
  depends on what stresses you out , what you consider as poverty . 
  not being able to own/maintain a car ? 
  not being able to eat at a restaurant on a random thought ? 
  not being able to spend holidays abroad ? 
  if you consider these as necessities , then sure . 
  or do you mean you ca n't pay rent and buy food from 2500 usd ? 
  why would you need to spend 1800 chf on clothes per year ? 
  i concede that you wo n't live like the richer swiss people but frugal swiss life still seems pretty good to me . 
  you are saying that 92 % of the population has more than that , it 's pretty nice . 
  i mean , swiss people as a whole are among the richest on earth , what are we even debating ? 
  i 'm not talking about who deserves what or whether it 's injustice or not . 
  i just really do n't like when people always come back with `` but life is more expensive there '' . 
  first , supermarket , electronics , books , clothes ( items in general ) cost the same and all else costs maybe 2 or 3 times more but you make 10 times more , so you 're still much better off . 
  well , of course . 
  the problem is that `` poverty '' is such an extremely relative term . 
  i guess almost nobody thinks they are actually rich ( except for billionaires ) . 
  i could say that i must wear a rolex because i ca n't just go and negotiate business without a watch . 
  so if i ca n't buy a rolex , i 'm poor . 
  i 'm exaggerating a bit , but almost nobody thinks they live in luxury . 
  once you can afford something it turns into a necessity in a split second . 
  for some people poverty is not having access to clean water or having to work 12 hours a day 7 days a week without getting anywhere in life ( third world ) . 
  or if you ca n't pay for the school meals for your children or their school books so you must apply for government aid in this . 
  or if you literally ca n't pay your bills and you end each month with your bank account showing a negative amount ( not so rare in eastern europe ) . 
  again others would say if you ca n't pay for your own car , you 're poor . 
  or if you ca n't travel to the sea every year for a week or two with your family . 
  or if you ca n't randomly sit in caf\u00e9s and restaurants when you feel like it . 
  i do n't want to make it a who has it worse competition . 
  i 'm just saying that the ppp thing is invalid . 
  people do live a much lower quality of life in romania than in switzerland . 
  there is a reason why nobody moves to romania from switzerland ( except perhaps rich pensioners ) but everybody wants to move the other way . 
  it 's like that in most other countries too . 
  the only difference compared to other countries is that many hungarians in hungary are quite hostile towards hungarians outside the borders . 
  most nations hold together much better . 
  vote for the party list and vote for a local representative according to their address . 
  those who have no address can not vote for the local representative ( egy\u00e9ni k\u00e9pvisel\u0151 ) . 
  everyone has their preferences . 
  i think they are unreadable , boring , full of elaborate prose that i ca n't relate to . 
  basically almost all my classmates hated these books . 
  we ended up reading the shortened versions or watching the movie version which was just as boring but took shorter time . 
  this is not being contrarian . 
  it 's the common opinion . 
  miksz\u00e1th , m\u00f3ricz , j\u00f3kai , all unreadable to the average teenager . 
  the world has changed , come on . 
  i went to university and have since read other kinds of books ( i 'm more into sci-fi and philosophical books , like stanislaw lem for example ) so i 'm not a functional illiterate or anything . 
  but . 
  it 's true that important stuff is important , even if kids do n't like it . 
  but reading through all these books is too much , actually my teachers never * really * required it . 
  i think they also knew it 's stupid .
