  this is somewhat unusual for english speakers because in english length and emphasis go together . 
  but in hungarian , the emphasis is always on the first syllable , for every word , including names . 
  yeah , i noticed that especially with longer words , native english speakers tend to insert additional secondary stresses . 
  it 's unusual in english to go that long without an emphasized syllable . 
  rhythm and intonation are very difficult things to master but if learned properly , they make it a lot easier for hungarians to understand you . 
  and of course the reverse is also true , hungarians tend to speak in a more even ( perhaps monotonous ) way than native english speakers . 
  to us english intonation often seems like singing , really . 
   hungarian letters do n't have accents . 
  e , \u00e9 , o , \u00f6 , \u00fc , \u00f3 , \u00fa and so on are all different letters with different sounds . 
  that 's true , but we still call the accent marks '' \u00e9kezet '' and the accented letters '' \u00e9kezetes bet\u0171k '' . 
  but it 's true that for us the letter \u00e9 ( for example ) is one unit in some sense , unlike in spanish for example , where it just shows where the stress falls . 
  i 'd bet that we also visually process these letters differently than ( say ) spanish speakers , because we do n't interpret it as a `` modified e '' , but as a shape in itself . 
  the letters kind of have their own identity . 
  when learning spanish i noticed how i feel like i 'm looking at these accented letters differently than when i 'm reading hungarian , somewhat similarly to the [ rabbit-duck illusion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rabbit%e2%80%93duck_illusion ) where you can look at the same shape in different `` ways '' ( not intellectually , but really visually ) . 
   the phonetic alphabet and the lack of gender are two of the things that are n't crazy hard and i cling to them, 
  also the tense system is simple : basically only past and present . 
   why are so many mathematical problems related to this ? 
  because they lead to interesting theorems , they bring up a lot of interesting complexity . 
  they raise questions that are easy to state but difficult to answer . 
  mathematicians enjoy exploring such complexity arising from simple definitions . 
  this is always the reason why some topic is popular in pure maths . 
  much more recently , applications in cryptography also make research into prime numbers and related topics important . 
  now why do primes create such complexity ? 
  this is a bit subjective and speculative , but i like to think of it this way . 
  primes are basically what 's left if you remove all numbers divisible by 2 that are greater than 2 , then remove all numbers divisible by 3 that are greater than 3 , etc. 
  so you remove these structured , regularly spaced sequences of numbers from the natural numbers and then you 're left with something that is dancing on the blade of being structured in a peculiar way , but with no obvious pattern . 
  on the large scale , it 's easy to approximate their distribution , but their exact locations are still somewhat irregular . 
  all interesting math topics arise on the boundary between really structured patterns and seemingly random patternless things . 
  if something is too structured , like the sequence of even numbers , then it 's boring , there is n't much to say about it . 
  on the other hand if something is too random , then again there is n't much to say about it either . 
  there 's a sweet spot in the middle and prime numbers are apparently there . 
   mainly rural and elderly people have them, 
  just for context , in hungary rural means non-budapest ... 
  plenty of people differentiate the two in major cities/towns too . 
  i think we should accept these kinds of regional differences more . 
  in many countries people can tell which region someone is from based on their pronunciation and they do n't just assume everyone is a stupid and uneducated peasant just because they have a different accent . 
  more about dialects , in hungarian : http://www.nyest.hu/hirek/nyelvjaras-ertek-vagy-kolonc, 
  sorry for your loss . 
  translating such things is difficult . 
  depends on how we should interpret `` if i make it '' . 
  could you provide some broader context ? 
  i understand that it 's as in `` succeed '' , but succeed in what kind of thing ? 
  some concrete thing ? 
  some small thing ? 
  or something big and vague , like daydreaming about some general life achievement , like getting rich and famous ? 
  can you give an example of a full context ? 
  i mean what would be the full sentence , `` if i make it '' then what ? 
  or what would be the question to which this is the answer ? 
  no , do n't learn from google translate , its grammar is very bad . 
  magyarora.com has stuff like this ( although not regularly updated any more as it seems ) . 
  [ short news ] ( http://magyarora.com/english/weekly.html ) . 
  there are other things in the menu to the left ( easy readings , news articles etc. ), 
   in that case , why do you consider , say , carei 's ( nagyk\u00e1roly ) or salonta 's ( nagyszalonta ) romanian occupation rightful ? 
  they took those because of the [ railway line from szatm\u00e1rn\u00e9meti to arad ] ( http://www.e-kompetencia.si/egradiva/mad_zgo/23/564153c39a54.jpg ) . 
  the problem is that they think of it as a slippery slope . 
  if they give back two towns then why not this and this and that as well ? 
  slovakia , ukraine and serbia would probably try to convince romania not to do it . 
  also , european borders have been frozen for quite a long time now . 
  the only border changes that happened in europe since wwii are the dissolution of yugoslavia , the soviet union and czechoslovakia and the reunification of germany . 
  the hungarian national day is not `` unification/revolution-related '' . 
  the main official national day is august 20 , which is the anniversary of king saint stephen 's canonization in 1083 , who was the first king of hungary . 
  it can also be seen as the celebration of the hungarian statehood , but there was no unification to speak of . 
  it 's also not about independence because hungary already existed as a principality , but it became a christian kingdom in 1000 , when stephen became the king . 
  we have some other national holidays though , which are revolution-related , march 15 for 1848 and october 23 for 1956 . 
  the `` no , no , never '' slogan is not attila j\u00f3zsef 's invention , it already appeared in 1918 . 
  ( [ hungarian source ] ( http://www.urbanlegends.hu/2010/06/a-trianon-szobol-eredne-a-nem-nem-soha/ ) ), 
  that poem was actually left out of all collections of his poems during the socialist times , because it did n't fit the socialist image of the proletarian socialist revolutionary poet that they tried to make out of him . 
  well , this would have been more ethnically fair . 
  the reasons for still taking them away from hungary were economic reasons . 
  in the north , if the slovaks did n't take that , basically their whole country would be mountainous , with almost no agriculture ( [ see satellite image ] ( http://maps.maphill.com/slovakia/maps/satellite-map/darken/darken-satellite-map-of-slovakia.jpg ) ) and no access to the danube . 
  in the east , romania got that stripe of land because there was a [ railway line ] ( http://www.e-kompetencia.si/egradiva/mad_zgo/23/564153c39a54.jpg ) going there , which is again , important for the economy and military transport . 
   a lot of old hungarian poets would be jobbik today . 
  it 's nonsense to compare it to today 's situation like that . 
  nationalism meant something very different at that time . 
  there was no revolution . 
  the ruler of hungary stayed the same guy , just the pope recognized the previous principality of hungary as a kingdom and sent a crown etc. 
  i do n't know many details about the 1947 treaty ( it was basically `` reverse all things that hitler did '' ) , i wrote about the reasons of the trianon treaty . 
  that railway , especially the northern part was quite important . 
  we learned about this in school history class too . 
  i also read a few books on the topic ( arguments presented at trianon ) and of course it 's not the only thing that mattered but it was an important component . 
  at first romania wanted to get the whole area up to the tisza river . 
  search this sub and / r/hungary . 
  from / r/zen, 
  i 'm indifferent to anhedonia . 
   noumenonimouse : there was a time when i would have taken great pleasure in your indifference , but now i 'm ah ! - pathetic . 
   pistaf : whatever . 
  your apathy does n't interest me . 
   noumenonimouse : it does n't interest me either , but there must be a drug we can take . 
  if there was no drug to take , then there would n't be a diagnosis . 
  i 'm very excited by the idea of a drug to cure my apathy . 
   pistaf : sounds like it worked . 
   noumenonimouse : i 'll sell you some . 
   pistaf : that sounds great !, 
   never mind . 
   noumenonimouse : it works instantly if it works at all . 
  i need to start collecting the money up front , just like a religion . 
   pistaf : no matter how gradually it happens , it 's done all at once . 
  it can be hard to see where any idea fits in or why it is interesting if you have n't wondered about that particular thing from that particular angle . 
  for example in programming or mathematics you may not understand why something is defined in a certain way , but someone who had to live and work without that particular feature or concept may feel an epiphany , when seeing a straight-to-the-point phrasing of something that 's been frustrating them . 
  but to someone who has n't been bothered by that thing , it may seem `` meh '' .
