   additional 100,000 refugees per year, 
  from 2017 . 
  why not now ? 
  anyway , it should be much more . 
  like 10 or 20 times more . 
  germany will receive 1 million just this year . 
  and then the us which has a lot more influence on the stability in the middle east than most european countries ( especially eastern-central europeans ) bombs everyone and their dog half a world across , while sitting safely with an ocean separating them from all the bad consequences . 
   the thing is that mentalities like that camerawoman 's does not fester out of nothing . 
  how about the mentalities like the more than 360 cases of attacks ( mostly arson ) against refugee housing places and camps * in germany * ? 
  why does n't anyone talk about that ? 
   was n't it hungary the first country to implement new laws so they can lock up and deport incoming refugees ? 
  no , it 's for illegal border crossing . 
  you can apply for asylum legally at the designated points , shown by signs . 
  if you tear down the fence and enter regardless , then you are not a refugee but a criminal . 
  also nobody talks about the fact that germany and austria refuses to create a corridor for migrants , i.e. 
  official bus and train lines from greece/serbia to germany . 
  they refuse this . 
  i repeat , they do n't allow refugees/migrants to be transported directly to germany . 
  in case it is n't clear i say it again , germany officially ** forbids ** croatia and hungary to channel the refugees/migrants towards austria and germany . 
  i hope it 's clear now . 
  what `` one article '' ? 
  i 'm hungarian , i read hungarian , german , austrian , british and american news . 
  i also watch news reports and debates on german ( ard , zdf , n-tv , n24 ) , austrian ( orf ) and hungarian ( m1 , atv , hirtv ) tv channels . 
  what `` one article '' are we talking about . 
  but please if you have some recommendations , show me some interesting stuff , i 'm open for it . 
  the problem is that the borders are fully open for everyone . 
  we do n't know who are coming . 
  many say they are syrians but there 's no way to check . 
  they do n't have their papers and it 's easy to get fake papers , too . 
  also , many of them were already safe in countries around syria and many are simply from poor countries like pakistan or african countries . 
  a war refugee has to go to the first safe country and wait there for voluntary help offers from nations around the world which then * assess * their applications . 
  we have laws for this . 
  they ca n't simply force their way into countries at their will . 
  do n't tell me that one year ago or half a year ago conditions were alright for everyone , but now they all have to flee . 
  most were already living in refugee camps , but they were very poor there and they did n't have schools etc. 
  which is terrible and more help and aid should go to those countries . 
  and worldwide all countries ( including north and south america , east asia etc. ), 
  should offer places voluntarily . 
  i 'd be happy if we hungarians also offered some places , like 2000 or 3000 . 
  in the current crisis the us has only taken 1500 syrians . 
  it 's good that they are proposing to take more ( 100,000 per year beginning from 2017 ) . 
   and one prime minister, 
  he said hungary does n't want to take economic migrants from a different cultural background seeing the results of multiculturalism in western europe ( parallel societies ) . 
  refugees are a different thing , hungary accepts refugees according to international law . 
  it will also volunteer to accept refugees from camps around syria , once the influx and the borders are controlled again . 
  the us is a land of immigrants basically . 
  it 's more of a state of mind , a land of possibilities , innovation etc. 
  it 's a place to immigrate to when you have ambition to work . 
  ok , i did n't know about the 11 million illegal immigrants . 
  but most of them are from mexico or from a european christianity-based culture ( [ percentages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illegal_immigration_to_the_united_states#present-day_countries_of_origin ) ) . 
  the cultural gap is not as large . 
  they also did n't rush into the us over a few months , breaking down fences and walking on highways . 
  how about the 360 arson attacks on refugee shelters in germany ? 
  have you even heard about this at all ? 
  or it does n't fit the black-and-white worldview ( western europe good , eastern europe bad ) so it should be ignored ? 
  most hungarians support the fence , yes . 
  but not inhumane treatment . 
  those who are eligible must get asylum , there are legal points to apply for it . 
  but whether we take economic migrants is hungary 's decision . 
  i know . 
  it was an analogy , to * imagine * as if that happened . 
  just like hungary has no border with turkey , lebanon , syria , iraq , afghanistan , eritrea etc. 
  american tv show . 
   can we can we can we [ are you a monster ] can we ? 
  i find it insulting that you need to ask this . 
  i never defended the camerawoman . 
  quite the opposite . 
  by the way she was fired and there is an investigation going on against her . 
   can we agree that the right to apply for asylum is a fundamental one , anchored in many treaties eu countries have signed ? 
  i never implied otherwise . 
  most people do n't want asylum in hungary and out of those who applied many were rejected as not eligible because they came from safe neighboring countries , such as serbia . 
  they illegally crossed several safe countries to get to hungary . 
  this is not in line with any refugee treaties . 
   can we agree that no matter how many allah-akhbar-shouting welfare-leeching baby-eating democracy-bombing human garbagetrash muslislamists are among them , there are is a huge number of people displaced with legitimate right and reason to apply for asylum ? 
  sure , and shouting allahu akbar does not disqualify any persecuted person from the right for asylum . 
   can we agree that fundamental rights are not just for times when they make us look all good and swanky , but actually need to be held up - strengthened even - when it 's hard ? 
   can we agree that `` innocent until proven guilty '' is one of the very few tenets that truly sets apart civilization from barbarism , more than a pristinely white lavatory ever will ? 
   can we further agree that this tenet belongs into the `` uphold even if it 's hard '' category ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  i do n't see your point . 
   can we agree that it 's our - the eu countries - job to figure out how ? 
  i do n't think it 's the job of the eu countries specifically , i think the whole democratic world should try to find the best response . 
  we should have debates about it . 
  debates about our handling of the middle eastern conflicts , for example . 
  interventionism vs isolationism . 
  many call for a more potent eu foreign policy , but out fragmentation does n't let us move as a unified independent force , we are usually just crawling in the shadow of the us . 
  i do n't think we can solve humanity 's big problems by inviting people living in really terrible conditions to all come to europe . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  there are too many of them for it to work . 
  we can take a few million , it 's a drop in the ocean , but it strokes our moral feelings for sure . 
  we should give more humanitarian aid for improving the conditions in turkey , lebanon , jordan etc. 
  to have schools for all children there . 
  to have medical care . 
  it 's also a lot cheaper to do this there than to do it in europe . 
  but yes , we have to offer places for refugees in europe , too . 
  but it has to work in a systematic , orderly way of each country offering a certain number each year , letting people in middle eastern refugee camps to apply , then assessing their cases and then flying them to the respective country . 
  the current mass illegal migration and crowds forcing their way through and into countries is chaos and has to stop . 
  law must rule . 
  i 'm not sure whether you know it , but currently the borders are like non-existent . 
  ten thousand people are coming in daily .
