  but maybe he only decided that he 'll stay in budapest because he was under the immediate impression of a great night so he got enthusiastic about staying in budapest , but when this enthusiasm for one great festival night wears off , he may decide more rationally and say that he wo n't really stay in budapest . 
  the language of worldwide communication was already english . 
  and russian was never `` the second language '' of the country . 
  there was mandatory russian language education in school , but it 's not like there were russian language signs out there . 
  what does it mean that it was `` the second language of hungary '' ? 
  it was not a second * official * language for sure , because hungary only had hungarian as an official language . 
  i 'd also be surprised if it had been the most spoken foreign language among hungarians ( yeah , people had russian classes in school , but most did n't actually learn the language ) . 
  the soviet union did n't really push the use of russian very strongly in hungary . 
  there was this mandatory russian education in school , but it did n't produce much results , students did n't care , teachers did n't care ( they themselves did n't really know the language well either ) . 
  there was zero motivation , useless teaching techniques , just some boring sentences about comrade lenin and grammar tables . 
  other than that , russian did n't have a role in everyday life . 
  there was n't much russian-language media available . 
  no tv , radio , people did n't read russian books . 
  it really does n't deserve being called `` the second language '' . 
  that 's nice !, 
  but it may be a a bit difficult because such articles presume knowledge of hungarian public life , who is who , who said what before etc. 
  they are n't self-contained . 
   i reconstruct each sentence in english, 
  this is probably necessary in the beginning , but try to do this less and less and try to understand the meaning directly from the hungarian sentence instead of having to form a proper english sentence . 
  do n't bounce back and forth between hungarian and english . 
  translating the roots of words is fine , but since hungarian and english sentences have very different structure , it would make you very slow if you always mentally transformed the whole sentence to english . 
  it 's often very difficult . 
  so as long as you feel like you understand the meaning , try to resist the urge to fully translate it . 
  good luck !, 
  they are a from 2003-2004 so not the latest news , but it 's something . 
   explains why my dads old street , every house has dogs and fences . 
  that 's simply the default in hungary ( and most of europe afaik ) . 
  we always build fences , we like to be clear about what area is whose and to separate ourselves from the neighbors , from the sidewalk etc. 
  and the dogs are pets ( and of course also for protection , but not all dogs that people have are really capable of protecting the property and people still own dogs in safe places too , simply because they like dogs ) . 
  for us the fenceless houses in american movies are totally weird , it 's like a person in public without clothes , a window without curtains or like not locking your front door . 
  it looks simply crazy . 
  to tell whether people are scared of burglars , look for bars on windows . 
   t\u00e9lap\u00f3 literally is father christmas, 
  no , it 's `` literally '' winter ( grand ) father . 
  the commies actually simply replaced the name of mikul\u00e1s with t\u00e9lap\u00f3 because mikul\u00e1s ( st. nicholas ) was a bishop , so he did n't fit the anti-religious ideology of the communists . 
  but even while he was called t\u00e9lap\u00f3 , he never brought christmas presents in hungary . 
  it was still december 6th . 
  the songs like `` t\u00e9lap\u00f3 itt van , h\u00f3 a sub\u00e1ja ... '' and `` hull a pelyhes feh\u00e9r h\u00f3 , j\u00f6jj el kedves t\u00e9lap\u00f3 '' were all written in this era and people sang them on dec 6 . 
  in hungarian we make a distinction and call [ this specific lit-up building ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/river_beatrice_%28ship%2c_2007%29_005.jpg ) ( finished in 1905 ) the royal palace in buda castle ( budav\u00e1ri kir\u00e1lyi palota ) , while the whole [ walled area ] ( http://www2.budavar.hu/container/images/terkepek/varnegyed.jpg ) is called the buda castle district ( budai v\u00e1rnegyed ) . 
  simply saying buda castle is somewhat ambiguous , but usually includes ( or emphasizes ) the [ fortified aspects ] ( http://egykor.hu/images/2010/original/budapest-i-kerulet-budai-var-buzogany-torony-.jpg ) as well , especially in historical use , when it still had more such bastions and towers and walls etc. 
  that have been destroyed since . 
  can you give me the gps coords or the number of the road or something ? 
  going by my driving knowledge from hungary , it seems that the car pulled out illegally , going through that diagonally striped area . 
  if the uk is anything similar to hungary in road markings , then they were not allowed to turn right from there . 
  it also looks like the us has a very strong texting culture . 
  i mean , why do n't you just call them if you have some important information to share ? 
  all modern cars have builtin bluetooth phone connection so you can talk handsfree . 
  it 's perhaps also a factor that americans usually drive cars with automatic transmission so one hand is more free than in countries where almost everyone drives a manual car . 
  at least where i live ( hungary ) i do n't see many people on their phones . 
  and on the freeway it seems pretty much impossible as you need to constantly overtake the trucks and get back to let the faster cars pass ( also our freeways are not as wide as the american ones , mostly two lanes , rarely three , so it 's more stressful and requiring attention ) . 
  many many towns and villages in the majority hungarian populated region have been renamed after slovak heroes , poets , politicians . 
  and mixed marriages and assimilation . 
  for example in mixed marriages , but even with two hungarian parents sometimes they do n't send the children to hungarian-speaking kindergarten and school , because it 's seen as less advantageous for later life and career . 
  so the national identity becomes less prominent . 
  in europe , we learn the handbrake hill start method in our driver 's education . 
  it 's quite simple and there 's zero rollback . 
  you hold the car in place with the handbrake , rev the engine to a certain point , release the clutch and when you feel that the car would move forward and only the handbrake holds it back ( you see the front of the car rise up a bit ) , then you release the handbrake , add some more gas and off you go . 
   and most of western europe, 
  i think it 's so in all of europe . 
  ( for example my native hungary ), 
   i suppose many americans think of manual transmissions as harder to drive , or intimidating somehow . 
  i think it 's a pretty good filter . 
  it 's probably good if those who feel intimidated by it do n't drive . 
  it 's good if driving looks somewhat complicated , because this way there are many people who rightly feel they would n't be good at it . 
  but i understand that the us is different because things are spread out and there 's no good public transport and gas is cheap and so on , so almost everyone needs to drive so it has to be simple . 
   you need to pass a written test to get your permit, 
  and if i understand it right , that permit allows you to drive a normal car in traffic ( with a parent etc. ) . 
  around here , learners are only allowed in traffic with a licensed driving instructor in specially modified cars with a big sign on top and with extra mirrors and pedals so that the instructor can see stuff and can brake or give gas if necessary . 
  it 's not just germany , it 's practically all of europe . 
  yeah , it 's actually not so simple at first . 
  we stall the engine a lot before getting the hang of it . 
  it 's difficult enough that there are some newer cars that have some hill start assistance built in , but in my experience it 's confusing and it 's difficult to know what 's going on in the background , like is it really activated , how long will it hold the car , do i have to press the brake pedal now , how do i cancel it , etc. 
  ( but i only used such a car a few times , so probably i could learn it with more practice ) . 
  but anyway , around here driving is considered a moderately difficult thing , so it 's just accepted that it takes time and practice to learn it . 
  and the people who are scared off this way should probably not really drive anyway . 
  i know that in the us it 's not so simple because people need to drive since there 's no good alternative and things are spread out . 
  also our cities , like budapest where i live , are quite a lot more complicated to navigate than the usual american cities with broad roads and broad lanes , with predictable grid structures . 
  and i know many people ( including several in the family ) who do n't drive because they do n't feel like they would be able to do all these things in parallel and pay enough attention to the signs and the traffic and which lane goes where and so on . 
  i think if they lived in the us , probably they would drive . 
  you do n't need to say anything ( other than a `` j\u00f3 napot k\u00edv\u00e1nok '' ) . 
  you write the address on the postcard and hand it to the person working at the post office and that 's it . 
  they 'll tell you how much to pay . 
  the whole driving license procedure is very similar across europe ( or at least across the eu , but i think it was already like this before we joined too ) . 
  it 's expensive and difficult ( well , relatively , meaning that it 's not uncommon to fail once or even twice ) . 
  you also need to put the letter in the envelope . 
   romance, 
  you mean italic . 
  romance is a subbranch of that . 
  what 's so dangerous about bridges ? 
  assuming there 's enough space on the side so you would n't disturb traffic . 
  is it about the danger of falling off the brigde , the bridge collapsing from an earthquake or from resonances from wind or something like that ? 
  for example ? 
  so it 's more about the small available width of the road , like in a tunnel , not really about the bridge being a bridge ( a construct raised above a valley or river ) . 
  `` ha '' normally means `` if '' , here it 's more like `` when '' . 
  have you ever visited hungary ? 
  if not , you should if you can afford it ( you did n't say where you live ) . 
  it should n't be this `` mythical '' place in your imagination , come and get a feel for it yourself . 
  anyways , you should read up on the history of the country ( wikipedia has an okay summary ) , our national celebrations , cuisine etc. 
  listen to some hungarian songs . 
  these are n't too hard to find using google .
