  but i do agree he does n't go all the way and has this sort of `` we can go against our biological nature '' which to me is an absurd notion . 
  clearly , if we go against x then it 's part of our biological nature that compels us to do so . 
  [ here 's a good debate about this , where i agree more with steven rose ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcegqkzmqim ) . 
  this is math and computer science . 
  of course one can discuss its philosophical foundations or philosophical significance , but this itself is n't philosophy . 
  you 're right , i have n't seen that . 
  it 's aimed at a philosopher audience so it 's relevant . 
  i see it in this form on the site ( i did n't read through the whole thing ) :, 
   it is aimed at a non-mathematical audience ( in particular , students of philosophy and computer science ) , but is completely rigorous . 
  i was surprised that they pair up students of philosophy and computer science in this way . 
  i 'd say they have a largely different background , experience , outlook and viewpoint on things . 
  i 'm not exactly sure how you can tailor something to both at the same time . 
  yeah i did n't mean it as a call for deletion . 
  i guess as a computer scientist i just meant ... something childish like `` logic is n't philosophy anymore , do n't claim our turf '' which i concede is a pretty silly way of thinking . 
  i guess i 've read too many `` x vs. philosophy '' threads . 
  i actually welcome that philosophers are interested in this stuff as it often clearly and succintly captures ideas that take pages and chapters of vague analogies and hints in normal , free-text philosophical writings . 
  a better question to ask : would society collectively get mad at me if they knew what i 'm doing ? 
  other people agree that they want me to pay taxes . 
  other people do n't , in general , disapprove me being a taxi driver . 
  would they get mad at me if i killed mr. x ? 
  depends on who mr. x is and what he 's done . 
  basically , morality is a self-imposed simulated outside check , imagining how society would see that action . 
  or perhaps not even society , but those who hold the power . 
  by the way , in several countries this means that mild tax evasion is seen as moral , because it 's not shunned by society as a whole . 
  but this does n't explain what things society disapproves of unanimously . 
  for this the main principle is that the rules should be simple and people should be handled in an exchangable manner . 
  if one is allowed to become a taxi driver then another is , too . 
  well , except if they are blind . 
  but the main idea is that the rules should n't be personalized and fitted for certain groups . 
  or at least it should seem plausible enough that the rules are n't tailored for any specific interests . 
  now if we accept this basic principle , then the rules for tax evasion can not be that `` everyone pays taxes except me '' , because this makes an artificial exception for me , which other people obviously wo n't accept , so again if i imagine how they 'd react , i can conclude that this is a bad rule to follow . 
  now if i 'm clever ( and/or powerful ) enough , i can probably come up with some principle , by which i do n't have to pay as much taxes as most people , but at the same time making it look like some reasonable criterion . 
  this happens all the time . 
  powerful people get exemptions all the time , based on made up criteria that are semi-obviously tailored specifically to them and were n't derived from general principles . 
  there are no easy answers . 
  you have to be careful , you have to see when you 're being exploited , you have to stand up for your interests and you have to pay attention when people propose any moral or legal rule , whether they made it up so it specifically benefits them ( or some people behind them ) . 
  anyways , in practice , people pay taxes because otherwise the tax authority fines them . 
  we do n't like the tax authority when it fines us , but we like it when it fines others and we realize we ca n't have one without the other because that would make the rules too arbitrary and unagreeable for all . 
  you 'll have to take everything with a grain of salt , in any topic involving ethnicity and nationality in this region . 
  this is the flag of sz\u00e9kely land , which is a hungarian-populated region in eastern transylvania , which used to belong to hungary but is now part of romania . 
  the sz\u00e9kely people ( about 600,000 people ) are basically an ethnic sub-group of the hungarians with their own regional identity . 
  they are trying to achieve regional autonomy ( something similar for example to south tyrol in italy ) within romania . 
  they used to be autonomous during the time they belonged to hungary ( and at some points within an independent transylvania ) and they also had a form of autonomy within romania for a short time some decades ago . 
  romania 's response is that the country is considered a homogeneous romanian nation state by the constitution , so regional autonomy based on ethnicity is unconstitutional . 
  they also refer to the region as `` the so-called sz\u00e9kely land '' and ban the use of the sz\u00e9kely flag and singing the sz\u00e9kely anthem ( just [ one recent source in hungarian ] ( http://foter.ro/cikk/20160224_betiltanak_a_szekely_himnuszt_es_zaszlot ) ) . 
  as a response to such bans , the sz\u00e9kely flag is now displayed on the hungarian parliament building as a sign of solidarity and support of hungary towards the sz\u00e9kely . 
  fortunately , there is a national consensus ( at least among the political parties ) to support the sz\u00e9kely autonomy initiative . 
  there was a [ great march of the sz\u00e9kelys ] ( http://budapesttimes.hu/2013/11/06/tho%c2%adusands-march-for-szekler-autonomy/ ) in 2013 with more than a hundred thousand peaceful demonstrators for sz\u00e9kely autonomy , supported by the hungarian parties in romania and all major parties of hungary ( including governing conservative fidesz , the socialist mszp , the nationalist jobbik , the liberal together 2014 and the eco-green lmp ) . 
  but especially on the internet and especially in hungary , almost everything is pushed into a party politics shit-throwing contest , so many people will just channel their hatred of fidesz into this topic as well , and because fidesz put the flag there , they 'll hate the flag and the idea of sz\u00e9kely autonomy as well . 
  but they are a minority . 
  this attitude is not really productive . 
  simply labeling people with opposing views ignorant is usually a sign of missing something , especially with a question that 's widely considered `` paradoxical '' . 
  i mean , yeah , there are many cases where ignorant people are the loudest and sometimes fringe theorists or pseudoscientists are simply ignorant and there 's nothing more to it . 
  sure . 
  but still , in philosophy , the problem usually boils down to a different conceptualization of the problem , in this case , perhaps a different idea of what probability should even mean in such edge cases . 
  ask yourself : what could make the 1/3 people think that way ? 
   `` what is the probability that the coin landed heads , given that you are awake ? '', 
  this is a question of conditional probability . 
  the question * is * about conditional probability , implicitly . 
  that 's what makes it interesting . 
  when you ask someone what their subjective probability for x is , it means what is the probability conditioned on every piece of information that the person has ever received . 
  given that they have two hands , given that the wall is white , given that their hair is brown , given that they were bitten by that dog when they were 9 years old , given that grass is green and yes , given that they are awake . 
  i 'm not going to write an essay on this now , i 'm merely suggesting that there might be some interesting stuff there if you dig deeper . 
  i 'm also not a thirder , nor a halfer . 
  i think , just like all good paradoxical edge cases , this gives us the opportunity to clarify concepts , and depending on how we fill in some blanks , we can end up with different answers . 
  but the answer does n't really matter . 
  what matters is that we uncover an interesting terrain of thought , perhaps clear some confusions . 
  the end result is rarely `` it 's x and those who say y are idiots '' . 
  blue and gold checking in . 
  i can not see how the blue part can be seen as white , when it 's very blue . 
  you can see some black and white dress on the very left side of the image . 
  that 's white . 
  especially if you look at the color tiles , you can see that it 's very blue . 
  as for the gold , it 's especially the top part that looks gold , it looks like the left side of the top part is in a shadow and the right side is shining in its true gold color ( as it seems to me ) . 
  ( i 'm aware that the dress is blue and black in reality ), 
  this is n't just about probability theory . 
  the unusual thing here is that your answer will be used multiple times in certain cases . 
  no need for sleep and perception here . 
  if we discard those frills , we can reformulate the story like this :, 
  we give you the following script in advance , so you know what will happen . 
  * coin toss, 
  * we ask you to name a probability p for it being heads . 
  to motivate honesty , we make a properly adjusted bet based on p , and we record your answer on video . 
  * then we look at the coin . 
  if the coin was heads , we 'll play your answer twice and do the bet exchange both times . 
  if it turns out to be tails , we 'll play it only once and we do the exchange once . 
  now , basically when you answer , you have to consider the head possibility with double weight compared to the tail possibility , because the exchange happens twice if it 's heads . 
  but just because you strategically know that you 'll win more money if you answer this , does n't mean that `` it really is the probability '' . 
  or does it ? 
  what does it mean that it 's the probability ? 
  see how this is n't a probability theory question . 
  probability theory is math , it has axioms and theorems . 
  here the question is philosophical : what are we asking when we ask `` what is the probability of heads '' ? 
  i 'm leaning towards the answer that the probability is 1/2 , you 're simply motivated to act as if it was 1/3 . 
  for example , if someone says ,, 
  * here 's a fair die . 
  i 'll roll it once , but first you 'll make a guess whether it will turn up 6 or not , with the following conditions . 
  if the die turns up 6 and you guessed correctly , then you get a million dollars . 
  if it turns up not 6 , and you guessed correctly then you win one dollar . 
  now , what is your guess ?
