  i meant that it 's a decent mixture of all social classes there . 
  middle school and university students eating lunch , poor old people drinking their fr\u00f6ccs , homeless-looking people collecting bottles , well-dressed middle-aged businessmen ( sometimes in suits ) , etc. 
  laughing joyful people , bitter people , kind people , cold people . 
  it 's really an odd mixture . 
  ncore is an invitation-based but free-of-charge site . 
  anything related to `` buying membership '' there is either a scam or something that can get you banned from the site . 
  i think the other answer is imprecise . 
  my take :, 
  dear uncle jen\u0151 ,, 
  we can not imagine again why you do n't write us . 
  we have already sent you two letters and you have n't answered to either . 
  i 'm asking you kindly , as soon as you get this card , write us immediately . 
  by the way , how are you ? 
  we are fine , which we wish wholeheartedly [ to you ] . 
  write . 
  write . 
  kisses from the whole family . 
  on the side it 's the `` from '' address . 
  there 's also a youtube live stream . 
  you may need something like proxtube if it 's blocked from your location . 
  it depends very heavily on the particular university and faculty . 
  in some engineering faculties there is basically zero sexuality due to the low number of girls . 
  in others it varies too . 
  i do n't have a high opinion about it . 
  i think many senior organizer guys misuse their `` authority '' to influence young impressionable girls from small towns and peer pressure + alcohol makes them do things they will soon regret . 
  not always of course and it 's a pretty subjective topic . 
  some would say it 's just adults having harmless consensual fun time . 
  nevertheless there have been some cases in the news lately about rape in these camps . 
  but again it varies extremely strongly between universities and even particular years i guess . 
  about the games , it 's like wet t-shirts , licking whipped cream off the stomach or breasts of a girl , going around naked with only your hands covering yourself , you get the idea . 
  but as i said in some cases there is nothing of this stuff at all , in some cases it 's mild , there is no universal answer . 
  i think it would be hard to obtain statistics of where they play what due to the sensitive nature of the whole thing . 
  some photos do leak to the internet , however , so these things definitely happen . 
  this is probably the best solution . 
  still it does n't flow very nicely . 
  i think a genuine hungarian saying would be rather direct , saying something like `` whenever you open a book you learn something '' . 
  this twisted negated way is not really idiomatic . 
  but quotations should be kept as they are . 
  a crude translation ( with my remarks in { } ) :, 
   i received your letter and i could n't believe that you thought of writing . 
  well , it 's { ... } here . 
  i do n't know what to do with those poor children . 
  mityu { nickname of mikl\u00f3s , i guess } is already in 6th grade in high school , he studies well and it was not worth to spend all that money on him and now it makes no sense . 
  i just want to go somewhere because of the children , so that i can create some existence for the poor children . 
   you write you will send affidavit . 
  up till now it 's just a promise , if it arrived i could hope to crawl out of here somehow . 
  i would n't mind if i could settle down somewhere in south america . 
  my husband is a butcher and tradesman but i would prefer if we could buy a farm somewhere , we know how to work , we can and want to work . 
   you write that i should try selling everything . 
  how could i get to such a thought , as it may still be 2 years till { ... } and what are we going to eat till then ? 
  that can wait till the last moment . 
  i 'd just need to know how much we need for travel costs , how many ship tickets we need !, 
  mikl\u00f3s was born here on 7 may 1929 , m\u00e1rta 3 { ... } 1924 , b\u00f6ske and judit 19 nov 1929 , { ... } 12 sept 1895 , my husband 2 nov 1890 . 
  i already took m\u00e1rta out of school and the two little ones go to school here . 
  mikl\u00f3s goes to { school } in eperjes and what will happen till september is a question mark { i.e. 
  unknown } . 
  if jews wo n't be allowed to go to school , then mityu will work here at home as a carter { or wagoner } , till something happens . 
  i would n't mind it in canada , africa , argentina , uruguay , cuba , australia , anywhere we can just live and have peace . 
   i do n't know what is to come . 
  whether jews will be able to live in europe . 
  my husband has a brother in chicago . 
  but i do n't know the exact address . 
  if we were already there , you would n't have to worry that we are a burden to you . 
  because we would even clean toilets just to have our livelihood . 
  is burstyn still alive ? 
  how are uncle templer and his family ? 
  and k 's children ? 
  ask around about everything and write me in details how it would be { ... } if we were already there . 
  whether { ... } mikl\u00f3s ' studies . 
  i always planned that he will study to be a doctor because he studies well and then he would go to a foreign country . 
  but unfortunately the tables have turned and jews are not admitted to the university . 
  i hear that they will drive out the jews , well i do n't know if it 's true . 
  if true , i do n't know where we 'll go . 
  i can not start selling things under any circumstances . 
  god knows , when it will be our turn . 
  look around as i wrote , where we could somehow exist . 
  you all three could send something , father { ... } does n't even have a tombstone . 
  for mama i had something made , but for dad i am unable to . 
  the children are bigger , more is needed and there is no income . 
  we are struggling in that woeful village . 
  if only god gave that i could leave here and somewhere else we could maybe { ... } . 
  here in europe , jews wo n't be able to live . 
  foreigners send affidavit to the { ... } so they can move out from here . 
  ask about everything and write me immediately . 
  do n't make me wait so long for the response as i waited 5 months . 
   i 've written enough , { ... } respond immediately, 
   respect and kisses to all of you, 
   my whole family, 
   your loving sister ,, 
   margit, 
  transcript ( with some original misspellings ) :, 
   margit, 
  those flags are not really accurate . 
  the one for felvid\u00e9k uses the flag of a football team , the one for erd\u00e9ly ( transylvania ) uses the flag of sz\u00e9kely land ( only a part of transylvania ) and the flag for vajdas\u00e1g ( vojvodina ) is an old flag from 1996-2000 , not the current one . 
  i do n't think the `` 299 rules '' are relevant here . 
  orthography is not the same as knowing the language . 
  most ( 95 % + ) hungarians ca n't write absolutely perfectly according to those rules , but they still speak hungarian perfectly . 
  because language and writing are not the same , despite what our old-fashioned , prescriptive education tells us in hungary . 
  ` hat ' and ` h\u00e1t ' sound definitely different . 
  i thought english speakers usually confuse ` a ' and ` o ' , not ` a ' and ' \u00e1 ' .
