  you did n't have to wait 5-10 years for a car any more ( that could turn out to be different in the end because the one you ordered was not available any more/still ) . 
  yeah , but there 's a difference in what counts as `` good meat for a special occasion '' in communist hungary vs today 's us . 
  if you remember where the keys are in the us layout ( i.e. 
  you can blind-type ) then you can use whatever physical keyboard and just switch the layout in software . 
  probably you know this , but just in case . 
   festsd, 
  fesd, 
  read hungarian literature , read about hungarian history and immerse yourself in the culture . 
  i do n't think there 's any other way to convey such a vague thing . 
  a proper answer itself would have to be a piece of literature and i 'm no poet or writer . 
  that website is written by a non-native and thus has many errors ( some have been corrected over the years ) . 
  i once wrote him about it , listing quite a few errors ( i could n't even finish listing them , at that time there was at least one error on almost every page ) but he got quite defensive about it ( like he has so much positive feedback from learners so it ca n't be that bad etc. ) . 
  i ca n't recommend the site too much . 
  wiktionary has conjugation tables and grammar appendices and is edited by natives mostly . 
  maybe you are n't reading the letters correctly if it 's in fancy old handwriting . 
  can you post a scanned image of it ? 
  [ here is a list of settlements in zempl\u00e9n county of the kingdom of hungary . 
  have you tried searching ( reddit , google , tripadvisor etc. ) ? 
  what did you find ? 
  obviously it 's the trucker 's fault , but around 10-11 seconds a defensive would have noticed that the truck is crossing into their lane and would have immediately checked whether it 's safe to go to the lane on the right and do so if possible and/or slow down to let the truck pass . 
  these are dangerous vehicles and it 's never good to be in a car vs truck accident , even if the truck driver is a moron who 's at fault . 
  that 's just an automatic response and says they will contact you by email after processing your mail and if you have other questions you can contact them at the listed contacts ( phone , mail , personally , website ) . 
  when i 'm in a small car and he 's in a huge truck , i 'd just move out of the way . 
  perhaps that 's bad in the big picture view of things , but i 'd rather `` encourage him '' than get hit . 
  trying to teach people lessons on the road is a bad idea in general . 
  these morons wo n't really learn . 
  or at least you have to be in the bigger vehicle for it to make any sense . 
   so basically , yes , they 're interchangeable . 
  in imperative sentences only `` se '' is correct . 
  here `` sem '' would be incorrect . 
  otherwise they are interchangeable , but `` sem '' is a bit more `` elegant '' or `` formal-ish '' . 
  in spoken language `` se '' is used more . 
   but craving for cash seemed very unconventional to me, 
  paying it on the spot is 8000 ( cash ) , paying it within 2 days personally is also 8000 ( cash or card ) , paying it within 30 days at a post office is 16000 ( cash ) . 
  so the lower price definitely exists and that itself was n't corruption . 
  what do you consider a big city ? 
  you can only do that at the central bkk office . 
  once he gives you the fine document , you can go there ( about 20 minutes walk from keleti ) and pay it with cash or card . 
  or pay 16000 within 30 days . 
  he should have mentioned all the options . 
  there have been some stories about malicious ticket inspectors , so i do n't rule out that he tried to fine your friend without a reason , but it 's not really sure that he wanted to pocket the money . 
  i 'm glad we do n't have this in my country ( hungary ) . 
  exactly . 
  it 's more about what is socially acceptable to think/say . 
  practice is a totally other matter . 
  it would be interesting to see how many swedes really live next to people of other races . 
  hey , good question !, 
  foreign names are always said and written in the western order . 
  only hungarian names are said and written in the `` reversed '' order . 
  so no ~ ~ obama barack ~ ~ or ~ ~ merkel angela ~ ~ . 
  back in the 19th century they often translated names to hungarian , but then the given name was also translated , like jules verne -  verne gyula , etc. 
  but nowadays this is n't done any more except as an attempt at humor . 
  yep . 
  i think most people do n't even know that names are `` reversed '' there as well . 
   have you ever asked a hungarian for her opinions about the orban regime ? 
  orban 's party ( fidesz ) was elected to a 2/3 majority in parliament in two consecutive elections and it 's still by far the most popular party in hungary ( about twice as popular as the next ) . 
  additionally , about 70 % of people support the governments migration policies . 
  probably someone added that zero later as a joke ... 
  if you miss 270 days you basically never went to school whole year . 
  no way that you 'd advance to second grade . 
  it 's 27 , i think . 
  yes it definitely is ( '' \u00f3r\u00e1k '' ) !, 
   1 interchange, 
  no , it 's unlimited :, 
  `` during the period of validity , transfer ** s ** are allowed only between the metro lines ( m1 , m2 , m3 and m4 ) . '', 
  it 's actually the other way around . 
  the h in `` hungary '' was added by in medieval french scholars . 
  they took a word that is `` oungroi '' in greek , and assumed they should write it with a silent `` h '' in the beginning , because `` surely '' they are related to the huns . 
  western europeans could hardly differentiate between all the nomadic horse-people pillaging their lands , naming these peoples was always a mess . 
  hungarians were also simply called turks sometimes in byzantium . 
  but that does n't mean anything , simply that the writers were ignorant . 
  in many european languages the word for `` hungary '' and `` hungarian '' still does n't begin with an h. see `` ungarn '' , `` wegry '' , `` unkari '' etc. 
  exactly . 
  my parents and kindergarden teachers also burned this into my brain . 
  look left , look right , back to left , then if clear go and keep turning your head left and right once or twice while walking across . 
  never run . 
  once you started crossing , do n't stop in the middle , do n't change your mind about crossing . 
  do n't cross street crossings diagonally . 
  drivers are crazy and do n't expect you . 
  if you 're scared or unsure , cars are too fast or you ca n't see the traffic well enough , do n't cross . 
  walk to a safer spot with traffic lights or a pedestrian crossing . 
  if other kids cross the street against these rules , you still should n't and you should rather wait till clear , then be proud that you were smarter . 
  and in driving school : kids are crazy and if you see one on the sidewalk , be extra careful because they might instantaneously get an idea and jump on the street without looking . 
  i was also taught to be extremely careful at bus and tram stops because people ( not just kids ) will jump out from behind or in front of the bus or tram ( even though we do n't have school buses nor such stop rules in my country ) . 
  anyway , i do n't blame the kids so much , rather the parents for not teaching them such basic things . 
  kids have an instinctive fear/repulsion from several things like heights , wild animals , darkness , perhaps insects , rotten food etc. , but the danger of traffic is so modern that we have to teach them to be careful around it . 
  they have no inbuilt instinct . 
  humor is hard to explain , but it 's about his tone of voice and that talking about liking milk and chocolate milk sounds child-like but he 's a grown man . 
  there is n't too much more to it . 
  you should almost treat them as totally separate verbs that are derived from the base verb , not as a sort of regular grammatical transformation . 
  i 'm not sure if you speak german , but if you do : the `` zahlen / bezahlen '' distinction etc. 
  is also kinda murky there ( or you ca n't really deduce what `` erfinded '' ( invent ) means from `` finden '' ( find ) ) . 
  we can tell you what kind of `` flavor '' meg - has , but it 's not just a lego element with a clear and consistent meaning , it depends case by case . 
  besides the completedness ( perfectiveness ) it also has an instantaneous meaning . 
  it makes the verb mean a `` point event '' , an event whose internal structure is n't important or it does n't have one ( because it actually happens in just one moment ) . 
  for example : l\u00e1t ( see ) - megl\u00e1t ( catch sight of ) . 
  the second describes a sudden occurrence that happens in a single moment . 
  in many cases you ca n't even explain what the difference would be in a given sentence , because often only one or the other sounds acceptable . 
  if you take off the meg - , you also have to reorganize the emphasis ( word order ) etc. 
  you will need to get a feel for it , i 'm afraid , it 's not something that can be condensed into a few rules .
