  so anyway . 
  it shows a problem with the naive notion of rigid , pure , rule-based deductions . 
  the point is , how do you justify that premise a and b are enough for you to say `` yeah , triangle '' ? 
  there 's no written rule that would tell you to conclude this . 
  one example can be computer systems for deductions , software that can store a list of statements and derive/prove new ones . 
  in this software we may have a chunk of program code , corresponding to the modus ponens , which looks for pairs of statements of the form `` a '' and `` if a then b '' and then introduces `` b '' to the list of statements . 
  but notice how the list of statements never included `` if a and ( if a then b ) then b '' . 
  this `` knowledge '' is encoded in the software itself , it is not encoded in the * list * . 
  so there is an external `` mover '' of logic , that sets the vehicle of deduction in motion . 
  and this `` mover '' can also be * wrong * . 
  there are software bugs for example . 
  so to me , it has a similar `` take-home-message '' to g\u00f6del 's theorems , in that we rely on something external to our neat little `` garden of truths '' , our walled in area is not self-reliant , things do n't just work by themselves . 
  it 's another piece in the puzzle against the positivist and progress-oriented ideas that goodness and truth kindof actively tries to come forth on its own . 
  rather , it shows how there 's no free lunch , what you get out is never more than what you put in , at least in terms of certainty . 
  for example you ca n't have a perfect reasoning machine , or at least you ca n't know that you have one , because the perfectness of its outputs depends on its construction plans/blueprints and its programming being perfect . 
  note that i mean philosophical perfectness , not just `` pretty good '' . 
  we can have pretty good things and we already do . 
  but real life is messy , noisy , it has occasional contradictions etc. 
  if this does n't resonate with you at all , it can mean i was either unclear , or i 'm wrong , or you just have n't worked with this sort of thing enough for it to be a concern/interest to you . 
  edit : what i said in many words , op said as `` you ca n't expect to ground logic in logic , at some point intuition has to come into play '' , although i do n't like to mention `` intuition '' much , because it makes things seem wooey mysterious and esoteric . 
  what is the sample size here ? 
  how many villages and how many shops have you seen like this ( and compared across seasons ) ? 
  there is , in many central/eastern european countries , a common belief/myth ( ? ), 
  that cold drinks can make you sick and have sore throat . 
  people generally do n't like ice cubes and cold beverages , especially when it 's cold outside . 
  it may not be because they are explicitly `` afraid '' of it , it 's just a kind of tradition you see growing up . 
  perhaps more so in villages where things are n't as globalized/americanized as in bigger cities . 
  also , girl in belly-revealing clothes ? 
  you 'll wo n't be able to have children !, 
  sitting on a cold bench ? 
  you 'll get bladder infection !, 
  ( i 'm a man . ), 
  sometimes you have vague feelings . 
  like feeling that something 's not right in a relationship , you may feel `` inadequate '' at your career or something like that . 
  then by talking about it to someone , you may stumble upon a phrasing , formulation or angle of viewing your general `` something 's wrong '' feeling so that you now know what needs to be changed . 
  if you know programming , it 's similar to the `` rubber duck method '' of debugging , where you talk to a rubber duck about the bug you 're seeing in your program , explain to it how the system works and how you know something doens ' t work right , how you imagine it should be etc. 
  and through much verbalization ( where you ca n't accidentally skip things , you have to formulate full sentences and present a convining case to the duck ) , it can click . 
  this is one interpretation of these things . 
  but by `` emotion processing '' some women simply mean getting comfort , validation and care , which makes the bad feelings directly go away . 
  for many people , there needs to be an ongoing emotional connection , that needs to be reinforced regularly . 
  it 's similar to monkeys grooming each other . 
  some women just want emotional closeness and intimacy and voice and intonation carries a lot of emotion , so it often does n't even matter what you say , it 's more about how you react , that you project a safe and understanding image to her which itself contributes to solving her emotional issues . 
  talking is not just about exchanging true statements about reality . 
  also , some people have a richer inner life of emotions , like having a kind of dictionary of different kinds of emotions they usually feel , similarly to recognizing and classifying the colors that you see . 
  for me it took quite long to realize the nature of certain emotions , because they did n't happen regularly enough , so i just perceived them as if i 'm just perceiving reality . 
  i do n't mean anger/sadness/happiness but more complex emotions , like being hopeful/optimistic , `` in the zone '' , or a particular kind of lonely , or being afraid of potential humiliation , positive/negative excitement , having great success , feeling respect , love etc. 
  these things have a distinct real character to them , and mostly the first time you feel it , it 's unfamiliar and you just `` believe it '' , so to speak . 
  for example there 's a difference between being aware of being afraid vs. interpreting the situation simply as `` something dangerous is going on '' . 
  this sort of realization and distinction is important for anger management too , to recognize when you 're irrationally angry and that guy in the car in front of you may not be as much a `` fucking dumbass '' as your raging mind tells you . 
  so once you decouple your emotions and reality , and do n't automatically follow what you 'd instinctively/impulsively do , you need to dig deeper to understand if you 're feeling some false alarm or if there 's a reason for concern and how that might be solved . 
  we do n't all work the same way . 
  what may seem like bottling up to you , may be legitimately alright to them . 
  not everyone is verbal by default . 
  for some people it 's a chore and a struggle to craft sentences . 
  others just have to open their mouth and let their constant inner stream of monologue out , like freeing a bird from its cage . 
  but again , we 're not all like that . 
  some people just like to sit in comforting silence with friends and it 's not sad , it 's a genuinely comforting thing to them and they do n't feel like they withhold something , they are just in their natural state . 
  it 's part of empathy to realize and accept that we all work differently . 
  part of it is - however cliche it may sound - that women do n't want to disfigure themselves and do n't want to leave a big mess . 
  overdosing seems like just `` going to sleep '' in comparison . 
  i heard the opposite . 
  men tend to rationally lay out a plan , obtain a gun , learn to make a strong knot to hang themselves etc. 
  they do n't want to take risks , they want to do it effectively . 
  by comparison , women act out of immediate desperation and usually reach for `` simple '' methods , like swallowing pills that do n't need much effort . 
  this is why , paradoxically , giving medication to someone who is severely depressed/suicidal can make things worse . 
  it gives that little burst of energy , the lack of which kept them from actually completing a suicide , with all that hassle , planning etc. 
  this is why they like to keep such people under medical supervision till they get over this time period . 
  * current year *, 
  do the irish celebrate king st. stephen 's day with fireworks ? 
  st. patrick 's day is an irish celebration , so many people do n't even know about its existence . 
  although in the last few years the hipster-ish people are trying to ape it , because it 's obscure and originates in the rich west . 
  but anyway , there are irish pubs and there are expats , so you 'll definitely find people who will celebrate it . 
  yeah , sorry , but it 's a bit weird that people always ask about watching american football , about valentine 's day , st. patrick 's day , where to buy american stuff etc. 
  not sure how not to sound condescending when pointing out basic things , like having different celebrations and generally different things in different countries . 
  the good thing about visiting other countries is to see what they do there . 
  if you want to do the same stuff as at home , then why travel ? 
  i really do n't like these kinds of survey . 
  they come across as very elitist and patronizing . 
  it assumes that people answering the survey will just have an opinion one way or the other , because they are simple creatures , but we ( the complex , brainy philosopher ) see how it 's not a simple question to decide and we intelligently scratch our beards over it . 
  you know , probably everyone who hears this question understands that it 's a weird case and whatever they answer , depends on how they interpret the question . 
  also , this is largely a linguistic issue . 
  in many languages there is no exact word for `` ought '' or `` should '' . 
  for example in hungarian , we have `` kell '' , meaning something like `` to be required '' , `` to be necessary '' , but it does n't perfectly map to the english usage . 
  in hungarian we 'd say `` kellene '' in this case , which is the conditional mood , meaning something like `` would ought to '' . 
  or we could insist that she `` must '' , and she must use some alternative methods . 
  for example by calling a taxi . 
  as a non-philosopher , it quite annoys me , how this stuff is sold as some meaningful intellectual endeavor * or even as research * when it 's just word games . 
  people fully understand the concept that someone was tasked with something and they now are n't able to do it , either because of an accident or sabotage . 
  whether you still use the word `` ought '' or not , it does n't matter . 
  there is nothing more to say about the situation than that she had a responsibility that she now can not fulfil , by her own fault/not her own fault . 
  `` the video is mine to the full extent . 
  it 's the sound and image that i recorded myself . 
  i ca n't even understand the accusation . 
  the video was on my channel first . 
  the person making the claim must be an ill-wisher . '', 
  basically `` standard , classic statistics '' ( frequentist methods ) are about calculating likelihoods of the form p ( observation | hypothesis ) and making decisions based on such values . 
  bayesian statistics aims at computing p ( hypothesis | observation ) , so if you take frequentism as the default , then you need to use bayes ' theorem to get the bayesian result . 
  by the way , he was called thomas bayes , not baye . 
  novices often get confused about `` bayesianism '' because the terminology is definitely not made easy to understand by the professionals . 
  afaik , the following are all different things :,
