  why not two ? 
  if two why not three ? 
  i think i ate quite a lot of fatty stuff , now i should be able to drink a shot as well and be fine soon , etc. 
  johnny could drive after 4 beers , why are you such a pussy peter , you are taking away from the fun of the party !, 
  0 is a natural limit . 
  anything else is up for debate , theoretical calculations . 
  it 's really simple . 
  drink or drive . 
  if you ca n't keep this rule , how will you keep other rules ? 
  like `` i clearly saw there was nobody coming , why stop at red lights then ? '', 
  or `` i just needed five minutes to grab something from the store , why is it such a big deal that i blocked half the road parking illegally ? '', 
  when you 're driving you 're not alone and you ca n't just think about your own pleasure and convenience . 
   a driver who might have stopped at a single beer otherwise could justify continued drinking with the idea , `` in for a penny , in for a pound . '', 
  the fine also increases with your blood alcohol level . 
  for example in hungary 0.05 % is the threshold for a criminal offence , which is a more serious thing ( before that it 's a smaller legal category ) : you lose your license for at least a year , you pay a fine of about a thousand dollars , and if you want to drive again , you have to take a new theoretical and practical driving course , a psychological assessment , you have to take exams and you have to go to medical ( psychological ) checkups . 
  all this on your cost of course . 
  the severity of the punishments depend on the blood alcohol level . 
  why ? 
  i think by default western europe is more liberal and lets the individual decide whether they want to act responsibly or not . 
  the indefinite form is used if the object is :, 
  * none , missing, 
  * indefinite ( e.g. 
  has indefinite article ), 
  * first person ( me/us ), 
  * second person ( informal you , singular/plural ), 
  definite form is used if the object is :, 
  * definite ( e.g. 
  has definite article ), 
  * third person ( him/her/it / them ), 
  and since pronouns can be omitted if they are n't emphasized , `` szeretn\u00e9l '' can mean both `` you would love me '' or `` you would love '' . 
  of course this can lead to confusion , for example `` szeret '' can mean `` he/she loves '' , `` he/she loves you '' or `` he/she loves me '' depending on the context . 
  and if the context makes it clear , we usually omit the explicit `` you '' or `` me '' ( t\u00e9ged / engem ) . 
  in hungarian , commas separate clauses and items of lists , they ** are n't ** used to mark pauses . 
  there is no pause in the pronunciation of this sentence . 
  it 's continuous `` otth\u00e1tulaza ... '', 
  the english phenomenon is called `` fronting '' and a comma is used in english , i guess , because it breaks the usual strict word order of english when you move things around , but in hungarian it 's usual to move things around so as long as it 's part of the same clause there 's no comma ( even * if * there was a pause in pronunciation ) . 
  it 's a bit long ( 5 dense pages ) to translate for free , i think . 
  it 's probably going to be easier and faster if you pay a professional translator , you can do it simply online , submitting the text and getting it back in english by email or similar . 
  it should cost around 70 $ ( or about the same $ ) . 
   i also personally think it 's a terrible clickbait site, 
  it 's become a lot worse in recent years . 
  it 's trying to balance between being a serious news source and buzzfeed . 
  actually it 's always been a snarky , sarcastic site but it was lovable and humorous before the big social media etc. 
  transformation . 
  now it 's full of memes , crappy blog posts , clickbait , more sensationalism , less journalism etc. 
  what was once cute and likable has become very in-your-face and annoying . 
  a more extreme version is their `` spinoff '' , 444 . hu , which sometimes has good content , but is mostly garbage and clickbait with superficial shock stories and shitstorms in the comment sections . 
  any tips for respectable news sources with real journalists who think and analyze and do n't just copy stuff off buzzfeed ? 
  even news sources that i previously considered reputable and serious , like cnn , are becoming utter rubbish , both online and on tv . 
  our short attention span and multitasking is transforming these things in the wrong direction . 
  i know it sounds like grandpa talking , but i can notice a definite drop in quality . 
   i would require 50 answers per country in order for the results to be representative, 
  redditors are n't representative in political views , age , job , gender , etc. 
  you 'll have considerable selection bias . 
  and you wo n't even know because you did n't ask any questions such as gender/age etc. 
  most surveys ask for at least such basic personal data to assess selection bias to a certain degree . 
  i do n't think that data collected in this way is actually indicative of much . 
  although it 's probably not really the objective in an ma thesis . 
  is holiday gift a euphemism for christmas gift ? 
  why are people afraid of the word christmas ? 
  especially because people who come to country subs are probably quite interested in news and politics ( since much of the material is news ) and like voicing their opinions ( in any country ) . 
  those who fear the government spying and repercussions ( in any country ) are n't likely to be reached by these means . 
  and even if they are , ** how on earth would someone who fears the government fill out a form in which he speaks out against the government ? ** . 
  getting a representative sample is often done on the phone ( since most people have one ) or on the streets . 
  also , the second filter is the self-selection when people decide to fill out the form after they have seen it . 
  why will someone fill it ? 
  probably because they have strong opinions , feelings , have enough free time/energy , probably even more `` active '' than the average redditor who 's already more active than the average hungarian . 
  also redditors can ( and are willing in their free time to voluntarily ) read english , which is again not typical . 
  it 's a huge methodological fail , but if the point of the thesis is to demonstrate the use of some tools on arbitrary data , it may not be a problem . 
  but especially on facebook i see lots of ba/ma theses based on surveys with horrible , horrible methodological problems rendering their research total garbage , utterly meaningless , throwaway toilet paper , really . 
  sorry to be harsh but that 's the case . 
  but usually people do n't mind this . 
  even the writer himself often answers `` ah it does n't matter i just want to get it done and submit it , nobody takes it seriously anyways '' . 
  so it comes from a sort of resignatory cynicism and pessimism that actual useful research is not really possible , and we must resort to pretending ... 
  you can also search this sub for past questions asking the same thing . 
  maybe the mods should make a sticky thread about what to do to in budapest as the exact same question pops up very often and hence only gets a few answers each , instead of having all of it at one place . 
  but maybe that 's just the nature of reddit . 
   your expenses and the meal price will depend on what you consider economic and acceptable, 
  this is the most important point . 
  people have widely differing uses of the word rich and economic . 
  for some people you need to have golden rolex watches and ferraris to be rich , for some people you are already rich if you can just travel for fun and have dinner in inner city restaurants . 
  i find it pretty artificial . 
  in my opinion , name it as it is or skip it altogether . 
  hanukkah has also been artificially pumped up from a relatively small holiday to a larger one basically so that jewish kids do n't envy the ( cultural ) christian kids . 
  i just see it as another commercial method to make more and more people buy useless shit for each other and consume more garbage , transforming chrismas to this formless empty `` holiday '' for which people will trample each other in stores on black friday etc. 
  do n't they realize that every time they protest against things like this , they are just making the right-wing 's case even stronger , like `` see , the us and the jews are always pestering us and do n't let us do the way we wish '' . 
  it 's a pattern that has now repeated so many times that it just annoys most people . 
  this statue , that statue , this guy 's fascist , that one 's a nazi , and orb\u00e1n is a dictator and all this . 
  it 's getting boring . 
  they can indeed speak out , i simply said i find it boring as this news pattern becomes so frequent . 
  `` us says fidesz is antisemitic and authoritarian '' - * yawn * . 
  actively commenting `` i do n't care about this '' is always somewhat paradoxical so i 'll just remain silent . 
  sorry to be negative , but a few seconds of video from budapest with a guy doing nothing in particular just walking around . 
  so what ? 
  i can see you 've spammed this to 16 subs , but i do n't see the point . 
  there is no story , no message , just a guy in random cities livin ' the good life , drinking beer etc. 
  what 's the point ? 
  maybe op means the kingdom of hungary ( ~ greater hungary ) . 
   eat rich foods and drink good-but-cheap wine ; hike beautiful mountains ; have sex with beautiful women ; talk about radical , mystical , and beautiful ideas ; play and listen to innovative music ; and generally make friends who do not have iphones , who do not go to sleep before midnight , and who do not accept any authority greater than themselves . 
  you probably want to live in wonderland .
