at least in germany , this is not entirely true . 
  there are quite a lot of discussions since months . 
  it was a huge runner from the early 80s till mid/late 90s . 
  nowadays it 's essentially in suspended animation with the press writing it into the bottom whenever it was brought . 
  yes , it is . 
  all my vietnamese colleagues were called nguyen . 
  same with chinese last names . 
  it is much worse than with schmidt and m\u00fcller in germany . 
  pretty much the same sentiment among russians in germany ( except those with volga german or jewish descent ) . 
  we have a whole borough in berlin called `` charlottengrad '' . 
  the mindset of many russians there is ... astonishing . 
  i am a german native speaker . 
  i do n't like german very much . 
  except for reading stefan zweig or lion feuchtwanger . 
  so maybe i have other prejudices . 
  and then there is english . 
  i lived in amerika in my childhood . 
  i have an american accent . 
  i like america * a lot * . 
  but is it my favourite language ? 
  not really . 
  and then there is russia . 
  i do n't like russia . 
  to be precise , i do not like the political system , the machismo of today 's russia . 
  but the language !, 
  so sweet and tender . 
  the way russian people talk . 
  ( apart from `` mat '' !!! ), 
  i am still struggling with it . 
  but someday i will at least be able to understand it !, 
  edit : typos, 
  it 's not only this . 
  you need the right environment to pursue science . 
  the right networks , inspiring people . 
  simply sitting in a room and thinking only works for very few people and not even all of the time . 
  there are only very few opportunities to do good science , much less than permanent positions , imho . 
  so after your phd you got to make a decision . 
  listen to your guts . 
  but seeing your charm , i know quite a few bulgarian theorists . 
  they were quite glad to come over to germany and go into industry . 
  but ... waffles ?!, 
  ... and * lothar von trotha * received an * pour le merite * for his involvement . 
  well , it was a huge topic during my last year in high school ( german gymnasium ) . 
  and perhaps the most challenging course of all during my time in school ( thank you , mrs. 
  i am glad to hear the news . 
  very glad indeed ... edit : typos, 
  i do n't really know . 
  interestingly enough , he is such a wacko , he denies being antisemitic , even admires jews `` for their intelligence and resilience '' . 
  ( although one can claim that this is antisemitic in a wider sense . ), 
  this weekend i 'll see one of my uncles again . 
  a nutjob , who claims that our german `` personalausweise '' ( id cards ) enslave us and chancellor helmut kohl was a jew taking orders from the jewish-american comitee ... 
   it 's like most germans think that looking into the side mirrors before changing lanes is optional , not to mention that the changing lane light is only used after the lane change it seems . 
  these two are afaik the most common misdemeanors german drivers make according to official and inofficial sources . 
  well , i 'm not telling you something remarkably new . 
  maybe it is difficult to compare britain to germany , because democratization in britain set in much earlier , back in the days of the glorious revolution . 
  it was not a form of democracy which involved peasants , but the king had to share it 's power with the lower nobility . 
  democratization in germany started only in the late 19th century . 
  ( though even in the late german empire around 1900 the * reichstag * had fiscal power ! ), 
  i have to admit , this discussion is getting beyond my current capacities . 
  but i hope i was able to give you some breadcrumps to begin with . 
  i did n't really want to set a specific date , since it was a continual process . 
  maybe one could also say it was the eighties , or even the time of rule of the social democratic party under willy brandt ( early seventies ) . 
  but i had an discussion with a daughter of a former nazi and later highly influencial conservative politician in mind . 
  it was a totally unplanned conversation which happened in a train in 2007 ( or was it ' 08 ? ), 
  when we started talking about the obama-autobiography she held in her hand . 
  long story short : the old patriarchs had allegedly * a lot * of political influence until they deceased which was , well , somewhere in the 90s . 
  same holds of course for the whole society . 
  what i have written is certainly arguable , but it has stayed in my mind . 
  sure , my remark was out of topic . 
  however , may i modify it : the whole world war forced the two german nations into different directions , but the old authoritarian thinking was still there for a very long time , probably way into the 90s . 
  so , no , a war was not enough . 
  and the same will apply for russia . 
  this is a sentiment i 've got after having several discussions with people from the war era , ordinary and upper class people . 
  was it granted that germany go down a path towards a more liberal society ? 
  i am not so sure ... 
  hah , the authoritarian tendencies are still there , even today , but they are tamed . 
  germany still is a quite conservative society . 
  it takes more than just a few decades to change that . 
  most germans i know who went for the us love it there , in spite of having doubts at first . 
  germany is much more conservative , but in a strangely different way . 
  ( not in the sense of sexual morality , church , or so , but in the way people think . ), 
  germans take the large public universities of munich , berlin , g\u00f6ttingen , heidelberg and declare them as the ` average ' german university and compare them to the ` average ' american college . 
  which is quite unfair since they are already among the best german unis . 
  at least that is my impression . 
  lived on both continents and you all are basically right . 
  however , you 'll never get rid of ignorant people . 
  'cause europeans are whiny cowards and ` muricans dumb , soulless conquerers . 
  something which is unique for germany is that the universities here are largely administered by the research staff itself in order to save money . 
  as a result , most professors are lost between undergraduate teaching and administration . 
  the happiest researchers are the directors of the non-university max-planck-institutes . 
  no teaching obligation , only research and quite stable funding . 
  the russian version of [ winnie pooh ] ( https://youtu.be/sqdieup6s4e ) !, 
  puh , it depends really ( as you know , of course . ), 
  a few decades ago , most of the advanced laboratory equiptment came from the us . 
  now it is mostly germany ( my german language skills were highly demanded at that boston lab - caugh - were i did a postdoc ) . 
  silicon valley was dominated by the defence industry for many years , especially radar/microwave technology . 
  now it shifted to consumer tech . 
  who knows what the next ten years will deliver . 
  i kinda believe in a revival of the us - in a multipolar world , though . 
  let 's hope the best !,
