  behind every / u / there lies a universe of mystery ... 
  relax , as i 've read the ` yes ' answers , they seem to be meant more humorous . 
  best , some german guy who waits for his h1b . 
  to be honest , i really love the americans , but this whole workaholic stuff has worn out and has become childish . 
  well , it 's news * weak * . 
  what did you expect ? 
  i 'd believe the employers ' and business union of germany would suggest a unification with poland . 
  both countries have horrible amount of petty bourgeois thinking and employers unwilling to pay worthy salaries or invest in whatever could make the world a better place . 
  the only thing currently worth watching is * neo magazin royale * which was rather obscure until they produced [ v for varoufakis ] ( https://youtu.be/afl9wfgje0m ) . 
   germoney i like that . 
  reminds me of the case of thomas suedhof , an `` german-american '' nobel prize winner in 2013 . 
  his german citizenship was revoked a couple of years ago but only after he received his prize , german officials stepped out of their way to make him german citizen again . 
  this way they were able to call him a `` german '' nobel prize winner again . 
  in the early 2000s they slightly changed the law : as a german acquiring a foreign citizenship , you need to apply for * keeping * the german passport . 
  that 's pretty much what my russian soon-to-be-parents-in-law say . 
  they also claim that the obsession with foreign enemies was almost absent for ordinary citizens . 
  and the queen elizabeth mk . 
  iv model . 
  they were a little faulty ... 
  fair enough !, 
  shame on my german arrogance !, 
  [ you will like ` italstellar ' ] ( https://youtu.be/vgmovmnrmea ) ... 
  jokes aside , * northern * italy is fact a very advanced patch of land . 
  italian engineering professors can be found all around the world , teaching at the best universities . 
  edit : i got it , i got it !, 
  southern italy is nice too !, 
  i 'd almost written that from the beginning , but then again , my northern european arrogance seduced me ... 
  and which country are you from , lad ? 
  ( you can choose your country 's flag in the menu above . ), 
  it is really funny to read you guys/gals talking . 
  i alway thought that i am ( almost ) the only one in my neighbourhood criticizing these things . 
  and i am a stem professional . 
  here in germany you can see quite a lot russians with t-shirts saying things like ( `` in putin we trust '' ) . 
  in most of the cases they are even german citizens . 
  source : relationship with a russian/german lady , though she and her family are absolutely pro-european/american . 
  i 've read rumors that at the height of the euro crisis , the netherlands and germany planned a joint gulden/d-mark currency as a successor for the euro . 
  ` bet they 've already printed and stored it in some secret vault , just in case ... 
  at least we will have a common currency , the german-dutch-mark , as it was planned during the euro crisis . 
  ( i bet it 's been already printed but hidden in some secret vault ... ), 
  i 'd like to note that german ceo salaries exploded only 15-20 years ago , i.e. 
  much later ( ~ 20 years ) than in the us . 
  one of the arguments was that there is an international market for ceos which means that companies have to offer internationally competitive salaries . 
  however , this turns out to be untrue : social scientists have proven that there is no international market for ceos , only a market within countries and in some very few cases within cultural spheres , like the commonwealth + united states , or austria , switzerland , and germany . 
  apart from that , i do not believe that a new law will make sense . 
  the only option would be activist investors , but they are rare and they need to care . 
  or higher taxes . 
  but good luck with that , because already reach their ceiling at upper middle class incomes ( ~ 60.000 eurs ) , so you 'd piss a lot of voters off . 
  after a few seconds , i 've readily copied the link in order to disseminate the video to my friends . 
  at the end of the clip , i was glad i have n't . 
  yup , they are increasingly popular here in allemagne . 
  glory to arstotzka !, 
  this is true , although the ratio is roughly 50:50 , i believe . 
  in addition , many jews in europe and america , in spite of having been in israel at least once , consider themselves american or european , so they 'd rather stay . 
  that 's the tragedy . 
  how many jews were german patriots in wwi and were blamed right after the war ? 
  today they are largely welcomed again . 
  but can they have trust after so many painful historical lessons ? 
  ( source : i know quite a few jews . ), 
  well , the jewish community in germany is small ( ~ 100k ) , and will perhaps never play as significant a role as in the us , but they * are * among the most successful ( immigrant ) groups here ( together with , e.g. , the vietnamese ) . 
  ( ` immigrant ' because the vast majority consists of immigrants . ), 
  i guess he means additional/exclusive slots . 
  emigrating to the us is n't that easy , even for western europeans . 
  well , i 'm relatively new to investing and most of the stuff i do is very conservative . 
  but this company really was my first conscious ` bet ' , since i got more interested in economics . 
  guess this is what i 've wanted ... 
  this discussion really is a good reminder for me . 
  one of my small investments was into a german media company ( doing ads and stuff ) which just expanded into poland . 
  what if they just pass a law to severely restrict foreign media companies ? 
  theodore von k\u00e1rm\u00e1n was a famous aerodynamicist and later co-founder of the jet propulsion laboratory ( that lab which more or less runs nasas deep-space missions ) . 
  one problem in germany is the `` one size fits it all '' - mentality . 
  if you are a hard worker , there are only very few possibilities to show your abilities or your commitment . 
  and it is not appreciated that much either . 
  in my experience , at least . 
  an american friend of mine , a sociologist , once said that germans suffer from a mild form of [ tall poppy syndrome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tall_poppy_syndrome ) . 
  the downside is of course that employees in america more likely get exploited . 
  germany is a good country as long as you stay within the predefined parameters . 
  but other than that ? 
  i have no hope at all . 
  it 's mind boggling to which extent skills and ethics are ignored in favor of paper during hiring processes . 
  just took a quick glance over your last posts , and it seems like you are an american . 
  well , i lived and worked there for a few years , and sometimes i wonder how strong germany would be , if it took some of america 's flexibility . 
  well ... maybe it 's a good thing that it is n't so , hehe ... 
  this is true for nearly everyone in germany , even the `` best and brightest '' , as americans would say . 
  changing the industry even slightly ? 
  even with relevant experience and good arguments , the potential employer would almost certainly raise a brow in disbelieve . 
  i 'd even go further and say this rigidity is one of germany 's few main characteristics . 
  at least it is stronger than most places in the western world . 
  we just went bird watching on mallorca a few weeks ago . 
  ( ... * making a military salute * ... ) poor guy ... 
  yes , we observed the same at another mediterranean location . 
  but one manager , when we asked him about this , assured us that there were only 2 or 3 % russians in the hotel . 
  that was clearly not the case , so my ( russian-born ) girlfriend and i concluded that all those russian ( and ukrainian ) speakers must be living abroad as expats ( i know russians hate that word ) in western europe . 
  this is correct . 
  besides of the `` kirchensteuer '' ( = church tax ) , the churches , mainly the catholic and the protestant , receive quite huge benefits for running institutions like hospitals , retirement homes , etc. 
  this goes afaik back to napoleon , so about 200 years , as a contract to keep the churches away from meddling with politics , and is recently a new source of conflict : just this week there was news about a church-run hospital firing a doctor for marrying a second time . 
  the question is : is such an institution , * mainly funded by the state * , allowed to do this due to religious reasons ? 
  because turkey 's , or better , the ottoman empire 's collapse at this point was long overdue . 
  folkert-landau is one of the richest german citizens with about half a billion net worth ( [ ranked 358th ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_der_500_reichsten_deutschen ) ) . 
  100k shares is more symbolical as they only value about 1,2 million euros . 
  do n't know if you 're joking , but he characterized the pre-war era , before the germans entered the scene .
