exactly , they 're not refugees they 're opportunists . 
  the number of somali immigrants now is much larger than the number of somali immigrants in the 90s . 
  the same could be said of iraqi immigrants comparing now to the early insurgency . 
  their nations have been unstable for years and there 's no reason why the number of immigrants should be increasing now if they 're truly refugees . 
  the other option is that they 're not actually refugees and that they 're taking advantage of the syrian crisis to try and piggyback their way into a better standard of living ... 
  iraq 's been unstable since saddam toppled and somalia 's been unstable since the 90s . 
  any amount of money is a crazy amount to give to somebody who does n't work . 
  then i guess this sub is below a well-informed 12 year old because so far all that 's happened is people have called him racist for no reason . 
   wrong . 
  former muslims in europe are not executed of course not , i do n't think anyone here was arguing that . 
   nor are they in most muslim countries , backward as they may be . 
  [ maybe not execution , but most muslim countries do hold legal punishments . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/apostasy_laws_in_2013.svg )  you ca n't just take whatever sentence from the qur ` an , spin your interpretation , and declare it is universal . 
  the prescription of death for apostasy is mentioned multiple times throughout the quran and hadith . 
  historically , death for apostasy has been used in almost every islamic nation to exist from the beginning of the religion to the modern day . 
  he 's not spinning anything anyway , this is apart of their religion . 
   in any case , freedom of religion is a core european value , and if someone wants to follow islam it is their right . 
  of course , but if you think hundreds of thousands of wahhabists will understand this , you 're sadly mistaken . 
  he did n't call all of anyone anything . 
  he made a point of saying that a north african migrant of dubious background who 's pretending to be a refugee would be more welcomed than someone from america who 's educated and willing to integrate . 
  everyone who disagrees with you is a racist . 
  just put your fingers in your ears and start screaming , everything will be alright . 
  the vast majority of people on here are speaking english . 
  there 's no reason to reply to english posts in both english and your native language , it looks ridiculous . 
  it 's perfectly possible to have a decent time in liberia too . 
  not if you 're against plagiarism . 
  most of the world is beautiful , does n't mean the people running it are n't shitty . 
   they come from countries in which there are clearly wars going on so they are definitely refugees . 
  once these people enter a country where there is n't a war going on , they 're no longer refugees . 
  once someone from syria enters turkey , they 're in a peaceful nation with plenty of jobs . 
  if they decide ` if i move to germany or sweden , i could make more money ' they 're not a refugee fleeing war and persecution , they 're an economic immigrant looking for a better money-making situation . 
   also just because they want to live somewhere where they see a good economic future does n't mean that they are still refugees . 
  yes it does , it literally goes against the entire definition of refugee . 
  someone who 's picking and choosing their country of residence based on the economic opportunity there is n't fleeing war or persecution any longer . 
   you remain your refugee status even if you pass through other countries . 
  when they 're passing through other countries with the express purpose of going to the one they think is the richest , they 're not refugees . 
  if nobody took any we would n't have to argue with each other ... 
  because wikipedia is the only way to get information on a subject , right ? 
  the fall of the baathists was probably the greatest setback in middle east in modern history . 
  nice response . 
  i have just as much personal investment in england as i have in america . 
  it always was , is , and will be . 
   foreign immigrants wo n't become the majority , but their descendants will and they are americans . 
  yes , and this country will be a country for their descendants , instead of mine . 
  their descendants will inevitably vote in a bloc , as every ethnic minority in the us does , and they 'll vote in legislatures from their own group . 
  that means less opportunity for my descendants than there would be without immigration . 
   sovereignty is a little bit more than what you said and if the immigrants descendants are americans then in the end all this strange logic you posted crumbles down to nothing . 
  in the us , ethnic minorities vote in blocs . 
  go to south florida where hispanics are a bigger part of the population and the government is made of primarily hispanics . 
  go to any major city where blacks are a bigger part of the population and the government is made of primarily blacks . 
  i mean hell , black americans voted in record numbers for obama . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  it 's natural to want to preserve the best possible future for your children and the best possible future for my children is one where they 're not a minority in their own country . 
   immigration to the u.s. was originally from europe , mostly from germany , italy , ireland , scotland and england ( there was also forced immigration in the slave trade ) . 
  in 1790 the five biggest ethnic groups in the us were africans , english , scots-irish , germans , and scots . 
   america became independent and the founding fathers left the usa as a nation open to immigrants that wanted to do better in life , no prejudice at all . 
  no prejudice at all ? 
  i do n't think you know that much about american history . 
  when the us was founded , only landed white males could vote . 
  in 1798 founding father john adams passed the aliens and sedition act to allow him expanded powers over immigration control , primarily targeted at the french . 
  when the founding fathers created an immigrant nation , do really think they envisioned the kind of immigration we 're seeing now ? 
  ` open to immigrants ' to them meant controlled immigration from protestant northern europe . 
  obviously that 's an antiquated view now , but do n't try and justify 1 million new immigrants every year with the founding fathers . 
   does your argument mean that if an immigrant has an anglo-saxon or german ancestry then there will be no loss of sovereignty ? 
  i think you should rethink that . 
  as of 2011 the five biggest ethnic groups in america were german , african , irish , mexican , and english and i think the ethnic makeup of our immigrants should reflect that . 
  but when neither side wants to compromise , extremes are what get things done . 
  if the response was positive , people would n't be welcoming in the invaders . 
  try helping all those refugees with no money . 
  i 've been to plenty of nfl and college football games in the us quite a few football games in england and honestly it 's all just sports to me . 
  i 'm not going to either one of those to scope the crowd out for who 's for and against immigration . 
  what kind of football are you watching ? 
  yeah and everyone watching it is hoping maybe they 'll catch a glimpse of a politically charged banner . 
  they 're certainly not watching it for the game . 
  because everyone knows that a football game is the perfect place to get out an informed message to a reasonable and attentive crowd . 
  you 're the person who does n't seem to grasp the idea of entertainment media ... 
  so what , you think every single person in europe should always be thinking about ways that they can save refugees all the time ? 
  you guys should take in more refugees and ban tourists , i 'm sure it 'll be great for the economy !, 
  it 's absolutely a loss of sovereignty . 
  sovereignty is the ability of a nation , a group of people , to govern themselves . 
  we in the west live under democracy , where the majority decides . 
  if foreign immigrants become the majority of the nation , the native people of that nation no longer have control over their country . 
  donald trump set a record by polling at 40 % in the republican primary . 
  he got there by bashing immigration . 
  that should be proof enough that there are plenty of americans who are n't exactly happy with the current immigration policy . 
  now , what would happen if every year , over 1 million people from europe and america moved to africa to ` work jobs that nobody else there wants to . ', 
  meanwhile , unemployment is still a very real problem for the native peoples , especially the youths . 
  europeans and americans continued immigrating there to the point that they would become the majority within a few decades . 
  we would n't call that immigration , we 'd call it an invasion , colonialism , or something worse . 
  immigration is n't bad and it definitely has it 's place in this world . 
  however , when we 're letting in foreign peoples to the point that it 's hurting our own countrymen , immigration has lost its value . 
   i consistently referred to refugees from syria and iraq who were displaced through the middle eastern collapse of stability . 
  do n't pull out the straw man . 
  you 're talking about millions of people like it 's nothing . 
  it 's neither economically nor culturally feasible to shelter all of these people . 
  if you want to destroy your nation saving millions of people who hate you , that 's fine . 
  do n't drag the wrest of the continent into your crap . 
   last time i checked the us is a representative democracy so your government does represent and executes the will of the electorate . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  i 'm sure you think the democratic people 's republic of korea is a shining example of democracy too , right ?
