  we 're talking about the impact of gay pride parades on the neighborhoods they happen in . 
  [ using the us as an example , 96.6 % of the population is straight and only 1.6 % are gay . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2014/07/15/what-percentage-of-the-u-s-population-is-gay-lesbian-or-bisexual/ ) the neighborhoods that these parades happen in are more than likely going to reflect a similar demographic . 
  it really does n't matter what gay people think about pride parades , since we 're talking about the people in neighborhoods they happen in . 
  people like you are destroying europe . 
  it does n't matter what your goal is , it matters what you 're actually doing . 
  do you really think when straight people see a gay pride parade , they 're thinking ` wow those gays are showing that despite the prevailing view of society they 're not ashamed to celebrate diversity and demonstrate their right to exist openly without persecution ' ? 
  religious pluralism is allowing the different beliefs in a society to coexist equally . 
  if you want to convert everyone in society to your belief , you are not a pluralist . 
  the current system is n't pluralistic , but neither are you . 
  koreans should n't care whether other people think they 're racist . 
  what people think and what is true are two different things . 
  racism is the belief that one race is genetically superior to another . 
  wanting a homogeneous society with a preserved culture does n't have anything to do with that . 
  if you want another religious groups ' children to convert to your religion , you 're not exactly a pluralist ... 
  there 's a difference between presenting someone with objective information to allow them to decide for themselves and trying to convert someone , especially someone else 's child . 
  if the poster said we should be trying to convert their children to mormonism or scientology , i 'm sure you 'd have something completely different to say about it . 
   because what it accomplishes , is that muslims yet again feel like people are screwing with them , driving them further away from integration . 
  screwing with them ? 
  forcing them to accept gay people as human-beings is screwing with them ? 
  are you even reading what you 're writing ? 
  this is what integration is . 
  they either accept our values , or they get out . 
  they 're never going to integrate if we keep saying ` oh it 's okay if you do n't think gays are humans , oh it 's okay if you do n't think women should drive , oh it 's okay if you want to stone people for apostasy . ', 
  we need to confront these problems or they 're going to keep getting worse . 
   i 'm sure muslims would at least care less about it if it was an actual lgbt group doing this . 
  they do n't care . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's a gay fascist or a gay socialist or hell , a gay muslim . 
  they hate gay people . 
  they think gay people are abominations that should be stoned . 
  the fact that you think this matters shows how little you actually understand the issue here . 
  who cares why they 're doing it , that does n't matter . 
  all that matters is what it accomplishes . 
  by doing this , they 're bringing to light all of the problems that are plaguing the muslim immigrant communities . 
  these are things we ca n't just ignore and whether you like it or not we have to talk about it , otherwise it 's just going to get worse . 
  trying to actively convert people to your religion is n't exactly forcing an issue . 
  the whole point of gay pride parades is to spite people , to shock them into accepting you . 
  they 're saying ` i 'm here , i 'm queer , get used to it . ', 
  muslims are n't special and they should n't be given special rights . 
  if they want to come to a modern , secular nation , they have to act like they want to live in a modern , secular nation . 
  it happened organically in most of europe . 
  it 's kind of funny though , the nations in eastern europe where secularism was forced happen to be the most religious populations on the continent . 
  so you 're saying that conditions in italy for migrants are worse than conditions in sub-saharan africa right now ? 
  if only it was that easy to leave . 
   that their woes will only be continued and indeed worsened i do n't see how that would happen though , i mean most of these types of parties stand for everything that the current order does n't . 
  they 're the only ones willing to speak up against failed policies and that 's why they 're getting so popular . 
  if it was just more of the same , they would n't be getting so popular . 
  because these are the only parties that actually care about europeans and you 're only going to see them get more powerful as more people realize that the mainstream parties are screwing them over for profits . 
  they 're not specters of the past , they 're the births of the future . 
  without going to far into detail , the general thinking behind monarchism is that with a monarch you get rulers who are trained from birth to rule their nation justly , while under democracy you usually just get the best speakers , liars , and schmoozers ( politicians ) ruling the nation . 
  he 's not a terrorist to serbians . 
  a lot of serbians see him as freedom fighter of national pride . 
  it 's the same reason why you 'll see a statue of horatio nelson in london but a statue of napoleon in france . 
  i do n't think you understand how stupid 10 million rapes sounds . 
  to give you perspective , there were 4 million axis troops on the eastern front . 
  this is n't 4 million wehrmacht soldiers , this is n't even 4 million germans , this is a count of every axis soldier there , including hungarians , romanians , slovaks , italians , and german paramilitary units such as the ss . 
  in order for there to be 10 million rapes , every single axis soldier on the eastern front would have to rape on average 2.5 women . 
  do you understand how stupid you sound ? 
  [ the origin of the actual 10 million figure can be found in a rather dubious article published in connection with the heavily criticized german wehrmacht exhibition , and was calculated by assuming 1 million children born in the occupied part of the soviet union as the result of sexual intercourse with a german soldier , and a 10 % chance of pregnancy/birth from rapes . 
  ] ( http://www.gegenwind.info/122/vergewaltigung.html ) and mind you on that 1 million birth estimate , contemporary estimates from german authorities speak about appr . 
  1-2000 newborn children in the baltics and up to 10,000 in the reichskommissariat ukraine who had a german father . 
  until 1944 , just 500 children had been registered in the entire reichskommissariat ostland . 
  so the entire 10 million estimate is complete bullshit . 
   what makes you think they are not in europe temporarily ? 
  those countries are poorer and the vast majority of immigrants from north africa are just that , immigrants who do n't plan on moving back . 
   maybe they will come back to their country in 10 years . 
  or , because they are highly skilled they could move to silicon valley or singapore . 
  then they 're expats . 
  but this is n't the case for most moroccans and tunisians . 
  most of them are in europe to make a new life , ie immigrants . 
   expat implies racial difference no it does n't . 
  i do n't think anybody else in the world uses expats and immigrants the way you 're trying to . 
  people call arabs in europe immigrants because most of them are immigrants . 
  nobody is saying that all of them are immigrants and that there are no north african expats . 
  where do you think the english wikipedia go their information ? 
  you think in 1945 wikipedia asked the soviets if they could go through eastern europe and record in depth how much rape there was and who did it ? 
  no , the only people who were able to record such information were the soviets , and we know how well they are at telling a straight , unbiased history . 
  the germans committed plenty of atrocities and no doubt raped plenty of innocent women , but 10 million is just ridiculous . 
   you 're still left with many immigrants that you ca n't just remove from here , so you have to deal with that issue . 
  why ca n't we just remove them ? 
   the us has n't leaked anything like this since the cold war that we know of . 
  i mean would it surprise you if the us gov was doing something like this ? 
  why not ? 
  most populist european parties are pro-russia , it 's in america 's best interest to keep the current order in power in europe . 
  welcome to the future of 1917 , comrade , where yours is mine and mine is mine !, 
   sorry , but we are still talking about headscarfs and similar clothing , right ? 
  what ? 
  why would n't we be ? 
   in which way is that a symbol of extremism or wahhabism ? 
  the parts of the world where woman are forced to wear these things are the parts of the world that pour hundreds of millions of dollars into things like isis and al-shabaab . 
  they 're practically synonymous with each other . 
  atat\u00fcrk realized this when he banned them and he created the best chance the middle east had for secularism . 
  until we realized this too we 're never going to get anywhere . 
   oh and turkish immigrants in germany yeah , they 're jumping ship while erdogan sends turkey back 200 years . 
   other muslim immigrants in europe have reached the 21st century very well , no reason for you to get overly scared . 
  yeah , that 's why so many european countries are having problems with muslims joining isis . 
  they 're just so progressive and peaceful , that 's why islamic extremism is on the rise in europe . 
   and if you want to continue this discussion please make a concrete point , this political scaremongering does n't lead anywhere . 
  if you 're not smart enough to follow what i 'm saying then i do n't think we have any business talking . 
   so long as that ideology is n't tyrannical and governing over you , it would look just fine .
