  i mean it 's a democratic people 's republic , it must represent and execute the will of the people !, 
  how naive can you be ...  and i do n't care where you live or pretend to live . 
  you enter this sub spewing your bullshit about losing sovereignty and birth rates with an us flair . 
  your the answer to questions nobody asked , so get lost . 
  with a flair like ` united states of freedom ' you can bet i 'm a huge fan of the us . 
  certainly not any irony there at all . 
  when people say germans are bad at humor , they 're not kidding . 
  go ahead , take in millions of peoples from other foreign lands , see where that gets you . 
  the celts controlled all of europe before the great migration of the germans , now they 're relegated to ireland . 
  the basques are supposed to be the remnants of the pre-indo-european inhabitants of europe , now all they 've got is northeastern spain . 
  demographics are king and they determine the longterm future of humanity . 
  if we continue to let other people into our borders , other people are going to control our nations . 
  when immigrant births are slowly beginning to outpace native births , you might as well be giving up your sovereignty . 
  not all of these immigrants are refugees or war and even then , europe ca n't be expected to take in every refugee from every disparate country all over the world . 
  and whether the us is helping or not is completely irrelevant to this conversation . 
  i 'm not an agent of the us government , hell you do n't even know if i currently live in the us . 
  just because my native government is unhelpful means nothing to me , and it means nothing to the people of the us . 
  the idea that the government accurately represents the populace is absurd . 
  it 's all the same , we do n't need to give up our sovereignty to help people in need . 
  good , maybe we 'll finally be able to dissolve this unholy once and for all . 
  there 's a difference between selflessness and altruism . 
  you would n't donate every cent you ever made to the homeless would you ? 
  we can aid the 3rd world without giving up our sovereignty . 
  if a single nation in the world was to disappear , which one would make the biggest impact in the world ? 
  it sure as hell would n't be australia . 
  someone from a country as irrelevant as australia trying to shit talk the most powerful , most important country in the world ? 
  hahahaha go back to farming kiwis buddy, 
  hol \u00b7 o \u00b7 caust \u02c8h\u00e4l\u0259\u02cck\u00f4st , \u02c8h\u014dl\u0259\u02cck\u00f4st / noun noun : holocaust ; plural noun : holocausts 1 . destruction or slaughter on a mass scale , especially caused by fire or nuclear war . 
  `` a nuclear holocaust '' synonyms : cataclysm , disaster , catastrophe ; more, 
  no , there are immigrants because of the current pathological altruism that 's infected most western nations . 
  a couple of decades ago we did n't see nearly the migration we 're seeing nowadays because we were n't willing to take them . 
  people are coming over on boats illegally because they know that we 're too concerned about treating them ` right ' to send them back to where they came . 
  look at abbott 's policy on illegal migration in australia as an example . 
  and you think a migrant holocaust would n't have the same , if not even larger effect ? 
   in a democracy there is not basis for enforcing arbitrary cultural practices . 
  there 's as much a basis as we make there one . 
  there 's no reason we ca n't impose things like headscarf bans or limits on minarets and prayer calls . 
   especially not if that contradicts human rights . 
  you keep talking about rationality , but here you 're talking about human rights , which are completely irrational . 
  they 're not based on any kind of economic or military statistics , they 're based entirely on emotions . 
  there 's no rational reason why nike should treat factory workers in asia the same way it treats workers in america . 
  in fact , if they can get away with treating those asian workers like shit for more profit , rationally they should disregard those workers ' human rights . 
  the same goes for an african warlord mowing down a rival tribe 's village or a dictator opening fire on peaceful protestors . 
  we do n't stand against these things because they 're rational , we do it because we find them morally repugnant . 
  you ca n't rationalize morality . 
  i suppose i 'm rambling , but i just think it 's funny that you seem to place a high value on human rights , yet you also value rationality . 
   i 'm not sure why you brought that up . 
  you probably replied to the wrong post or something . 
  you said the people should be allowed to do whatever they want as long as they follow the law , which made me assume you were one of those anarcho-libertarian types that thinks open immigration is fine as long as those people do n't break any laws . 
   people should be free to live their lives as they wish and think what they wish , as long as they adhere to the law . 
  there 's no rational basis to deny them that . 
  this is sort of a self-fulfilling statement though . 
  you 're arguing that we should let people do whatever they want as long as they follow the law . 
  well if we change the law to support a policy of immigrant assimilation , them not assimilating would be breaking the law . 
  nonetheless , i 'm assuming that what you 're really saying here is that there 's no rational basis for wanting a culturally homogeneous nation . 
  if that 's what you 're saying , i 'm sad to say that you 're wrong . 
  [ looking at a list of nations by ethnic and cultural diversity , the more diverse nations generally have much lower gdps . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_ranked_by_ethnic_and_cultural_diversity_level ) obviously a graph of diversity vs gdp would n't be a trend and there 's a lot more at play then just diversity , but the top of the list generally has more peaceful and prosperous countries like those in europe and east asia , while the bottom of the list is populated by poorer 3rd world nations where the post-colonial borders were created arbitrarily . 
  ethnic and cultural diversity on a societal level at it 's best leads to political gridlock and minority discrimination , like in the us , and at it 's worse leads to sectarian violence and genocide , like in central africa . 
  the idea of a world without borders , where we can all sing kumbaya in peace is a noble ideal , but it 's just that ; an ideal . 
  people want to do things their way and are sometimes willing to do a lot to impose it . 
  15 , 20 years ago the idea of homegrown islamic terrorism was something for the middle east , now it 's become a very real and serious problem for europe . 
  if you think it 's going to go away by continuing mass immigration without assimilation , you 're horribly wrong . 
   religion is a tool to manipulate , abuse , and control the most vulnerable elements of a population . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it can be , but literally any set of beliefs can be used as a tool to manipulate , abuse , and control people . 
  different religions have played varying roles in societies throughout history and saying every religion ever is a malevolent tool for whoever makes you sound like an edgy teenager on / r/atheism  the apparent charity is just a tool to get the vulnerable under the control of the religious elites , as it ties their subsistence with the elite 's political goals . 
  yup , every time any religious figure has ever tried to be charitable , it 's because they 're a megalomaniacal , conniving asshole who wants more power . 
  i 'm sure there 's no genuinely good people in the world who truly believe in what they 're doing . 
  europe is the cultural home of christianity and the majority of the population is christian . 
  so apparently this sub will upvote facts . 
  i think an eu army patrolling the mediterranean would be just as effective and probably way cheaper . 
  it 's too bad that 's all we have . 
  american exceptionalism in it 's modern form is not nationalism in any sense of the word . 
  `` i do n't believe in nationalism , therefore it 's as bad as aids '', 
  permission is having the more powerful military , and europe does not have this . 
  i 'm not christian ... 
  i do n't think it really matters whether the origin country wants to take them back , i mean hell we could arbitrarily pick a country known as a large source of african migrants like somalia and eritrea and dump them there . 
  once we show that we have a zero tolerance policy towards economics immigrants from africa , they 're going to stop coming . 
  permission from who , the country they 're being sent back to ? 
  what are they going to do , ask us not to send people back ? 
  they do n't have the ability to refuse us . 
  wherever they 're originally from . 
  nobody reasonable is arguing that they 're not human , but they sure as hell are n't english or european . 
  i should n't have any obligation to help these people while my fellow countrymen are still undergoing hardships . 
  i 'm all for rescuing people from drowning , but maybe we should take them to an african port , not a european one . 
  that 's not sad , that 's something to be proud of . 
   completely out of the blue but it 's not out of the blue at all , i do n't see how you do n't understand this . 
  [ these people hate gays , they do n't see them has humans on an equal footing . 
  ] ( https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9497796/muswest_euromuslim_report_poll_en-us_11-01-10_sa_web%20%283%29.pdf ) [ i mean hell , most polls you 'll find on the subject will put around 40 % of immigrant muslims in support of sharia law zones in their home nations . 
  ] ( http://www.icmunlimited.com/pdfs/2006_february_sunday_telegraph_muslims_poll.pdf ) we should n't be afraid of ` provoking ' muslims because they have social views from the 12th century . 
  we have to start talking about this somewhere and ignoring the situation is only going to make it worse . 
  yes , the mods . 
  they want to limit the amount of discussion on immigration because most news stories about immigrants in europe are n't exactly sunshine and flowers . 
  i 'm glad we see that same way . 
  the streisand effect . 
  completely banning it would create an outrage , this just creates a dull roar and has the similar effect of banning all immigration posts . 
   somebody does have an agenda to push . 
  it 's certainly not the mods who want to limit threads on an important and contentious issue ... 
  you certainly have a weird definition of the word ` help ',
