statistics and sampling . 
  go read and learn a little a bit . 
  its expected . 
  you have to remember that a lot of akp voters are relatively lower-middle class . 
  they can appreciate the smallest of things . 
  building a new bus stop with a roof will go a long way among the akp crowd however most chp voters wouldnt really care ( its the governments job to do that anyway , they dont need a special thanks to do their job ) . 
  theres a saying in turkey `` caliyorlar ama calisiyorlar '' . 
  they steal but they work . 
  so when your local municipality is literally rebuilding youre whole neighborhood from the ground up you have a lot of people who are willing to let things like huge corruption scandals slide . 
  well i could never prove to you that they get less then they should , however looking at the development in areas where  60 % voted akp vs. areas that are chp its very easy to see that funds arent allocated fairly . 
  its not that their funds are frozen its that these areas dont get much from the yearly budget if that makes sense . 
  the area my parents live in ankara is a chp area that is relatively upper middle class . 
  however , the roads have pot holes the size of large pizzas . 
  i mean there were leaked conversations between chief of mit ( turkish cia ) stating that they can pull a false flag in order to invade syria . 
  most turks with half a brain can see past the nationalist rhetoric and see that the akp and the pkk work together . 
  because his supporters essentially see him as a prophet . 
  you cant insult the prophet, 
  they have putin style paid trolls . 
  the sort of turk that knows english , reads the nyt etc. 
  isnt the sort that would vote for the akp . 
  to be fair thats not the case at all as mentioned in the article . 
  the issue is if theyre letting out 38.000 people does that mean 38.000 people will replace them ? 
  how long would it take to try 38.000 people in which case wouldnt some that were serving their sentences be free anyway ? 
  whats the rush ? 
  or are they going to do that thing they did with the army back in 2009/2010 where theyre just going to let them rot in prison until they get a trial date which can be years down the line . 
  i do n't give a shit about the ottoman empire . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  / s are you guys serious ? 
   your real opinions about turkey and the culture sorrounding it im willing to be we share very similar opinions regarding the country . 
  did i really need to put a / s after that comment ? 
  holy shit , i thought it was obvious . 
  did the whole `` rule the whole galaxy '' thing not set off any flags ? 
  not exactly the brightest crayon are we . 
  security deposits or you end up getting rejected a few times before you actually find a place . 
  linking your profile to linkedin and facebook also tends to help . 
  have you not heard of the ottoman empire ? 
  yeh were going to use that for centuries to come , what else would our country need for us to be proud of it ? 
  technological advances ? 
  stellar human rights ? 
  equality ? 
  no need for that bullshit we used to rule the whole wide world and it wouldve been the whole galaxy had it not been for the pesky westerners ... 
  wow , uncalled for . 
  turkish officials wouldnt be seen dead in vw . 
  one of our mayors of a small turkish city , when asked why he purchased a brand new 150k eur mercedes or audi ( cant remember which exactly ) , replied with `` what am i supposed to do show up in a passat '' ? 
  weve taken after the arabs when it comes to excess . 
  nothing . 
  nothing will happen . 
  if their child wants to believe that then whatever just do n't force it onto others . 
  but if a daughter of an extremely religious family wants to have a boyfriend than allah herself ca n't save her for the shit she 's about to get from her family . 
  while you are right in the sense that children follow in their footsteps the opposite is never allowed to be the case . 
  sure the kid whos covering up because she saw her mother do it isnt forced to . 
  however , what would the outcome be if she decided not to cover up one day ? 
  take it a step further what would happen if a child told his/her religious parents that he/she is atheist . 
  would they respect their choices ? 
   i have an iranian colleague who basically disowned his home country because `` it was full of shit '' and he did n't want anything to do with `` the regime 's bullshit '' . 
  thats me right now . 
  i can understand where your colleague is coming from . 
  i dont want to be associated with this country in any shape or form and im counting down the days till i get out . 
  i cant go from a governement that wants me dead to wildlife that wants to eat me . 
  ill visit though even though no where is safe with your flying spiders and shit . 
  shit i completely forgot about those asshole koalas . 
  we 'll be fine as long as westerners can differentiate between the real secular turks and the arab turks . 
  i think thanks to erdogan and his fanatic followers making that distinction is extremely easy nowadays . 
   also our conservatives just wish they could tear gas protestors , they do n't actually do it . 
  well fuck that then , wheres the fun in that ? 
  sounds like my sort of place . 
  where do you live ? 
  edit : just saw the flag . 
  if only eu work permits were easy to get . 
  no of course not . 
  however its difficult for the other parties to come campaign in germany ( or any other country for that matter ) without the luxury of unlimited tax payer money . 
  no problem , hopefully the arab turks in germany dont cause to many problems for you guys in the future . 
  fuck leaving turkey and then going to germany . 
  i feel like that would defy the point . 
  60 % of turks there vote akp , too risky . 
  america , or rather anywhere outside of europe . 
  the further away you are from the middle east the better really . 
  the sane ones are all looking for ways to get out . 
  nope theyre all regular newspapers ( i.e. 
  no tabloids like the sun ), 
   turkey is basically one bad move from being isolated from everyone except saudi arabia . 
  which would be perfect for erdogans everyone is out to get us rhetoric . 
  even in his last speech during the conquering of istanbul celebrations he stated that the turks have no friends but the turks . 
  people are already becoming accustomed with the idea of being north korea sort of country . 
  aksam , star , yeni akit , takvim and milat are pro . 
  sozcu is anti . 
  but is in line with akp 's nationalistic views . 
  hurriyet is in the middle . 
  you totally jinxed it now . 
  exactly , thats how democracy works . 
  this sort of backwards mentality will eventually bite them in the ass but at this point i hope turkey sees rock bottom so that it doesnt make the same mistakes it did to get it to that point in the first place . 
  at this point , its every man for himself . 
  my colleagues all have decent jobs so they can afford to send their kids to private schools , go abroad for their holidays , live in the nicer neighbourhoods etc. 
  we have our own little bubble that is comfortable just enough to make you not completely lose it . 
  however , more and more people are making plans to leave . 
  colleagues who have moved abroad , friends who are starting to apply for jobs/visas etc. 
  no one really has much hope for the country in the long run . 
  yeh , this is still the case . 
  they vow to change this with the new constitution . 
  no not dershane ( after school - school if that makes sense basically extra classes .
