  im sure theres stuff im forgetting . 
  those who prefer dictatorships over democracy , who prefer going back in time instead of progressing further yes . 
  yes , they deserve the worst . 
  lets cut the `` but theyre people too :'( ( ( ( '' crap . 
  thats what got us into this mess in the first place . 
  yeh people should totally go to turkey so the tourist people who have been ripping off people for years dont cry . 
  fuck them . 
  shit even were going to greece nowadays . 
  getting ripped off by the locals is not something i look for when planning a holiday . 
  or the same people harassing my wife ... 
  wish i could consider it golden too :( . 
  i 'm from the same country as these people ... 
  because its turkey . 
  at this point its essentially a tribe with no laws . 
  yet . 
  youre not too far off . 
  they were pouring bottle of coke and fanta down the drain when they were protesting israel . 
  calling them rednecks would be an insult to rednecks . 
  \u00e7omar is literally bottom of the barrel scum , `` people '' that are just barely eligible enough to be classed as human beings . 
  especially with how much the turkish media and the government is pumping anti eu rhetoric lately europe needs to be extra careful . 
  what deals ? 
  too bad these guys arent educated enough to realize any deals the end with the eu will only hurt turkeys already fragile economy . 
  fuck them . 
  the dutch did the right thing today . 
  last time he came close to losing the pkk all of a sudden decided to bomb everywhere . 
  right now i 'm guessing the akp has asked them to stop for the time being since the referendum is coming up but i 'm sure they 'll get back to what they were doing if they lose . 
  you 're missing the point of propaganda . 
  this news is n't for you and i it 's for the inbreds back home that 'll eat this shit up . 
  it 's ok most turks would probably get the dutch flag mixed up with the french flag . 
  it 's the french that 's needs to cover their asses at this point . 
  edit : told you ... https://twitter.com/gissisim/status/840983729757655041, 
  oh fuck off with that shit . 
  there 's no place for dictatorship propaganda in civilization . 
  fuck it turkeys a lost cause anyway . 
  and all the other shit erdo\u011fan and akp has said about woman ( belongs in the home , should have 3 kids , shouldnt laugh in public , etc. 
  like the other guy said , yes and no . 
  yes they 've shut down g\u00fclen schools fired they 're academics but just like the purges going on in the government people opposing the government in general have also been purged . 
   troglodytes that would be a compliment for them . 
  the akp themselves claimed that as the education level goes up the percentage of votes they get decreases . 
  this is another one of those efforts to ensure the country stays uneducated so that they can get as much votes as possible . 
   uneducated backwater morons you underestimate the sheer number of these people . 
  especially in turkey where the average years of education a person has gone through is 7 . 
  i 'm not even a tourist and i feel that way . 
  even simple things like calling someone to fix a leaky sink or whatever in the back of my mind i always thing `` how much is he going to rip me off ? '', 
  i had a guy come in and replace a broken electric plug , took him all of 5 minutes . 
  charged me 70tl for it . 
  in euros obviously that 's not a lot but for something as simple as that its crazy, 
  yes please . 
  disappointing to see my tax money being spent to convince people that do n't even live in this country that a dictatorship is a great idea . 
  im more of a realist than an optimist . 
  people in turkey are too stupid to see why voting yes will be detrimental to the country . 
  the country , its people its a lost cause . 
  irrespective of what happens on the 16th of april people should be looking for ways to get out . 
  if yes wins we all know what will happen , if no wins god only know what will happen . 
  like i said the one time they came close to losing an election dozens of terrorist attacks happened the year following it . 
  i dont want to be around if no does actually win . 
  we live in turkey , what do you think ? 
  i use a vpn to read cumhuriyet newspaper just incase . 
  people have been arrested for selling turkish flags during gezi . 
  i 'm pretty sure visiting an anti government website is just as ` risky ', 
  they change the examination system for getting into high schools and universities on pretty much a yearly basis at this point . 
  so students will start a school year in preparation for a certain type of exam and points system mid year they 'll change it so the students never know what to expect and ca n't prepare properly . 
  seems to be working out with akps goals of raising an uneducated but religious youth ( they 're also changing regular high schools to islamic ones ) . 
  ah the false sense of hope we get before every election . 
  the people have woken up !, 
  they 're finally fed up !, 
  the polls show they suck now !, 
  they 're finally going to be gone !!!, 
  yet they have n't lost a single election and the one time they got even close to losing power they started working with the pkk again and we all know the state turkey is in now . . 
  you think turkish media reports it that way ? 
  mission accomplished !, 
  honestly what is it about progress that scares conservatives so god damn much . . 
  wow calm down there with the insults . . 
  which still means nothing . 
  we built a defense mechanism that can stop nuclear warheads why not just build one that stops earthquakes . . duh ... 
  replaced by radical muslims . 
  shocking . 
   `` ata '' erdogan triggered, 
  this isnt about feto anymore this purely about removing anyone that opposes him from government . 
  wonder what sort of people are going to be replacing the people that got purged . 
  especially the ones removed from positions regarding education . 
  no hope left for this country unfortunately ... 
  feel free to add the % 10-15 of the votes mhp gets as the two voter bases are essentially the same now , conservative nationalists . 
  `` majority '' is fitting in this situation . 
  no theyre equally passionate followers of islam . 
  they just have different methods of enforcing it . 
  one gets imams to make anti new year speeches during friday prayers , the other takes that literally and carries out the act . 
  isis is to akp what the us army is to american government . 
  due to the state of national emergency or whatever that was declared after the 15th of july coup attempt police do not need warrants to search you . 
  obviously this is just for criminals and the turkish government would never use it to go after political opponents or people against the government / s, 
  no this isnt anything about the consequences of prison . 
  the akp has been pushing the martyr thing for years now as a part of the `` islamistation '' of turkey . 
  any deaths as a result of some of tragedy are automatically labelled martyrs . 
  mine collapses hundreds die ? 
  elevator dropping at a construction site killing all inside ? 
  police getting killed ? 
  soldiers getting killed ? 
  people dieing on the streets during the 15th of july `` coup '' ? 
  children die in government run dormitories ? 
  when you push this whole martyr thing to this extent i.e.
