  why are they patient with them in the first place ? 
  you make it sound as if governments act in the interest of the people . . 
  how to make an ass of yourself 101 featuring dumbass nationalists . . 
  you think thats bad over here in istanbul we 've had places that were designated meet up points after earthquakes ( open fields , parks , etc. ), 
  turned into high rises . 
  do n't forget the numerous terrorist attacks that coincidentally started right after the 7th of june elections . 
  it 's safe to say that we 'll be seeing the same if no wins in a couple weeks time . 
  we all know he 'll do whatever it takes to get what he wants even if it means killing his own people . 
  if yes wins its the end of the turkish republic as we know it . 
  if no wins we risk being blown to bits walking down the street . 
  that 's the catch 22 for us . 
  i guess this our retarded way of saying `` you ca n't fire me i quit '' how bout we do a referandum on whether or not existing schools can be converted to religious ones instead ? 
  what a joke of a country . . 
  let turkey hit rock bottom in hopes that it will learn from its mistakes . 
  its too early for erdo\u011fan to go . 
  people have yet to see the real ugliness that is political islam ( by people i mean his supporters ) . 
  they need to learn what the potential outcome will be the next time they decide to vote based on religion . 
  stop trying to save the country . 
  erdo\u011fanism is deeply rooted among the people and him going now wont end that . 
  the man driving the country to the ground will end erdo\u011fanism . 
  we just have to be patient , leave the country while muslims drive it to ground , and then come back in the future to rebuild with a population thatll hopefully have learned from its mistake . 
  i mean you 'd have to be a special sort of stupid to holiday in turkey with all the anti eu rhetoric being pushed lately . 
  its just unsafe for europeans plain and simple . 
  shh its ok little barbarian . . 
  keep this sort of idiotic shit in the turkish subreddit please and stop making an ass out of yourself . 
  or islanders knowing akp supporters . . 
  im guessing you dont live in turkey . 
  remember the 7th of june elections and the wave of terror attacks afterwards ? 
  if anything be prepared for even more terror attacks if he loses . 
  the akps negotiations with the pkk in norway werent for peace ... 
  europeans definitely shouldnt be travelling to turkey at this point . 
  you have people who stab oranges here god knows what they 'll do to an actual dutch person, 
  yes . 
  sounds like a threat to me . 
  if only the eu had some balls . 
  which turks abroad are seeking independence ? 
  only way to deal with children . 
  its like their stupidity has no limits . 
  at this point its getting impressive how akp supporters are making an ass out of themselves . 
  lets see how they top this one . 
  im genuinely curious . 
  turkeys becoming too volatile of a country and its future is looking dim at best . 
  im pretty sure the last thing the eu wants is another refugee crises right on its borders when shit inevitably hits the fan here . 
  the only way people will turn against erdogan is if their pockets start taking a hit . 
  we 're way past the point of no return . 
  it 's not just erdo\u011fan that 's the problem but also his cronies that has infiltrated all parts of government that still need to cleaned out for turkey to return the normal . 
  no point getting rid of erdo\u011fan when , for example , a vast majority of principles at schools think like him . 
  think on a micro scale and not a macro scale . 
  turkeys problem is erdoganism just as much as erdo\u011fan himself if that makes sense . 
  turkey still has at least another decade after erdogan/akp leaving before its anywhere near `` normal '' . 
  yes . 
  western european tourists spend more money compared to say eastern european or russian tourists . 
  losing 300k british tourists could be just as bad as losing for example 600k russian tourists . 
  pretty much this . 
  he 's dependent on foreign investment to push the whole turkeys strong economy bullshit . 
  we saw how strong it was when they fell out with russia . 
  sanctions for a short period will be enough of a yank on his chain to put him and hopefully the turkish people in line again . 
  so the dumb part of turkish society can start facing the consequences of their actions . 
  they wanted a leader that destroyed turkeys reputation abroad ? 
  well here you go . . 
  i genuinely hope the eu is n't retarded enough to accept whatever apology he will inevitably make after the elections . 
  grow a spine and make countries pay for ridiculing you . 
  what 's with the '' \u00e7irkin teyze '' part . 
  calling her hitler is n't enough let 's call her ugly too that 'll really get the point across if she does n't get the hitler bit . . fuckin retarded turkish `` journalists '', 
  yeh fuck you netherlands !, 
  on a side note , poor cows :(, 
  a satirist is a lot less dangerous than a journalist that does investigative journalism . 
  they 're all talk . 
  who will ? 
  the completely destroyed army of turkey ? 
  do n't think so . 
  with the ergenekon and the 15th of july purges in the army i might actually be the most qualified soldier in turkey right now . 
  oh god please make it stop, 
  no proof , i replied to the other guy that replied to me . 
  its all `` conspiracy theories '' if you want to call it that but in my opinion all this works out favorably for the russians, 
  russia meddling with the american elections goes to show the lengths they are willing to go to ensure batshit insane right wing governments get elected . 
  everyone knows the only thing a right wing government is capable of is bringing a country down . 
  so i ask you this why would erdo\u011fan start calling everyone nazis left right and center ? 
  why would they try and campaign in europe even though its against turkish law and the fact that the number of votes they get from these countries isnt worth deteriorating our relationship with european countries to this extent . 
  on the other hand you have relatively less educated people in the countries that see these islamic countries calling them nazis and claiming they committed genocides and shit and who do you think theyre going to end up voting for ? 
  the leftist `` oh hey lets all get along '' parties or the `` get the people who calls us nazis out of the country '' parties ? 
  and on the home front the type of erdo supporters that jack off to pictures of warriors on horses with a sword in their hand are loving this shit thus ensuring more votes for erdo\u011fan . 
  win win for russia dont ya think ? 
  they already have a puppet in the states and in turkey . 
  getting right wings parties elected in europe will only lead to more brexit type scenarios where the eu weakens . 
  whatever game the russians are using us as a pawn in . 
  and you believe they 're just going to let this subject go if they lose the referandum . 
  you new to turkey ? 
  you sound like just the type of tourist our declining tourism industry would love . 
  yeh i dont think they do this because they care for the locals . 
  theyre doing it because whatre you gon na do not see the sites after youve come all the way to istanbul ? 
  theyre essentially taking advantage of the fact that you 're already here and will pay whether you like it or not . 
  how on earth is paying , for example , 10tl vs. 20tl to do the same exact thing just because youre not from the country at all expected ? 
  by harass i mean staring and just making her/me feel uncomfortable walking around . 
  they usually dont say anything when im around but shes been whistled at etc when shes alone . 
  menus without prices at restaurants seperate prices for foreigners and turks ( galata tower in istanbul is guilty of this one ) stuff added to your bill without you realizing ( that bread they bring to your table all of a sudden is a 30tl addition to your bill ) not getting a proper bill at a restaurant just a piece of paper with a number on it taxi drivers preying on your lack of knowledge of the area , arguing with you when you use google maps ( i know the streets better than google maps you should trust me , dont you trust me ? 
  why dont you trust me ? ), 
  also the 5 star hotels you guys stay at for $ 400 for one week including flights costs double for us . 
  easier to rip foreigners off than locals i guess . 
  just stuff that i can list off of the top of my head .
