  interest rates need to be higher than they are currently . 
  the central bank is given very limited power over this instead they do extremely small increases in interest rates and instead play around with regulations in order to create excess cash . 
  for example , allowing the banks to reduce their reserves . 
  again , since the central bank is under such heavy influence of the erdo\u011fan regime the most they can do is save the day instead of actually taking measures that will benefit us in the long term . 
  no one is arguing anything different ? 
  no , not at all the case . 
  the man is the exact same thing he was 10 years ago . 
  people in turkey were pointing this out however it was cool to label people islamophobes back then so people didnt take us seriously . 
  erdogan didnt become who is today overnight . 
  its the same shitty western journalism that coined the term `` moderate muslim '' for the sake of propaganda that has decided to turn against him . 
  these people who are hell bent on turning our backs on the west dream about the day turkey becomes a country similar to the uae , saudi arabia , or qatar but in reality due to the fact that we dont have the same sort of resources we 'll more than likely turn out to be some sort of iraq or afghanistan sort of place . 
  most of us figured out we need get out and that turkey is a lost cause . 
  we 'll be pointing and laughing from abroad when shit hits the fan in this country . 
  no , let this go through . 
  it will have long term economic effects on the country . 
  and theres nothing that 'll get rid of a politician in this country faster than an economic crises . 
  we need to hit rock bottom , people literally need to suffer in order to learn . 
  no amount of elections or political scandals will get rid of erdo\u011fan . 
  compared to 2016 when bombs were going off left right and center in turkey . 
  another bullshit piece by the propaganda outlet that is the dailysabah, 
  well america decided it doesnt need us anymore so turkey decided to be russias bitch, 
  i mean if you guys insist ... i could also transport myself and spare you the expenses but i wont get in the way of bureaucracy, 
  you make it sound as if he doesnt have support or as if good portion of the population doesnt support these changes . . its only a minority that believes changes like this will ruin the country . . 
  if he does he will most likely be imprisoned . 
  i highly doubt they were ordered to kick people in the head that are already on the floor . 
  theres a difference between restraining protesters and being a barbaric thug . 
   the shift happened somewhere between 12-16th century . 
  must be the west meddling with their internal affairs so that they can steal their oil . 
  he sometimes forgets hes not in turkey and thinks he can get away with everything . 
  so out of touch with the developed world . . 
  people may not think this is a big deal but its actually more important that it seems . 
  those security guards are all each hand picked . 
  not based on their skills or training but based on their loyalty . 
  its not a matter of protecting the president , its a matter of protecting erdogan . 
  the man is paranoid as fuck and just replacing a body guard isnt as easy as they think it may be for example : http://www.sabah.com.tr/gundem/2012/09/24/flas-basbakanin-tum-korumalari-degisti here he changes some higher ups in charge of his security detail ( 2012 coincides with roughly the beginning of their feud with feto ) http://www.sabah.com.tr/gundem/2015/02/24/korumalar-degisti his daughters security detail changed ( sorry for the sabah links ) and last year his first aide ( not sure if this is the correct english term ) turned out to be feto ( allegedly ) http://www.cumhuriyet.com.tr/haber/turkiye/746373/erdogan_in_eski_basyaveri__beni_cumhurbaskani_bizzat_kendisi_secti__eger_oldurmek_istesem....html they dont know who they can trust anymore so changing just one guy is probably more a hassle then people imagine it to be . 
  just make sure to give him a bad reference in the future if any other company calls you up, 
  maybe its because those religions are practiced in more western societies where development happened at a faster rate . 
  level of education is also much higher in these countries as is level of income . 
  basically in most islamic countries people dont have much to live for apart from the prospect of heaven in the after life . 
  especially considering any struggle in the real world is bonus points in the afterlife for them . 
  as a result religion has become a number one priority for these people . 
  which is why its not surprising to see muslims blowing themselves up left right and center when even a small mosque riles them up so much . 
  muslims hate progress and hate people who have progressed beyond them . 
  instead of moving forward and catching up with the times they would rather see mankind move backwards and live the way they do . 
  because your shitty article makes a comparison with 2016 , a year turkey had dozens of terrorists attacks . .  excluding the 2016 comparison , visitor numbers in april were still the lowest for that month since 2010 . 
  while this is banned a guy who broke a brick on a girls head is released : http://www.cumhuriyet.com.tr/haber/turkiye/767553/samsun_da_dehset__kucuk_kiza_parke_tasiyla_vurdu__genc_kizi_taciz_etti...serbest_birakildi.html he gets released but i cant even imagine the torture the lgbt crowd would have to endure by turkish police after they get arrested for showing up in taksim with a gay pride flag . 
  the country has been overrun by barbarians . 
  we wouldnt want to upset the disgusting islamic crowd during ramadan by having people walk down a road . 
  what do you expect from a bunch of nouveau riche barbarians ? 
   as opposed to which era 's turkey ? 
  pre 2010 i would say . 
  speaking for myself , i came back from canada thinking why not , how bad could it possibly be ? 
  this was after seeing turkey grow between 2002-2007/8 . 
  boy was i wrong . 
  theres a reason why the brain drain has sped up substantially over the past few years compared to pre 2010ish . 
  people are becoming more and more pessimistic about their future here . 
  especially if theyre in their late 20s early 30s with a whole life to live ahead of them . . 
  exactly , which is why i dont really agree with the `` turkeys future may not be as bad as we think '' rhetoric found in some of these comments . 
  this is great , however i honestly want to know how many of these are pursuing careers or masters abroad . 
  what incentive do these kids have to stay in todays turkey ? 
  oh fuck off with this bullshit . 
  no one wants to discuss things with you anyway , you 'll either play the `` oh theyre attacking my religion '' or the `` but in 1920s kemalists did this this and this '' card . 
  always deflecting . 
  your kind has called us terrorists , traitors , armenian , greek etc. 
  ( akp insults not mine ) yet were the ones pushing you away . 
  cry me a river . 
  you are everything thats wrong with turkey today , constantly thinking youre the victim . 
  to push the big bad super duper evil west is out to get us rhetoric . 
  unfortunately we have to put quotation marks around news for most `` news '' outlets in turkey . 
  not sure if you 've been living under a rock but it was over even before the syrians came . 
  woah there let 's not get ahead of ourselves here . 
  you can still report the pro erdo\u011fan turks for terrorism or something in europe , not going to be the case in konya . 
  still too big of a risk to take . 
  best to just stay away from them in general . 
  we leave to escape pro erdogan turks , youd have to pay me to live in turkish communities especially in europe . 
  at this point any foreign journalist in turkey is just taking an unnecessary risk with their lives . 
  im all for freedom of information , reporting , speech etc. 
  but is it really worth rotting in some disgusting turkish prison for the rest of your lives ? 
  `` journalist ends up in turkish prison '' is the equivalent of the `` water is wet '' round here . 
  stick to your anti west circlejerk in / r/turkey and stop making an ass of yourself here and giving real turks a bad name please . 
  thanks . 
  it 's not that they have a hard on for g\u00fclen but when you muddy the waters by using it as an excuse to fire everyone opposing the government people stop taking it seriously . 
  turkey is clueless when it comes to pr and getting its point across . 
  for example : wants america to hand over g\u00fclen . 
  calls for the death penalty at every akp political rally . 
  this sort of retarded behavior is what made turkey the butt of all jokes . 
  but judging by the circlejerk in / r/turkey its the big bad evil west being an asshole an not at all turkeys fault . 
  well duh ... 
  correct . 
  the point i was trying to make is that central london has architecture that has been protected . 
  i 'm talking about places like knightsbridge , mayfair , chelsea , kensington , baker street etc. 
  i understand these are n't exactly the sort of places your average londoner lives and that outside zone 1 things become less indistinguishable but as a tourist walking round central london you know you 're in london . 
  the same ca n't be said for istanbul . 
  you do n't feel like you 're in a city that has a great history . 
  for example you ca n't wreck the houses in knightsbridge to build a bigger apartments . 
  i was walking by one of those old white victorian homes which was being renovated and while the front face of the house was still intact the rest of it was missing obviously to be rebuilt from the ground up . 
  in turkey we 'd just wreck that building because fuck history and build a larger apartment like in the first picture o showed . 
  yes that 's the nature of property development nowadays but some stuff is still protected in european countries while no one gives a fuck in turkey . 
  yeh we only imagine what istanbul wouldve been like if it wasnt run by people with a fascination for tall buildings and concrete . 
  istanbuls becoming more and more a wannabe dubai . . my friends and i have always said this .
