  making dieing seem like a good thing you 'll have plenty of people carry acts of terrorism like this without worrying about dieing . 
  islamists love death . 
  great representation of your average turk . 
  get them mad and soon enough they 'll start taking low blows . 
  we have no one to blame but ourselves for letting arab turks run the country . 
  there 's a saying in turkish `` it 's a fun country if only we were n't citizens of it '' . 
  pretty fitting in this scenario . 
  it affects all tax paying citizens assuming theyre not just showing up at your country and carrying on with their lives where they left off . 
  why do you think turkey is begging for money ? 
  like someone else mentioned turkey isnt russia . 
  one simple example is that russia is able to produce its own fighter jets for example . 
  it produces natural gas . 
  none of this is done in turkey . 
  its a consumption based economy . 
  one that will tank when germany stops selling us $ 50.000 bmws that we then tax and sell for $ 100.000 . 
  turkish government is dependent on taxes . 
  especially from goods like luxury cars or electronics where taxes are extremely high which mainly comes from the west . 
  how do you expect to fix the problem when the same people you are trying to save continue you to elect authoritarian , corrupt and violent leaders into government ? 
  i do n't think you fully understand who exactly you should be blaming . 
  we are the minority hence why most of us are making plans to get the fuck out . 
  they dont need us anyway to live out their ottoman dreams . 
  might as well round em up in one place so they dont disgrace us more . 
  i worry the reputation of real turks will go down the drain as a result of the actions of arab turks . 
  no that was not the agreement . 
  like i said stop reading government news sources . 
   unhcr 's european head , vincent cochetel , has said that even the few syrians who voluntarily returned to turkey from greece have so far not received any titles of protection , despite the fact that turkey had agreed to do so as part of the deal . 
  literally in the article , can you not read ? 
  anyway like i said , go fuck yourself . 
  feel free to read [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/refugee-situation-in-greece-a-threat-to-turkey-eu-deal-a-1117013.html ) article instead of the usual stuff from a haber , yeni \u015eafak and trt . 
  it 'll help you understand why turkey hasnt been upholding its part of the deal . 
  go and educate yourself a little . 
   why are you defending them ? 
  because people like myself have been labeled as `` them '' by the muslims in turkey . 
  i ( we ) have been called a terrorist , a traitor and enemy of the state among many other things by the turkish government . 
  therefore im on the side of people that are on my side and not on the side of the muslim fascists . 
  not exactly rocket science , im in no rush to defend the government of a country that hates me and people like myself . 
  y' all can go fuck yourselves . 
  please do and then send us the bill . 
  you guys should do everything in your power to make them feel as uncomfortable and unwanted as possible . 
  they hate the eu yet wouldnt be seen dead in turkey . 
  fuck them , they deserve the worst . 
   very weird to me but i wo n't judge their customs . 
  which is why were here in the first place . 
  `` oh lets not interfere with their ridiculous and disgusting traditions , god forbid i get labeled an islamophobe '' . 
  when are we going to get past this whole politically correct bullshit . 
  what a redundant question . 
  westerners hate barbaric islamists only difference being austria is the only country with the balls and decency to do something about it regardless of how much of an effect it will have on turkey instead of just releasing statements about how `` worried '' they are about the developments in turkey . 
  hopefully other european countries will follow suit . 
  this will most certainly outrage them enough to leave their cushy lives in europe ( with those sweet sweet euro paying jobs ) and show support for their dear leader , erdo\u011fan . 
  turkish mindset people , always so entitled . 
  expecting visa free without actually adhering to terms of the agreement . 
  this is what happens when you watch state tv for extended period of time . 
  we said `` no '' to the child rape law you tried to pass . 
  being against the akp , an enemy of turkey , is the least real turks can do . 
  you arab cockroaches can keep suckin that dick though . 
  `` could '' being the key word . 
  we chose not to do that . 
  we have lots of new mosques though . 
  i 'm sure they 'll help through the impending economic turmoil . 
  to induce consumption . 
  lower interest rates means people can take out loans buy houses cars go shopping etc. 
  in a country where we dont really export anything internal consumption is key for growth . 
   it 's more than just a continent . 
  feel free to provide any evidence to back your bullshit up . 
   but it 's not like that joining the eu is the only way to reach to that point and noticing that we will not get in anyways you can try to search for other solutions , or just emigrate whatever you wish . 
  whats you suggestion ? 
  you think turkey will obtain the level of freedom of speech , freedom of religion etc. 
  that is available in the eu in turkey without someone literally forcing it down our throats ? 
  you and i both know whats going on in turkey with regards to freedom of speech . 
  do you genuinely believe your average akp supporter gives a fuck ? 
  you cant expect change in turkey without someone like atat\u00fcrk who will literally force it down people throats or through globalization . 
  i highly doubt the eu will benefit much from turkey joining , however turkey will immensely due to the criteria that turkey fulfilled . 
  none of these criterias will be fulfilled if you leave turks to their devices . 
  our people dont want the quality of life available to a european , they want the sort of life/government that will get them into heaven . .  if that was so easy they would n't have called them `` european '' , there is a certain cultural aspect involved aswell . 
  i 'm sure that most europeans have somewhat the same values/culture and get their feeling for unity from there . 
  europe is a fucking continent . 
  hence why its called the european union . 
  what do you suggest they call it ? 
  this is what people fail to understand . 
  the argument has become us ( turks , muslims , etc. ), 
  vs. them ( europeans , the west , christians ) . 
  not theyre judicial system is better than ours due to the guidelines eu has set out for its countries , why should our judiciary system not function in the same way ? 
  who called you an akp shill ? 
  my point is people are basing their arguments off of propaganda . 
  like i said its absolutely retarded to give up on the eu just because theyre christian were asian or arab or whatever . 
  i want the same sort of quality of life available to europeans in turkey . 
  i dont give a fuck if your backwards middle eastern traditions arent inline with these expectations . 
  ( by you i mean akp supporters in general ) . 
  eu isnt about culture and tradition or language or whatever . 
  its a group of countries that have agreed on what a `` modern '' country should be . 
  in exchange they provide benefits to its citizens ( travel ) and businesses ( the euro ) . 
  who the fuck cares what those people think ? 
  yes , lets just go ahead with the opinion of millions of uneducated people who 's main source of information is akp propaganda outlets . 
  what people dont realize is that in order to join the eu the country needs to meet certain criteria such as human rights , seperation of powers , a proper judiciary system etc. 
  basically things that will benefit the people whether or not they are european . 
  its stupid that the fucking argument has essentially come down to `` oh those christian europeans dont want us so we dont want them either '' as if there are no reprecussions to stopping the talks or not wanting to join the eu . 
  no , there are no independent institutions in turkey . 
  anyone who steps out of line will be removed from position if the government has the power to remove them if not a smear campaign will start towards the person on akp propaganda news outlets . 
  turkeys economy is based on consumption since we dont exactly produce anything . 
  a decrease means consumption means a hit on the economy .
