  for those who might not know what dershanes are ) , private schools . 
  parents have to send their kids to private schools because the public school system has been completely destroyed . 
  i am aware turkish public schools do not require tuition . 
  nah its the same for most women , particularly for foreigners for whatever reason turks think they are ` easier ' . 
  its not that they arent teaching them anything but imagine having a really devout muslim as your biology teacher . 
  how much do you think you 'll learn in that class or how much will that teacher push those kids to learn more ? 
  its not whats being taught thats the problem , public schools arent teaching sharia law all of a sudden ( although the number of hours of religious education has increased over the years ) . 
  the problem is the teachers and principles at the schools . 
  more and more are being replaced with religious nutjobs and that religious ideology is being imposed on the students in one way or another . 
  oh and more and more schools are being converted to \u0130mam hatip schools ( religious schools ) . 
  you hear a lot about parents whose kids go to a regular school one year and all of a sudden it turns in an \u0130mam hatip the next and they cant send their kid elsewhere because most public schools are full to begin with anyway . 
  so now they are literally forcing people to go to these religious schools . 
  so youre left with either going to an \u0130mam hatip , hoping some other school will take you , or spending 30-40k . 
  choice is yours . 
  god help you if you have a second child . 
  my colleague has two both will start school in the next 2 years or so . 
  im guessing her family are billionaires how else are you going to get your children a decent education in the middle east ? 
  let me know when your public school system turns into a completely religious one and you have to spend 30k euros to send your child to a school that wont guarantee him/her a great education but a normal non brainwashing one . 
  obviously people dont pay 30.000 euros here , they pay 30.000 tl but it means both parents need to working where one is only working for tuition ( plus costs associated with schooling ) . 
  think in terms of percentages . 
  average yearly salary in turkey is $ 10.000 which $ 9.000 roughly . 
  for example my manager at work sends her kid to a school that costs roughly 40.000 tl . 
  she probably makes around 100ktl per year . 
  so at least 40 % of her salary is going to tuition plus other costs that are associated . 
  we are the lucky few . 
  90 % of kids in this country go to shitty public schools and apart from some miracle stories you 'll hear every now and again none of them have any future whatsoever . 
  its one thing to use religion as a tool to gain votes , but its a little different than using it to shape a countrys future . 
  thats my point i think the pc crowd went from being a majority to thankfully a minority . 
  were talking post 9/11 ( or post iraq war lets say ) early-mid 00 's where the slightest criticism of islam or a muslim would get you branded an islamophobe before you could even finish saying islamophobe . 
  its also the reason of right wing politics in europe today . 
  people are slowly giving up politically correctness and starting to question the true intentions of a large group of muslims . 
  remeber the term `` moderate muslims '' . 
  erdo\u011fan and co were all labeled as `` moderate muslims '' by western media . 
  no one ever dared to question the reason why a group of people that believes in a certain religion had to be split into `` moderates '' and `` extremists '' . 
  europe , or rather the west , learned the hard way that theres no such thing as `` moderate '' muslim . 
  a devout muslim can not and will not ever be `` moderate '' . 
  this . 
  some europeans make the mistake of underestimating the g\u00fclen movement just because erdo\u011fan has labeled them as boogeymen and obviously dont believe him because who the fuck would trust erdo\u011fan . 
  the reality is the g\u00fclen movement is just as dangerous if not more dangerous than the akp . 
  the akp is a political party that will inevitably die out . 
  the g\u00fclen movement is a cult that infiltrates the government and private companies and does so in complete secret . 
  next thing you know you 're being fired because they want to replace you with someone that is more inline with their objectives . 
  and the next company you apply for wont hire you because the hr manager is a g\u00fclenist . 
  all of a sudden youre stuck with your university degree that you worked hard for while people from g\u00fclen schools are being favoured over you . 
  both the g\u00fclen cult and the akp need to go . 
  we are not picking between one or the other . 
  real turks are vehemently against both . 
  im very happy to see g\u00fclenists go to jail . 
  what im not happy with is everyone being labeled as g\u00fclenists left right and center and the fact we all know none of them will receive a fair trial . 
  ( regardless of whether or not i think they are guilty ), 
  politically correctness will allow for the most barbaric of acts to not be questioned . 
  its cancer . 
  have you ever lived in the middle east ? 
  theres a lot of anti-jewish rhetoric . 
  just go and talk to a few `` regular '' people store owners , taxi drivers etc. 
  ( speaking for turkey but i cant imagine it being too different in other parts of the region ), 
  the schools arent important when you have religion shoved down your throat every time you go home . 
  these non integrated families probably dont watch german tv , they watch turkish channels over satellite . 
  they watch the same sort propaganda and anti-whatever rhetoric that is being pushed down peoples throat 24/7 just like the people in turkey . 
  how are you supposed to overcome your prejudices when your parents from a very young age label people who eat pork as disgusting and jews as non human ? 
  schooling is important im not arguing this . 
  but i feel the way your family raises has more of an impact on who you become more than schooling does . 
  its a rinse and repeat cycle . 
  like i said these kids are 2nd and even 3rd generation german turks that are still acting like this . 
  clearly the education system alone isnt enough to solve these sort prejudice that comes from religion . 
  families are just as important . 
  i feel like their muslim identity overpowers their turkish/arab identity . 
  we 're talking about people who are racist purely because of their beliefs . 
  turks and arabs do not have any issues with jews . 
  but muslims do . 
  didnt mean to come off that harsh , my bad . 
   my point is that we should focus on the school . 
  without out a doubt , yes . 
  but the question is do they give education the same value to you and i do ? 
  in turkey that is not the case . 
  a presidential candidate was made fun of for knowing 5 languages ( is he running for president or translator , lol ) and our president himself has made statements along the lines of `` may allah protect us from those who have read ( educated ) '' after the 15th of july coup when akp campaign manager was killed . 
  then you have families pulling their children out of school because the boys need to make money and the girls ... well im not going to really get into that one . 
  i understand that this may be the case in turkey and might not apply to the turks in germany but islamists are islamists everywhere . 
  turks in germany have been there for 40-50 years and we still talk about integration . 
  i personally believe that they can not be taught without the influence of islam removed from their lives . 
  i didnt claim that they represented all muslims . 
  just a sizable portion that isnt small enough to be ignored anymore . 
  whats your point exactly ? 
  that its not only the islamic crowd that harassing them so we should let it slide ? 
  or that i shouldnt criticize them because there are others doing it as well ? 
  who cares if theyre refugees or not its irrelevant to the topic . 
  drop the pc bullshit . 
  what do you mean source ? 
  my point was that we keep using terms like `` a small portion '' , `` some '' , `` a small minority '' etc. 
  every time an incident happens like this and i feel like its starting to add up . 
  and against the left wing `` guys i swear theyre super peaceful '' narrative . 
  theyre akp supporters , what else would they be . 
  especially if theyre crazy enough to be stabbing people . 
  were talking about akp supporters . 
  she should glad she didnt get her head cut off . . 
  and yet they were calling the netherlands fascists for not letting them spread their lies but they have yet to say anything about america regarding the laptop ban and now this . 
  im guessing they dont want to bite off more than they can chew . 
  trump might be a bit too much for turkey to handle . . 
  i keep hearing this but where do you draw the line ? 
  he keeps pushing the limits knowing there will be no consequences apart from articles like this which means nothing to him .
