what do top government officials know that they have so little hope for space exploration ? 
  maybe the world is not black and white . 
  you can support putin 's actions in syria but not his actions in ukraine . 
  i think europeans should cherish their individual cultures . 
  you do n't want everything to look so dull like here . 
  in fact , many people think all ` white ' people do n't have any culture at all because of what they see in the us . 
  kek, 
  do n't be delusional . 
  poor russians would gladly kill you if putin commanded them . 
  i 'm not criticizing your choices but would you help out norway ( or whatever country you migrate ) if they ever go to war ? 
  literally written by hitler . 
  adopting stray cats to fill the house, 
  i find it funny and not triggering , probably because i live in the other side of the pond , but there 's literally no reason for europe to be a continent , except culture/religion . 
  that way of life europeans fought to preserve over the centuries , will be gone in decades . 
  so the cover is right , they 're reshaping europe rapidly . 
  this would n't be a problem if the entire year was about belgian culture . 
  now that i think about it , i would feel somewhat inferior about my culture if i had to celebrate it in a foreign country . 
  less white people is strength , 
  simply stop using facebook . 
  why does scotland think they 're so special and progressive ? 
  why ca n't they be like northern ireland ? 
  i bet most of them believe their ancestors where evil slave owners and colonizers . 
  that 's what i read . 
  i wonder if it would 've been better or worse had the soviets captured them . 
  i feel bad for goebbels ' children . . 
  bill is a very interesting conservative character . 
  he 's also in favor of gun control that includes prohibiting the sales of certain firearms . 
  i do n't think he 's that conservative , but i get your point . 
  it 's the new york times , do n't be surprised . 
  they were n't a victim , germans know what they do . 
  they always have to go for an extreme , no middle exists for them . 
  think about it : the collapse of the roman empire , wwi , wwii and now the invitation of refugees into europe . 
  so progressive, 
  do corsicans approve of the state of france ? 
  dumb usa . 
  should 've supported the `` coup '' while they could . 
  i wonder what those who wanted assad out of power feel about this . 
  very immoral . 
  and they claim in propaganda videos that europeans are crusaders , lol . 
  far from it . 
  based eu , crashing regressive google with no survivors . 
  people were shouting `` allah akbar '' on the streets while waving turkish flags in favor of their leader erdogan . 
  very sad , they should 've supported the coup , but then again , i 'm an evil secular westerner . 
  i was expecting this meme, 
  can any system work in sub saharan africa ? 
  even nigeria has a lot of corruption and many others are selling their butt to china . 
  only millennials and a chunk of old hippies would consider the uk a shithole . 
  putin btfo, 
  what 's the point of this comment ? 
  let people be . 
  maybe i 'm naive , but i think it 's impossible to see the modern european fight these kind of wars again , even if every government was far-right/far-left . 
   go far . 
  were n't you supposed to love your fellow europeans ? 
  do n't forget that 48 % voted to remain . 
  got ta keep the echo chamber alive !, 
  sorry for the mp but that shooter is doing a lot of damage to his cause . 
  idiot . 
   christian crosses they 've been very common in europe , how is it a provocation ? 
  so are trump and may still putin sills ? 
  looks like a nice highrise to me, 
  and today they entered the third, 
  full blown hedonism is never a good thing . 
  think about the future generations and be less selfish . 
  lacks a cross and a castle : i, 
  people do n't fascism , they just want less islam, 
  someone does n't know what he 's doing edit : to go further , i used to really think trump was just playing 9d chess and had a plan to unite the west with russia , destroy isis , etc. 
  but now it seems ridiculous . 
  see you soon boys :-), 
  except the corporate media lies a lot . 
  i 'm looking forward to a future without cnn , fox and msnbc . 
  i do n't like the young turks for example but at least they do n't have globalist interests in mind , hence i would like to see more tyts ( left/center/right ) . 
  switzerland 2.0, 
  lol trump never said that . 
  pinochet made chile great though . 
  le pen will win and the eu will disband . 
  can you be more specific as to why you trusted the us under obama but not under trump ? 
  i 'm curious because under the former president russia expanded its territory and increased the bullying significantly . 
  yeah out of all those countries you will rapidly throw yourself in to defend ... israel . 
  dangerous move . 
  i do n't think germany should even have an army , considering how ambitious they tend to be from time to time . 
  lol so ? 
  virtue signalling does n't change the fact that : a. ), 
  the british people want brexit and b. ), 
  more than 30 states want trump . 
  maybe if the elite was n't so obsessed with open borders neither of those would happen , because the average american and british are n't far-right . 
  haha you 're still unhappy about that comment ? 
  you 're our vassal state . 
  your leader even held hands with our president . 
  she knows her place . 
   freedom, 
  has he lifted the sanctions ? 
  your comment is invalid . 
  the house of clowns does n't get that they 're our vassal state . 
  they do n't get to decide . 
  trump will visit the uk just like he did when brexit won . 
  europe will fall behind if they want to be the ` good guys ' . 
  discrimination against the irish , for example . 
  you keep ignoring the fact that the economic migrants and refugees who fled persecution for their religious beliefs were europeans . 
  they still hated each other when they arrived to the colonies but it was easier to integrate into one society because of shared values . 
  nice sarcasm , but that 's unironically what the eu lovers here wish , that british people suffer as much as possible .
