in italy also resultus change between regions i.e. 
  in mathematics we pass from trentino 's 524 to calabria 's 430 . 
  nothing ... he is just mixing up a controversial ruling of our costitutional court that dose n't have anything to do with our governament becouse as ton of other costitutional courts it is complitly indipendendent from the governament ... with the request from the greeks for war compesations for ww2 . 
  we have accepted our past and we do n't have illusuons about how things went at the time we know well what the generations of our grandpa have done . 
  i honestly hope that his was a bona fide error and not an attept to demagogy or even worst that actually some papers in germany have presented that way because it will be just sad . 
  not only my hometown is full of germans , i always had at school at least one german or half german class mate and my parents ' neightbours are two germans femilies . 
  and i am from veneto not suoth tyrol . 
  but here is full of italo german companies . 
  so probably they are all contrated in big cities or like in the case of my hometown in places where there are a lot of italo german c. / german companies like where i live . 
  we consider the spanish to be our brothers and we often refer to the french as i nostri cugini d'oltralpe ( our cousins from beyond the alps ) . 
  nope is civil protection that decides on evacuations, 
  indian summer : estate di san martino ( saint martino 's summer ) milky way : via lattea ( milky road ) the sunshower : tempo delle streghe ( witches ' weather ), 
  there are an italian and a french sitting dawn at the same table in a hotel restaurant in rome the italian guy is having breakfast the french is masticating a chewing gum . 
  the italian , after having take a bite into a croissant , asks : `` why you does n't eat anything ? '', 
  and the french answer : '' because in france we eat the crumb and then we recycle the crust and after we sell it to the italians as croissant '' . 
  after a while the italian put some marmalade on a piece of bread and he asks to the french : '' are you really sure that you does n't want to eat anything ? '', 
  the other guy , that is still masticating the chewing gum , say : '' yes , because we eat the fruit and then we recycle the peel as marmalade and then we sell it to the italians '' . 
  after a while the italian asks : `` what do you do with condoms in france ? '', 
  and the french '' we use them and then we get rid of them ... why are you asking me about this ? 
  what you do we them ??!! '', 
  `` well we use them and then we recycle them as chewing gums that we sell to the french '', 
  `` who owns it '' : rcsmediagroup ; political aligment : centrist, 
  i 'll really love thinking that i this is our only but , call me a cynic maybe , but is not a mistery that for our industry in particullary the manufacturing sector of north easth export to russia has been mouthfull of oxigen and if they get hurted much by sanctions is not surely good for us too . 
  considering that the wide magiority of immigrants dose n't have this cauntry as their final destination well it 's much useful to other european cauntries if they get blocked here than for us spending tons of money for doing this without reciving anything back other that human rights criticism . 
  it 's just pure pragmatism : we always had a good relations with russia , exluding ww2 , and our economic inter change exploded in the last 10 years , just between 2010 and 2011 the hardest year for our economy it increased of approximately the approximately 20 % . 
  the truth is that with this stance we have very little to lose and a lot to gain . 
  if you are intrested to know a bit more take a look here : http://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/relazioni_bilaterali_tra_italia_e_russia#cite_ref-relazioni_39-1 ( sorry for posting the page of wiki in italian but the page in english is really incomplete so i 'm afraid you 'll have to use google translator ), 
  i double checked because i knew for scure that the law passed back in 2008 bat apparently is more abstract possibility than real becouse the responsability for the new limit fell on the company that run the h. and ... ( colpa mia dovevo essere pi\u00f9 precisa ho dato la patente quest ` anno ed era una delle domande della teoria e sono stata troppo ottimista ), 
  actually is 3 years and btw in some ristrected areas the limit is 150 km/h ( for people that have the license for more than 3 y. 
  obviously ) . 
  '' how noble of them '' well that what i wanted to say maybe a bit to arsh that in general nobility wase n't anywhere around in ww2 frankly is time to stop recriminating on things appened when our gradfathers where young like the french = cowoards , the germans = nazi and so on . 
  the law was introduced in 1992 but in some part of the cauntry the use existed well before in friuli in the house of the family of my mum there are the trees planted for my granddad and my great grandmother and also in the part of veneto from where my dad 's family is from is used to do so . 
  edit : by people that are mostly if not all dead, 
  and so i do n't see why we should also be attaceked about a decision that was taken more than 70 years ago that people that are mostly is not all dead ... or is just a double standard ? 
  also in some parts of north east there is the tradition of planting a tree to celebrate the birth of a baby . 
  well at least we were able to understand that war was lost before sending 11 years old children to fight soviet tanks ... talking about noble things to do ... unlike someone else . 
  no offence at all also thank you for taking the time to fix it . i translated this directly from the audio reading it now i realized that was a bit convoluted in some parts, 
  one hundred years ago the assasination of the archduke franz ferdinand mark the biginnig of the first world war . 
  that will left 16 millions dead . 
  just approximately 20 years later exploded the second ( world war ) that only in europe leaves 50 millions dead . 
  the continent came out in ruins . 
  but someone between the cauntries that have been enemies came out with an extraordinary idea . 
  in 1951 six cauntries france , w. germany , belgium , italy , the netherlands and luxemburg gave birth to the embryo of the future union : the coal and steel community . 
  that wase n't born for economical reasons but to put in common the raw meterial used for making weapons and make materially impossible an other war . 
  the eec came later . 
  from then those have been over 60 years of prosperity and democracy ; and in particullary of peace how many europe has naver experienced before in its whole history . 
  yes sometimes bruxelles disappoint us but how jean monnet used to say : '' it is better to fight around a table than on battlefield '' . 
  written : '' how many people rember why wanted europe ? '', 
  onestly looking the school books that i had troght the years i think that they are slowly become less biased and the book that use my sister that is still at hight school seem to confirm the trend . 
  bat is an absolutly personal opinion and so complitly debatable . 
  bat yes some months ago when i read a couple of pages of the book that my dad used in the 70s in some points i cuold n't stop smiling it was really really biased . 
  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mi3ugy9bkfs this video is a lecture of a poem `` fratelli '' written in 1916 by one of our greatest xx century poets giuseppe ungaretti that was fighting on the frontline and talks about this feeling of comradery ( in the video is the poet himself who read ) . 
  a good translatinon can be find here : http://allpoetry.com/poem/8542783-brothers-by-giuseppe-ungaretti, 
   just at the edge of `` schietwedder '' , which means what you think it means . < really ? 
  well viva compaund words we have to use three words just to state er ... 
  the same concept, 
  my bad yes its something like you are describing apparently you have to consider that english is n't my first lenguage and this confuse me sometimes i 'm sorry . 
  we have sonething in common ... i also live there . 
  yes is definitly more absolute is like a physical pain like breathing in a turkish bath while muggy afaik is more like wet coziness . 
  with heavy i meant the fealing of a weight on your lung that afa ( a word untranslatable in english that means weather with high humidity and 36 celsius or more ) a fealing that sothern europeans people know well . 
  yep and more heavy also . 
   now try doing anything when its 40c . 
  plus humidity, 
  number of school days in six eu cauntries if someone want to do comparison ( i dind n't finid the data for alla the member states ) http://www.robert-schuman.eu/en/doc/questions-d-europe/qe-212-en.pdf, 
  can confirm kids barely do any holydays during the rest of year here in late may is already too hot often, 
  here at page 4 there is a map with the distribution of school holydays by country : http://eacea.ec.europa.eu/education/eurydice/documents/facts_and_figures/school_calendar_en.pdf, 
  http://www.giustizia.it/giustizia/it/mg_1_14_1.wp?previsiouspage=mg_1_14&amp;contentid=sst1006763 from our ministry of jusitice ( google translate ) and one of our main newspaper also google translate : http://www.ilfattoquotidiano.it/2013/07/11/carceri-90-delle-detenute-ha-figlio-terzo-rischia-di-finire-a-sua-volta-in-prigione/650936/, 
  italy : people in jail are for 96 % men 4 % women ( 2820 w . in total ) . 
  mosltly women are condamned for house thefts , drug sells or pickpocket, 
  well unfurtunatly as difects ( corruption , scandals ) we did n't change much in 2000 years as you can quikly discover reading some latin lietarature starting from in catilina and in varrem speeches from cicero so is probable reaction would have been : '' those fucking greek philosofers where right with their fucking palygenesis all has to repeat himself '', 
  data 2014 gdp classific : spain 13 and sweden is 22 . 
  if as you say spain is a banana republic ... do you live in somalia ? 
  be aware of them are poisonous  ... bye, 
  well maybe it 's that i live in a particular social contest the majority of my friends are young law students in a progressive university and my parents are both in the law field bat i have still many friends from my conservative catholic high school and they share a view similar to mine ... well idk an age factor maybe ? 
  really the majority people that comment there are well a mass of ignorants to be polite ... honestly after reading the comments of that same article i stopped reading them i was annoyed as hell that all this comments on social services that take spoil children while i they are often taken away from very awful families . 
  personally i hope that there is a concentration of the worse person of the country bat i suspect that some people hare using the anonymity to say things that normally they want there to admit . 
  may i guess ? 
  the newspaper was il corriere della sera right ? 
  well there is frontex the eu agency for the control of borders the problem is that has a very tiny budget so can really do a little in reality ( the 70 % of eu budget still goes to agriculture ) so at the end of the day can do very little . 
  here is the wiki page : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/frontex, 
  the decision of joining the euro was strongly wanted at the time by the people at the end of '90 for basically 2 reason : a ) the distrust for our politicians ( and for good reasons ) b ) the fact that we have always been a country that always liked the idea of a european integration now not so much according to recent polls that sentiment is now shared only by the 24 % of the population in 2000 was the double.anyway on the fact that we were unable to say no to the eu in that matter we never have enought space to negotiate at the time we were to weak at the time economically , politically and in some way socially . 
  bat talking more in general i agree with you we should be assertive in eu matters we have the 8th largest economy in the world , we are 3rd state of the eu for population and we are one of the founders state and the fact that our politicians never used that for pointing their foots is a fact that make me angry . 
  on the fact of why berlusconi was our prime m. at the time and why he managed to resist in politics for so long i honestly will require a book to explain to you that bat if you are really interested i can suggest you one or two written by people more expert than me . 
  no was berlusconi 's last act and no again our constitution require parliament approval for treaties only in some subjects ( alliences , territory ... ) in the others is enough just president approval that de facto is government approval because the president is basically a ceremonial figure ... so now you understand why feel powerless ? 
  italy is a parliamentary republic non a presidential one we elect the parliament not the prime minister . 
  when a new parliament is elected or the previous government has n't anymore the trust of the parliament the president after consulting the leaders of the parties that have been elected offer the mandate to form the government to the person ( not necessarily a mp ) that more likely will have the support of the two chambers that compose the italian parliament ( camera dei deputati , senato ) if this person accept he has to choose his minister then he and is government have to pledge in the hands of the president . 
  then the government has to pass trust vote in both the chambers if he fail the president can choose someone else that has to go trough the same procedure or call for early election . 
  that 's how it works basically . 
  well , i 'm from veneto ( venice 's region ) and from my personal point of wiew chanches are slim people here dose n't really want secession what they really want is a more decentrate governament basically they dose n't want to pay anymore for sothern regions problems . 
  using the plans we already have done after 2008 when where colesed the pipelines : import more gas from libya and algeria , increase internal production of gas and reopen thermal power stations that use coal ( that actually could have a positive side effect becouse we would probably use coal from sulcis zone in sardinia that 's quite depressed reducing uneployment ) . 
  i think that decision is a shame because we are not dependent from their gas and we can replace from other surces the percentual of russian gas we use now . 
  we import now : -33 % algeria -17,70 russia -11,24 % libya -10 % internal production -7,41 % quatar -3,81 holland -3,5 norway - other surces, 
  yeah you are definitly the best people in the world ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/10486452/child-taken-from-womb-by-caesarean-then-put-into-care.html, 
  maybe because italy 9 greatest economy in the world and spain the 13th while you are just 18th ??? 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
  a great time and a great music ... here a bit more southern exemple : http://youtu.be/bgqchhjw07c , 
  la pizzica a typical music genre of apulia a south-easth region : http://youtu.be/mevb_qatgwi, 
  politics the american pubblic opinion is on her side and ... beside it would not be the first time that they do so there was one even worst case : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cavalese_cable_car_disaster_ ( 1998 ), 
  same here too, 
  there are similar cases i.e when at the end of ww2 whas defined the border between italy and the former yugoslavia a lot of people ended up with their houses divided in two with idk the livingroom in italy and the bedroom in yugoslavia .
