  when slovenia entered in the eu one of the simbols of that event whas the `` reunification '' of gorizia and nova gorica ( the slo . 
  side ) a city splitted in 2 at the end of war ( http://archiviostorico.corriere.it/2003/febbraio/09/gorizia_nova_gorica_prove_per_co_0_030209186.shtml ), 
  `` tu scendi dalle stelle '' you can hear a good version here with english sub : http://youtu.be/thof5snnsve, 
  another version can be : propria culpa evitanda est actio de damno appelandum, 
  or here in the north-east of italy we have saint lucia on december 13th, 
  ok thanks , goodnight !, 
  just curiosity ... iod\u00e1il has some particular etymology ? 
  portogallo in italian, 
  i think is a duty to save them mediterranean ca n't become a cimitery ... on the other hand it a duty that ca n't fell anymore on italian , maltese , spanish and greek schoulders we ca n't efford it enymore both socially and economically yes exsist frontex the european agency for border control but is so underfounded that in march had consumed all the year budget . 
  and it 's not true wath some north europeans say that is a new problem i 'm 20 years old and onestly i ca n't recall a singol day when i watched the tv news where wase n't news of shipwrekt and rescue from the cost guard . 
  and where you want to put us italians ? ... in the eastern european army or we should split between the french , german and uk one ? 
  it 's the same for me ... i think that i was just 6 years old at the time and under the tree between the presents there was those strange kits one for me the other for my sister.i remember also that few days later the night of new year ave my father thought to me how to use those strange coins on the table of a montain appartment that we had rented for the holydays while we were waiting for the midnight . 
  they want to be part of austria but unfortunately for them ( and in some part for us ) the austrians dose n't want them at all . 
  and as you said they not want in reality to secede they simply want ... more money . 
  yeah i know ... simply i fond the idea that you expressed about the return of the puppet a bit exaggerated yes i know that the situation of our country is n't good but this is not the biennio rosso and by now our should have enough antibody to resist to such deviation ... well , i hope so, 
  ... and in war where we dose n't want to be at all ... 
  nihil sub sole novum ( latin : there is nothing new under the sun ), 
  adding a note to the second question ... the police not only soffered wages cuts but also personnel shortcuts because a good part of the oldest personnel is retiring and there have n't been hire enoght people to balance this because budget cuts . 
  i know cres a bit less but i was there at easter and was magic ... the colours where incredibile and the procession that the the locals did on holy friday was simple fascinating for a second seemed that we have gone back of centuries, 
  the islands of cres and losinj still very incotaminated and with very clean waters and they are in the middle of a dolphines ' marine reserve ... i love them in particulary losinj, 
  famale : giulia ( julia ) , chiara ( claire ) , francesca ( francis ) , sara ( sarah ) , martina , valentina , alessia ( alexia ) , silvia ( sylvia ) , elisa . 
  male : andrea , luca ( luke ) , marco ( mark ) , francesco ( francis ) , matteo ( mathew ) , alessandro ( alexander ) , davide ( david ) , simone ( simon ) , federico ( frederick ) , lorenzo ( lawrence ) . 
  surnames : rossi ( redheads ) , russo ( redhead ) , ferrari ( smiths ) , esposito ( exposed , surname for orphans ) , bianchi ( whites ) , romano ( roman ) , colombo ( male dove , surname for orphans ) , ricci ( curly heads ) , marino ( marine ) , greco ( greek ), 
  and in doing so say fuck you to civil rights ? 
  why brother to do trials at that point why if we just start to directly to shoot people like in best korea ? ... 
  as much i would want him behind bars becoming a dictatorship to achieve this is a price a bit to hight imo . 
  that 's true on a general level and i honestly think that the present configuration of the statutes of limitations should modified ... but even if the parliament would have changed the law in recent times it would not apply to this case since is already undergoing . 
  ... what i founded annoying in the first comment was the implications that he was some how favorited or the fact that we should have not applied to him this principle like it or not he has the same right under trial that anybody else have . 
  sorry if this text is a bit convoluted, 
  what the judges were supposed to do to please you sir ? 
  ... gave up a guarantee like the statue of limitations just because the accused was him ? 
  he may be a horrible person , i personally do n't like him at all , but this does n't take away the fact that he has the same rights as any other person under a trial . 
  it 's in one of the most conservatives regions, 
  are mostly late transpositions of directives the joys of passing laws with perfect bicameralism ... 
  the today church is from 1625 but before this one there was another which was inaugurated in 1530 and prior to that there was xv century chapel, 
  nope unless she pass the next 18 years on italian territory, 
  what do you believe we have done in this years if not asking for more funds while receiving crumbs instead ? 
  yes i am . 
  using ultras to judge a country does n't work they are an extreme group by definition and moreover i could use the opposite example aka livorno fans to claim that italians are a bunch of commies ... 
  yes in sothern italy in particular in the past fascism has been seen in a more positive light than in central and north italy after all their part of the peninsula never passed thought the so called `` italian civil war '' being already under the allies . 
  the sentence `` ai suoi tempi i treni arrivavano in orario '' at least in my part of the country is used ironically against people who romanticize too much the past ( any kind of past ) . 
  msi was strong in the '70 and fini is not so eager today to declare that kind of political idea which can be considerate a symptom that the public opinion is not that much tolerant and for forza nuova they are a microscopic party ( 0,26 % of votes last election ) . 
  i do n't deny that there are italians who are apologetic to the past but i remain of the idea that are a minority while the wide majority of us sees fascism as an embarrassing chapter about what they do n't like to talk to much . 
  in synthesis we have to agree to disagree . 
  bah i ca n't speak for greece but i honestly do n't see a significant part of our population which praise mussolini ... any source ? 
  yes there are people who do but are some idiotic teen usually ... 
  source ? 
  and who wants to get involved in a scuffle between a old man armed with a broom wearing lederhosen and a crazy spinster with naked breasts who love to eat frogs ? ... we would just take out popcorn and start betting !!, 
   we can not take things out of context . 
  for very long time the church is the only thing that unites northern and southern italy , a country plagued by either fascist or communist ideas . 
  a ) north and south italy are never been on the brink of separation and the definitly the church is not the only thing that south , central and northern italy have in common b ) i find honestly funny that you consider the church an antidote to fascism in italy since the church loved mussolini  so yes the catholic church have a much larger role in italian politics as compared to rest of the western countries , in fact the italian legal system is so coherent with catholic doctrine that before the 2000s the state of vatican automatically adopt any civil and criminal codes once passed by italian parliament . 
  a ) the automatic conversation had been in place until 1970 when we introduced divorce and was put in place after the patti lateranensi ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lateran_treaty ) wich concluded the long period of tension the so called roman question ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_question ) and was mostly motivated by the fact that if you are a cauntry of 1 square km in the middle of another cauntry is handy having the same laws . 
   and you can legitimately say that renzi is making a bold move by defying the church . 
  yes his a bold move but not as bold as you make it seem our politicians have defied the curch in the past ( when the could not avoid it but still ) and , hell , just the event of our birth had been against church wishes . 
  edit : words, 
  should we be worried about south tyrol then ? 
  1 ) south tyrol was given to italy 1919 the italianization of place names started the 14/10/23 wich unless in south t. use a different calendar in s.t. 
  is after ( and was n't the only area that was afcted has i stated before ) 2 ) the rights were estended to trentino becouse the pm of the time was from there a man who `` hated '' so much austrians that started is career as an austro-hungarian mp !, 
  3 ) as i said twice before i 'm in favor of a referendum i simply do n't belive it will ever happen 4 ) to whom we should give back their propriety i hope you are not referring to people that left volontarly to became hitler ' s crimea colonizers, 
  a ) i alweys found that the forced italianization a south tyroleans , crotians , slovenians and other minorities one of the darkest pages of my country history and i never ever down played it b ) the changing of names of places was part of a larger crazy program of removal a foregin place names , surnames and even words and went on all over the country c ) i personally think that south tyroleans germonophone italophone and ladini should have the right to decide what them want to be austrian or italian with a referendum even if i do n't see it happening soond ) i simply enlighted the fact that what you said was complitly historically incorrect . 
  other italian here . 
  changing the situation would be a mess . 
  at the moment italy and austria have a treaty for the protection of the germonophone minority if s.t. 
  will pass to austria the 2 governaments would have to create an anologus treaty to garantee the protection italophone pop . 
  that is 1/4 of the pop . 
  of s.t. 
  ( and however i personally think that a referendum should be done it would never happen becouse : a ) both our and the austrian governament do n't want it b ) it will be incostitutional . 
  maybe you should refresh your history books . 
  south tyrol was given to italy just after ww1 before mussolini went to power in accordance with whom was estabilished in the london agreement that stated wath italy was going to recive at the end of the war if the entente would have won . 
  the reason why we wanted s.t. 
  was simply because the brennero pass is way more easy to defend as a border than the river adige ( wich is also the reason because the allies left it to us after ww2 ) . 
  impossible ,100 $ are less than the first shot of taxes . 
  anyway at the very least you have to pay 500 , but i do n't know a sigle person that menaged to spend less than 700 $ . 
  we never bailed out and we are one of the biggest contributors to eu budget . 
  but for you we all are a bunch of sothern ignorant peasants that can only beg attention to mighty germans . 
  do a favor to yourself and get lost . 
  keeping them conteined into southern italy alone would be by itself obteining an exceptional result . 
  andrangheta in not composed by two idiots on a montain in calabria with a gun is more like a multinational with revenues comparable whith those of coca cola . 
  they have their hands in every kind of business all over the continent : from hotels in the uk to eolic energy and money laundering in germany . 
  ah and they also have almost the monopoly of cacaine inports in europe . 
  they are a cancer , is not something that you eradicate overnight : it will require time , international cooperation and a lot of effort on noumerous fronts . 
  we have been fighting this war for long time and it will last long and in the effort many good people had their life ruined and some even died . 
  bravo , 
  were you went ? 
  no offence taken just curiosity ... btw we have the same policy so it will be an easy compromise i guess , 
  out of curiosity what is the position of denmark about prostituion ? 
  i just want to say that i totally agree with you . 
  or simpler you are way less in the need ukranian are naither sick , malnurished or drawning ad also the number of ukrenianenians are well inferior you have recevided in 3 years the same amount of people that greece recived in less than two munths ( july and august ) . 
  the two situation have are both difficult but one is way more urgent and complex than the other . 
  ask to be placed in the quota system and accept your burden as we will acept our quota like we already did with those arriving by sea, 
  i had that suspect ... unfortunately for him the star is connected with italian unification iconography and not with communism xd, 
  a ) we have this coat of arms from 1948 so is not exactly new b ) what are you impling ? 
  considering that before we voted in fevor of russian sanctions even if it was against our interests while you keep whining against migrants it 's not us that should do a honest thinking about action 's conseguences its some cauntries in estern europe, 
  except that the migrant crisis goes on since 90s when mrs merkel was just a easth german politician with little experience ... 
  also there is ferraogosto : celebrated on 15th of august was instituited by emperor augustus as an holyday to rest after strong agricultural work then for the catholic church became the celebration of the virgin mary 's assumpion . 
  now is the occasion for doing picnics on the beach, 
  i 'm from veneto ( venice region ) and honestly the only change that i can foresee if catulya become indipendet is that our indipendentist may become slightly more vocal not more than now . 
  keep in mind that they are a tiny minority often joked upon ( after all the serenissima died with napoleon 's italy campain ) . 
  people here want either a more federalistic shape of the state or the status of * regione a statuto speciale * which grants a series of autonomies from central state . 
  at the moment there are only 5 regions with the status of * regione a statuto speciale * : sicily , sardinia , aosta valley , friuli-venezia giulia and trentino-alto adige/sudtirol thanks to their historical and ethnic peculiarities .
