  that is what i 'm talking about . 
  i do n't see how it is the croats at fault that their government is dysfunctional while the serbian governemnt is competant . 
  you should know by now milanovic and his crew are all empty promises . 
  the refugees are/were able to freely flow out of serbia and into last stop croatia though . 
  if bosnia does the same and closes borders , serbia will follow . 
  as for bus comment from news site : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/17/croatia-overwhelmed-by-volume-of-refugees-crossing-from-serbia  but by thursday , after serbian officials bussed thousands of people from its hungarian border to its croatian one , the flashpoint had moved 120 miles south west . 
  i commend the serbian government for being able to handle the situation . 
  krnjavi is so critical of croat dick waving yet also waving his dick while bitching . 
  so i was mainly responding to that . 
  edit ; found news source about refugee buses . 
   most of us admit our nation is shit and acknowledge croatia is better . 
  how is your nation shit ? 
  and how is croatia better ? 
  you are the first serb i met on here to ever say that . 
  and you say most but , many of serbian flaired users on here claim serbia as superior . 
  bwe it moraly , economicly , culturaly and so on . 
  hence my general impression . 
   that time they have the freedom of movement and can buy buses and train tickets on their own accord . 
  as i said they flow from serbia to croatia . 
  serbia isnt purposley redirecting them there ? 
  as for bus comment from news site : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/17/croatia-overwhelmed-by-volume-of-refugees-crossing-from-serbia  news : but by thursday , after serbian officials bussed thousands of people from its hungarian border to its croatian one , the flashpoint had moved 120 miles south west . 
   do you believe everything you read on the internet ? 
  considering i 'm not there first hand to see what is happening and the news is flip flopping every second , yeah pretty much . 
  edit : found news source, 
  all romania wanted was friendship . 
  an you guys shut them down . 
  is but a noble cause to save western europe . 
   the moment hungary closed it 's borders , your government started putting them on buses , flooding the croatian border in 2 days time . 
  funny how he blanked out on that and yeah , croatia should have aided hungary in dealing with the refugee problem . 
   the moment hungary closed it 's borders , your government started putting them on buses , flooding the croatian border in 2 days time . 
  funny , i am getting shit for saying that but you are n't . 
  edit : grammer, 
   croats are just dicks with their dickwaving how they are always better than serbia serbs do the same . 
  and easy to talk when refugees are flowing through your nation . 
  croatia is the last stop for these refugees since slovenia wo n't take them . 
  before they would leave serbia to hungary to germany . 
  when they closed shop , serbia started bussing the refugees to croatia . 
  gee , what a neigborly thing to do . 
  considering superior serbian refugee accomidations right ? 
  but no . 
  keep making it a dick measuring contest of who has more refugees . 
  keep shitting on croatia for not being to handle the refugee problem serbia is dumping on them . 
  christ man ... 
  yeah passed through and ending up stationary in croatia needing to be processed . 
  what is your point ? 
  i was comparing croatia lasting not as long as hungary . 
  might as well put the whole country on stilts so no one gets in . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  croatia being a smaller and economically weaker nation that is . 
  you guys are in a shitty positon at the moment . 
  eu will use the refugee crisis as blackmail essentially to make you do what they want . 
   high commissioner zeid ( ra\u2019ad al hussein ) deplored the xenophobic and anti-muslim views that appear to lie at the heart of current hungarian government policy . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i thought it was 340,000 . 
  when did it double ? 
  ustase name calling in 3 ... 2 ... 1 . . 
  well that what they get for trying to be all politically correct . 
  you guys should have your own v4 . 
  to initiate cooperation and better relations . 
  hence why europeans would be shocked by our republicans . . 
  they are too good for sweden , it seems . 
  swedes just do n't meet their standards . 
  i doubt things will go bad this time . 
  i was saying that politicians using nationalism as a vote recruitment tool leads to problems as it did in the past . 
  but looking at the downvotes people think otherwise . 
  well , thanks for letting me know . 
  that guy 's story did seem off . 
   are acting like nationalists atm , they wont admit it but they are fueling the war vets protests , and since the younger generations dont have anything meaningfull to do ( like jobs , hobbies and shit ) they are following the same shit . 
  yeah ... fueling nationalistic sentiment did n't work to well before when it spiraled out of control in the 90 's . 
  was referring to him singling out a specific country . 
  you call your democrats right-wing ? 
  hehe . 
  you should see america 's right wing . 
  look up tea party movement . 
  i mean what neo-nazis , right ? 
  : http://i.imgur.com/qrfpnhw.jpg http://i.imgur.com/8axx0bk.jpg funny , one would think a romanian would be more understanding of the balkan nations . 
   our president is a right wing electoree that did n't spend the last 10y living in croatia . 
  wait really ? 
  i meant why specifically croatia ? 
  serbia has a problem with right wingers ( seselj and other politicians playing on anti-croat sentiment ) nationalists as well , yet things seem to be okay in terms of the refugee crisis . 
  he made it sound as if croatia is and is the only racist country in europe . 
   racially tickling croatia is a very bad idea . 
  what do you mean ? 
  things stayed tame in serbia , and things seem to be under control in croatia . 
   `` the migrants in sisak are ` refusing registration because they do n't want to claim asylum in croatia - their plan is to continue their trip to the western european countries ' '' source in croatian wow , so they escape persecution , make it to europe and then suddenly no country is good enough until they get to germany . 
  lol beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  huh , did n't think there were many croats left in rs after the war . 
  wait so was that guy 's story about that bank and that school completely false ? 
  why is he lying about it ? 
  well state universities are around 8-9k a year . 
  private colleges are expensive . 
  harvard is 40-45k . 
  could be you are a patriot then . 
  when i think of nationalists i think of people blindly in love with their country and refuse to see or admit to any flaws . 
  i do n't know . 
  but it 's nice to see you love your country enough to talk about the problems too . 
  quick question . 
  how has the wave of refugees going into serbia effected the country ? 
  has it been a major impact ? 
   gest campaign money and literally buys votes that is democracey at work .
