  ca n't tell if he is trolling or serious . 
  though his high upvotes is concerning . 
   of course they do , and stop trying to cheapen it . 
  one side is collateral from war well lets be honest . 
  was it all collateral ? 
  but i agree , the two situations are different . 
  one during peace time , other during war time . 
  i do n't condone war crimes , but it makes more sense when such things happen during a war instead of today during peace time . 
  but lets not pretend during the war , all was by the book . 
  it is an article about a guy kidnapped in libya . 
  amazing how this sparks a nationalist shitfest . 
  should be ended . 
  though it seems hdz wants to keep it . 
   your forget our dear diaspora that has 3 days to vote and is a major factor in choosing our ruling party . 
  can someone tell me why diaspora are allowed to vote on the decision of government that will effect the croatian nation in which they do n't even live in ? 
  who are these people ? 
  from around the world or just herzogvines ? 
  it is really amazing how damn close both parties are in elections . 
  even during the presidential elections . 
  pretty much two croatias . 
  missed it . 
  what the hell happened ? 
  i really hope those types of accounts are troll accounts . 
  though some of them post in r/serbia as well . 
  i 'm guessing the red stars are the `` communists '' intends to kick out ? 
  damn . 
  my country plans to take in 85,000 by 2016 and 100,000 more by 2017 ... 
  about how many asylum seekers did you guys have to take in so far ? 
  there should be mandatory inspections , one would think . 
  yeah , but released after 4 ? 
  seems insulting . 
  especially since they were over capacity . 
  there was an incident in the us where pyrotechnics lit flammable foam in a night club killing 100 people . 
  owner served 4 years in prison and 500 hours community service . 
  i do n't think anything changed with fire and safety laws after that . 
  sarumon cloned it . 
  dress up as a refugee and it might work . 
  let me know . 
  serbia had 800 asylum seekers . 
  i think croatia has the space , 
  tito was ruling yugoslavia . 
  [ excuse me ? 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/bfypzous4463e/giphy.gif ), 
  tungsten filament light bulbs ? 
  though it 's all about dat led now . 
  parachutes and torpedoes as well, 
  your neighbor croatia already did . 
  why only greece ? 
  also not having resources ! = not giving a fuck . 
  you have an overly simplified view of the situation . 
  i find it interesting how serbs brag about not having to close their border like those nazi croats , yet when faced with the same problem croatia had ( nowhere to have the migrants passed on to ) , they want to close their borders . 
  your pm is an idiot for turning your country into an open house , but at the time croatia 's situation was different than serbia 's . 
  no he is like this . 
  he once tried to justify genocide to me . 
  how is attacking the guy just because of what his flair happens to be , `` well said '' ? 
  if someone else said it , would it mean any different ? 
  the guy you replied to makes no sense . 
  the op is criticizing macedonia and serbia for not closing borders sooner , stopping the migrant crisis from happening in hungary and so forth to begin with . 
  nowhere did he say croatia is better at accepting migrants . 
  he is just switching the subject , as he usually does on this subreddit . 
  seems sassy insults win the up votes . 
  you ca n't compare the two situations . 
  one country has migrant entering and then exiting . 
  the other has migrant entering with nowhere to exit to . 
  now that serbia is facing the same problem of nowhere for the migrant to go . 
  they want to close their border . 
  a number of serbian commentators on here were bragging about how serbia can handle the refugee crisis just fine ( considering the refugees just move on to another country ) . 
  now that their neighbors closed up shop , seems they realize why . 
  [ :o ] ( http://lewamack.com/facebook/pics/confused-surprised-shocked-q/shocked-animated-rowan_atkison-a-shocked-mr-bean.gif ), 
  this is how wars are started . 
  we will raid remaining lego supplies . 
  he did n't say by force . 
  he means straight up no letting in migrants . 
  agreed . 
  was quite surprised at her diction and closer to neutral accent . 
  dude looks just like the pm , just black hair instead of blond . 
  but does he agree with the analogy , i mean ? 
  so hungarians are nazis for seeling borders ? 
  i 'm somewhat decent in croatian , so serbian should be fairly much the same . 
  i believe could . 
  is it long ? 
  i do n't want to take too much of your time with it . 
  wait so any country that stops taking them is evil ? 
   had a joint interview with boris tadi\u0107 and ivo josipovi\u0107 do they have articles online ? 
  would be an interesting read . 
  i sometimes look at b92 , but they seem biased at times . 
  and infoserbia , well ... 
  i mean it 's on front page . 
  you mean ignored by international community ? 
  oh just wait till he talks about the eu 's supposed puppet master , usa . 
  it always comes back to us . 
  i think he lost his mind . 
  that or very egotistical . 
  oh i know him . 
  he is crazy . 
  have spoken to him before . 
  insanely nationalistic . 
  but past few days it 's been people like votapmen , and serbian flared people posting about serbia and balkans in general . 
  i 'm not saying though that others do n't do it as well . 
  which looking at my downvotes other might assume that is what i meant .
