  also learn to read . 
  might help you avoid these future predicaments . 
  you can go ahead and have the last word if it makes you feel somewhat relevant . 
  but i 'm moving on . 
  continue your crusade against `` dem eval croatz . '', 
  christ , you make serbs probably cringe on here with your ignorance . 
  yeah , but i 'm always afraid that book or essay may have an agenda . 
  yes wikipedia uses snippets from the book , but the other parts of the book i do n't know . 
  then again what does n't . 
   my grandmother , along with my late uncle and my late father , who were babies at the time were saved by two domobrani . 
  wow , that is incredible . 
  were these serbian domobrani who saved them ? 
  also had no idea serbs were made to fight in that army too . 
   now , you can imagine he was n't the exception , who knows how many serbs , bosniaks , hungarians , slovenians , slovaks were forced to serve in domobrani and you can imagine what their relationship with it was . 
  there were croats who were forced as well id say based on my grandparents experience , grandfather served in royal yugoslav army , then when ustase came to power and he was told that he would now serve as domobrani , he fled . 
  he was then black listed and chased after , so went into hiding . 
  such a confusing and evil time . 
  there really is no black and white in the balkans . 
  edit : is there another placea beside wikipedia you would recomend to learn more about this era in the blkans ? 
  another question , did domobrani ever fight ustase , due to different views of violence against civilians , such as inner conflict ? 
  did any refuse to fight for ndh therefor ? 
  interesting , didnt know that about domobrani , thought they just had same views as ustase . 
  were domobrani themselves fascists in ideology ? 
  also , hah , communism , so terrifying that it got extremists to work together . 
  so domobrani were enemies with ustase , or did they work for them ? 
  chetniks in croatia collaborated but seemed to still be enemies with ustase . 
  can always count on you to give me a detailed summery . 
  you mentioned a slovenian chetnik outfit . 
  were n't turned off by serbian expansion . 
  also were there any croatian participation in chetnik forces , or was that pretty much a nono ? 
  lol, 
  why is n't there an english wiki for this guy ? 
  he seems like quite a relevant topic to be archived . 
  also for dra\u017ea mihajlovi\u0107 , was n't he head of the chetnik organization at the time ? 
  [ who were also engaged in some brutal endeavors ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks#terror_tactics_and_cleansing_actions ) at times mirroring [ ustase ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usta%c5%a1e#ethnic_and_religious_persecution ) . 
  there was still a royal yugoslav army in the region or was this a separate branch where he commanded both ? 
  the author seems to believe that rs was born out of war crimes and genocide , and there for supporting its existance is paying tribute to that . 
  thing is , rs has existed up to this point , best thing to do is to just let it be since it is the home of many right now . 
  you ca n't change the past , those who lived there are gone . 
  but i hope dodik focuses on helping croats and bosniaks who were forced to leave come back to their homes . 
  and therefor alow a more prosperouse future for rs for everyone . 
  i actualy didnt change that funny enough . 
  autocorrect must have changed , when i pressed reply . 
  i actualy spell it humour , heeh . 
   imagine if kolinda and vucic together called for peace , fight against discrimination etc. 
  it would have weight , especially since both of the are/were right wingers . 
  it can happen , one can only hope . 
  yeah the incident sebrinica took my by surprise . 
  it was n't right to stone him . 
  but it must also be understood that families of victims were very distressed . 
   but if two ex hardline nationalists go have drinks together , and both talk about peace and reconciliation . 
  it 's pretty fucking big deal . 
  perhaps shows that its all politics . 
  the anger , the dramatic speeches all for show . 
  they actually do n't hate each other end of the day . 
   i went totally off the topic . 
  i do n't care , nobody is going to read this anyway . 
  hopefully you will read it , as i spent 10 minutes typing it . 
  xd that i did and appreciate it . 
  will watch the video . 
   i 'd argue that it already has . 
  people in america are so afraid of offending anyone that they 're willing to water down humor to the point where it 's not even funny anymore . 
  i can attest that it has . 
  anything you say can get you in trouble . 
  even disagreeing in the workplace could lead to career problems . 
  especially in the last decade i think . 
  so would you say most russians look back at the ussr with contempt ? 
  also why did the russians not revolt and overthrow the bolsheviks ? 
  just questions.i really should read more into it . 
  seems he had family members who suffered because of tito . 
  who was known to `` take care of '' any who appose him . 
  commentator edited his comment so ca n't see what what else he said . 
  nothing wrong with posting his funeral pic . 
  it was a huge gathering . 
  believe margaret thatcher even attended . 
  what is the reason for such i high consumption of cigs ? 
  are they cheaper in your country ? 
  less awareness of health hazards ? 
   but duzs ( national protection and rescue directorate ) claims that they still do n't need any help , neither from rf nor from eu . 
  you 're kidding ... at least as an act of gratitude , they should accept help , even if they believe they do n't need it . 
   plenty of people in banja luka do n't accept this nationalist bullshit , and it 's among them that i 've made my friends . 
  we try to mark incidents and places and raise public consciousness of the crimes and genocide committed against non-serbs in banja luka , prijedor , srebrenica , and other towns in republika srpska . 
  along with our neighbours -- bosniaks and croats -- we mark the sufferings of all people in bosnia , though i focus on the crimes committed against non-serbs by serbs in the name of serbianhood . 
  good . 
  i hope to continue seeing all sides acknowledge history so as to never see it repeated again . 
   is there any such reckoning in banja luka , in republika srpska , in serbia ? 
  if there was , banja luka would n't be part of rs , and rs would not exist , because people would renounce the most shameful period in serbian history . 
  and that city would n't be the centre of denial of genocide and systematic war crimes . 
  it would not be a city of amnesia and forgetting of all that is not serbian . 
  this i do n't know about . 
  pretty sure many there do recognize crimes took place . 
  uk u ok, 
  had this been a magazine released in america , the media would explode . 
  a commentator said russia never wanted to form the ussr and that the russian vote was ignored . 
  is this true ? 
  i though russians were for ussr . 
  here we go . 
  i added stuff to my comment while you commented . 
  also sorry for my grammer , typing on phone . 
  yeah , like wise , reddit comments arent the best way to talk about senaitive matters such as these .
