  but one must remember this was an event constructed by ignorant right-wingers with no sense of decency . 
  not an official government commemoration . 
  also not sure if all attending were fascist supporters . 
  i mean , was it clear that this was a pro-ustase gathering or is it possible that not all in the crowd were anti-serb ? 
  but it could also be there are those who are fans of his more patriotic less nationalistic stuff . 
  i on the other hand would n't be caught dead at one of his concerts . 
  hate that guy . 
  [ but serbia would kick croatia 's ass , no ? 
  this post got more upvotes than the flag burning . 
  stop victimizing yourself . 
  you sure there is no future there ? 
  in the past 20 years , have n't things gotten better ? 
  it seems it has . 
  nationalism in a nutshell . 
  they do n't love their country . 
  they are in love with their country . 
  he is basically the croatian version of seselj , except he sings and tries to hide his bigotry . 
  they both pander to nationalists and fascists ideologies except seselj is open about it . 
  thompson is a fucking idiot and his concerts attract some of the the most awful people . 
  and 90,000 is 2 % of the croatian population . 
  if we want to talk numbers . 
  if 2 % is considered trivial , than why is it more substantial when it is croatian ? 
  i hope you can realize that out of a population of 4.2 million people , people like this are a minority . 
  not to mention i doubt all 90,000 of attendees chanted such horrid things . 
  thompson is a nationalist neo-nazi who panders to lowlifes . 
   knin , where the concert was held , once the capital of republika srpska krajina , was overrun in the operation storm . 
  before the war knin was inhabited 85 % by serbs , now the number is down to 23 % . 
  well , lets talk about the whole story then . 
  such as the over 100,00 croats ( 170,000 total non-serbs ) forced out ( not fleeing ) from krajina . 
  which from 91 ' to 92 went from 52 % serb and 36 % croat to 88 % serb and 7 % croat . 
  not to mention :  the military operation [ operation storm ] also allowed croatian authorities access to areas where , as of march 2012 , a total of 144 mass and 1,200 individual graves have been discovered , in which a total of 3,809 croatian civilians and military personnel were buried . 
  also during wwii , the ustase were accompanied by the [ chetniks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks ) serbian royalist fighters who [ engaged in genocidal brutalities ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks#terror_tactics_and_cleansing_actions ) to create an ethnically pure `` greater serbia '' , of which such methods used to kill matched the violence of the ustase . 
  i feel you are using thompson to somehow prove operation storm was an evil event . 
  hence the title talking only discussing serbian refugees . 
  when it actually won croatia territory back that was n't even part of krajina let alone krajina itself as well . 
  it is a bitter sweet event in history . 
  it is n't black and white . 
  edit : i mean look at the fight during albania vs serbia earlier this year . 
  only serbians were allowed to attend and they chanted `` kill the croats so the albanians have no allies ! '', 
   i know , i like his stuff . 
  some of his more docile patriotic songs i understand . 
  but there are other songs that are quite vile . 
  what `` stuff '' of his do you like exactly ? 
  guy is a fraud . 
  he could at least own up to what his theme is and the types of fans he attracts . 
  minority represents the majority ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  they get first dibs . 
  only fair . 
  they just ca n't catch a break . 
  i hope you mourn for the non-serbs that were butchered or forced to leave as well . 
  any article on the ones that did show up ? 
  you forgot uk . 
   it seems that the only thing that really held the serbs together was the hatred of the croats , so i guess that 's why their leaders are trying to stir up those old hatreds today , a kind of desperate and fucked up way of achieving `` national unity '' ... can always count on nationalism . 
  this was happening during the yugoslav wars ? 
  do n't recall reading about his . 
  what year do you live in ? 
  space tokens ? 
  what a fantastic way to measure economic standings !, 
  shall we just use beer as currency then ? 
  what does it matter if he criticizes his own government if the first sentence seems inaccurate ? 
  or perhaps you know that already . 
   20 years ago croatia committed ethnic cleansing of its native serb population . 
  ever since they are celebrating the event as their national day . 
  you miss that part ? 
  the whole operation one big ethnic cleansing that croats gather to celebrate ? 
  that sounds bigoted . 
  my comment is to make it clear that it was not an operation to expel hundreds of thousands from croatia by force . 
  as it was done in 93 ' to croats living in krajina and in rs . 
  it is no secret , tudjman and his cabinet had little sympathy for the serb populace . 
  he did nothing to make them feel safe nor welcome . 
  it is a fact that war crimes were committed during the operation . 
  but the operation itself being one , no . 
  it was not one big ethnic cleansing . 
  many fled since they saw their soldiers were defeated and fleeing , therefore , out of fear of revenge , left as well . 
  i feel it is being changed to fit a different narrative to make it so . 
   bumfuck , croatia not familiar with that town . 
  yeahhhh ... 
  i do n't think you want more children born out of wedlock . 
  tends to correspond to increase in street crime . 
  quite misleading . 
  especially when it was evacuations called on by serbian generals and milosevic 's desertion of krajina . 
  icty courts agree . 
  just changes to historical accounts to fit political needs . 
  any articles or links on that ? 
   you were always the most undeveloped nation and you still are . 
  that sounds like bullshit , sorry . 
   with all the might of yugoslav people 's army they could n't create half of greater serbia . 
  was always surprised by that myself . 
  and yugoslavia had decent military equipment . 
  ummmm ... wow ... 
  america sent generals to come though . 
  why did we ? 
  to show russia what 's for ? 
  this is begin done to show off nato 's presence in the balkans . 
  serbs have every right to mourn . 
  it was bitter sweet depending what side . 
  just as war generally is . 
  yep , see one chav . 
  surely proves evil atmosphere ...
