  headline reads like something out of a cold war film ... 
   much like with israel i feel like america heavily protects israel and their actions while palestine is left in the dust . 
  he chooses not to know , for it will cut his bullshit in two . 
   the sooner you accept that all ~ ~ serbs ~ ~ croats are pure evil and all other ex-yugoslavs were blameless victims , the better . 
  is what we know you really want to say . 
   do you think i care about what israel is accused of doing to enemies ? 
  yes . 
  crimes against humanity are to be shunned . 
   so i welcome efforts to guilt trip me , as i find it amusing . 
  you seem off edge . 
  as do i , find you trying to derail the conversation and guilt trip me . 
  there should . 
  so you agree with me then ? 
  does n't really negate what he said . 
  not to mention , tudjman was a scumbag . 
  also really ? 
  like serbs are one to talk about historical revisionism . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical_revisionism_ ( negationism ) #serbian _ war_crimes_in_the_yugoslav_wars https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/report_about_case_srebrenica textbooks too wwii https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks#serbia, 
   easier said then done , yes i know . 
  bosnia has always had a mix of ethnicities . 
  also , what difference does it make if i am an american or not ? 
  should i hold you accountable for the killings of palestinians and further expansion onto their land done by your country ? 
  drawn up by seselj in an insane asylum i presume ? 
  its seems some think of it personally . 
  as if admitting to some of the crimes means they themselves are also guilty , which is ridiculous . 
  acknowledge and move on . 
  denial is only going to further strain relations in the region . 
  a number of serbs seem to think they are thr only ones placed as bad guys . 
  that is not true and is a false narrative . 
  thing is of the whole war , the largest acts were of a certain side . 
  so that side gets most media attention . 
  and the side with most casualties gets most sympathy . 
  im talking about organized crime . 
  targeting civilians . 
   do n't know a side in a war that did n't commit crimes still crimes though . 
  crimes that should not be forgotten and made heroic . 
  that was my argument . 
  not that they were the only ones ... 
  quite a large population even the government labeled him and his organization as entirely antifascists and heroes . 
  that is the concern . 
  they collaborated with whoever seem fit . 
  is it really proven that his trial was not proper . 
  or is it just because communists organized the trial ? 
   your president gave him legion of merit , you even gave him monument lol . 
  i know , though that was because chetniks did some good in saving american pilots . 
  not much more was known at the time . 
   us ambassador in belgrade michael polt said that `` the only reason for giving of the decoration to general mihailovich was because he had save the lives of 500 american pilots in wwii '' but it does n't excuse collaboration and mass murdered by chetnik factions as well . 
  things draza was aware of . 
  letters approved by him discussing mass murder of civilians . 
  there were films made praising the chetniks as well , but soon after were destroyed or hushed up after crimes committed by chetnik forces were learned about . 
   his rehabilitation ca n't be taken as anti eu sentiment not ani-eu , just repulsive as far as humanity is concerned . 
  that boggles my mind . 
  only more violence and misery will befall the region if entities start being removed . 
  legally or illegally . 
  yeah , but there is no way in hell `` look , even you say it was a genocide '' , could allow them to remove rs . 
  rs is there now , nothing one can do . 
  does n't matter how it was formed . 
  bosnian needs to work together for the future . 
  easier said then done , yes i know . 
   the court only said that the trial was not fair , which whether you like him or not is true . 
  debatable . 
  especially by serbs who 's families were killed or attacked by `` hero '' chetniks for being communists . 
   massacre , war crimes , crimes against humanity - maybe . 
  maybe ? 
  eeeeeeasily debatable . 
  there are multiple accounts proving that at the very least , it was a massacre , a crime against humanity . 
  defend it all you want , though . 
  well i 'm not saying veto power is a bad thing . 
  though i doubt recognizing sebrenica would spark wwiii ...  im saying it was n't genocide . 
  that 's fine . 
  we all have views . 
  recent rehabilitation of chetniks , rehabilitation of draza mihajlovic and now refusal of admitting that a genocide occurred in sebrenica . 
  its not like serbia itself is accused of committing it . 
  serbia 's neighbors are far from perfect as well . 
  us also refuses to talk about its skeletons too . 
   have one entity removed from bosnia on the grounds that it was founded on genocide europe is trying to remove rs from bih ? 
  could you link that ? 
   which , i 'm sure , many of you here would like seems serbs want this , given recent events in serbia . 
  eu wants as many in the eu as they can . 
  except for turkey of course . 
  mississippi and alabama do n't recognize it ... ca n't say i am surprised . 
  i 'm talking about public opinion and history . 
  un can , if they wanted to for some reason , claim nazis did n't commit genocide . 
  people will still believe they did . 
  beside why are you using un decision as justification , when our argument is about the un decision itself ? 
  that 's like arguing a court case where the defendant is found innocent , and when people ask why they are innocent , you use that very court case claiming he is innocent to prove he is innocent in that court case . 
  thanks !, 
  as for downvotes , i did n't , but perhaps there are some who are uneasy about a guy thanking russia for vetoing against acknowledgement . 
  both [ icj ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_genocide_case#judgment ) and [ european parliament ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/european-parliament-condemns-srebrenica-genocide ) claim it genocide . 
  one veto from russia in un ca n't overturn the other two . 
  rest of un representatives agree . 
  it is still a genocide whether official from un or not . 
  and whether you like it or not . 
  nope , nikolic refuses to admit it was a genocide . 
  i know they apologised for but the point is not for serbs to feel bad . 
  that is not the point . 
  `` we do not need someone to kneel and ask for forgiveness . 
  we want to hear the serbian president and serbia say the word genocide , '' she said . '', 
  this quote says it perfectly . 
  years after courts ruled it genocide and now serbia says nah ?
