  secret weapon against opponents . 
  uk swallowing ireland in whole !, 
  yeah , but seselj is a bigot , batshit crazy . 
  just going by newspapers . 
  he seemed like a decently popular guy . 
  but if what you said is true , fair enough . 
  he definatley has more than 300 though . 
  there was a video with few thousand supporters at his chetnik rally . 
  also , how do you feel about the rehabilit of the chetniks and draza by the serbian government ? 
  had croats rehabilitated pavelic that would be blood boiling , no ? 
  not to mention , chetniks seem to be quite popular in serbua , despute the fact they mirdered many serbian communists , hence the controversy in the country . 
   ahahaha = u = tv propaganda machine . 
  really ? 
   am i defending chetniks here ? 
  same nazi shit as ustasa . 
  glad you agree . 
   except nazis do n't get such a welcoming treatment anywhere but in croatia again : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neo-nazism  nah , i am nazi apologist with us flair . 
  you can see from my comments my strong feelings against thompson and his extreme fans , that i hate nazism . 
  and i can not put in words , the range i experience when i see croats participating in this shit . 
   guy and his 300 followers this guy has support from 2-3 % of serbia alone not including rs . 
  that is 140,000 to 210,000 . 
   nope how is it a minority when it is a group less than majority ? 
  also , do you straight up hate croats ? 
  i 've have visited there . 
  did n't see nazism or u symbols . 
  no open support for fascism . 
  you are right to be offended when you do see neo-nazis but they are in the minority . 
  countless other nations have these types of people , look : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neo-nazism, 
  brings a tear of freedom to my eye . 
  thanks !, 
  good work keeping your composure , 
  ** democracy is non-negotiable **, 
   what were they protesting ? 
   naaah  what was the context ? 
   nope . 
  got it . 
  [ i think he payed us a visit ... ] ( http://www.blueboard.com/mantis/pics/full/news_killershrimp.gif ), 
  huh , guy on b92 website made same comment . 
  written in your style too . 
   it 's reminiscent of the nazis trying to ignore jesse owen 's achievements at the berlin olympics . 
  oops !, 
  we are talking about nazis so no surprise here . 
   the video , only a few seconds long , was broadcast `` following pressure from the public , '' this country spoke up and made hrt broadcast the ceremony . 
  blame the eggheads at the station not the people . 
   `` for some unknown reason , hrt ended the broadcast on saturday evening just before the beginning of medals ceremony '' the reason was being sore losers . 
  mah , spare the overreaction melodrama . 
  no need to get so defensive . 
  merely stating my view of the situation . 
  if you are inept of looking from other viewpoints , then there is nothing more to discuss . 
  it gives the squid a certain kick . 
  that is a big dacia, 
  [ need to summon zrinski ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfvsjelcjfm ), 
  1 year `` is fuppen immortal yet ? '', 
  did n't even know this was a thing on reddit, 
   italian customs police have seized 49 kilograms ( 108 pounds ) of pure cocaine hidden in a container transporting frozen totani , a kind of squid , on a cargo ship from argentina . 
  you keep mentioning this todoric character . 
  so what , he is untouchable or something ? 
  by flag you mean the checkerboard with crown ? 
  ustase flag has u on it . 
  i can not blame anyone for feeling threatened . 
  during that time , it was all chaos . 
  but i doubt the majority of croats were supporting neo-nazi sentiment at that time . 
  it was definitely being magnified . 
  thing is there was a mix . 
  both croatian separatists and neo-nazis wanted a new independent croatia . 
  but that does not mean they both share the same mentality . 
  serbs were officially called upon to stay in croatia shortly before the operation . 
  operation storm that is . 
  i bring this up in discussion about fear in the area . 
  it seems the croatian government was aware , the serbian populace was not very trusting of the government . 
  even milan babi\u0107 , president of krajina at the time , stated during his trial that `` during the events , and in particular at the beginning of his political career , he was strongly influenced and misled by serbian propaganda '' also ,  during the trial against general tihomir bla\u0161ki\u0107 ( later convicted of war crimes ) , ivica mlivon\u010di\u0107 , croatian columnist in slobodna dalmacija , tried to defend the general by presenting a number of claims in his book zlo\u010din s pe\u010datom about the alleged genocide against croats ( most of it unproven or false ) , which was considered by the trial chambers as irrelevant for the case . 
  after the conviction , he continued to write in slobodna dalmacija against the icty presenting it as the court against croats , with chauvinistic claims that the icty can not be unbiassed because it is financed by saudi arabia ( i.e. 
  muslims ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_during_the_yugoslav_wars#croatian_media propaganda , i believe , was the main culprit for these wars occurring . 
  thing is , it was way to effective . 
   last time croatia was independent in 41 ' and there is the problem . 
  trying to make 91 ' and 41 ' the same thing . 
  the constitution even made sure to grant minorities with equal rights as any citizen . 
  big difference from pavelic 's anti-serb document . 
  milosevic 's propaganda that made croats out to be the second coming of the ustase movement was what made croatian serbs feel this way . 
  edit : i am more aware of the history there than you might think . 
  how am i shamming you ? 
  i think america 's dirty laundry is flapping in the breeze for all to see already . 
   both sides are guilty of dindunuffin mentality you miss that in my comment ? 
  you are more than happy to shame your neighbor . 
  so be open about your laundry also . 
  not saying that is all that happened , but it occurred during the beginning of the `` yugoslav war era '' and absolutely did n't make relations better . 
  that means serbian ca n't talk and croats and bosnians ca n't either ? 
  still waiting for good sources proving the guys guilt . 
  also , just because i am american , does n't mean i approve of my government . 
  that is such an old cop-out . 
   this is horrifying !, 
  absolutely horrifying -- the thought that anyone could half ass their depraved fanfiction maps like this scares me to no end !, 
  haha !, 
  nah i think serbs in croatia should not of ethnicly cleansed their croatian neigbors from krajina . 
  you think maybe that made trust a bit of an issue at the beginning ? 
  milosovic lead a campaign to radicalize croatian serbs . 
  and it sadly worked . 
  they were autonomies . 
   agrokor 's pr ( croatia 's politics ) benefits because of the preserved threat of the `` outer enemy '' ( that has been one of the major fuels for them and the fucks from which they derived ) .
