   but political entities have no right to exist on their own merit so you agree with my comment . 
  krajina could not exist . 
  was a political entitie that manifested itself through nationalism . 
  never existed before 1991 . 
  the socialist republic of croatia existed since 1943 and was a fully fledged republic with guaranteed right to succeed according to the yugoslav constitution . 
  its a fact . 
  you not being aware of that and yet comment as if krajina and croatian independence were the same thing was what annoyed me . 
  krajian was also mixed as well with croats and serbs and was croatian territory , both historically and officially document wise according to yugoslavia . 
  like rs , krajian was an invented state that formed out of ethnic cleansing . 
  not only are they not real , but were also formed illegally against codes of ethic , human rights and yugoslav constitutional law . 
  at least crimea existed and is historically russian . 
  croatian socialist republic was , under the yugoslav constitution , legally allowed to succeed . 
  krajina was never a republic or autonomous territory but a new formed self declared territory never recognized under yugoslav administration . 
  that is the difference . 
  please read up on the events that transpired in the region before making uneducated accusations . 
  like you equating low iq with being american ? 
  yep , not only are you hypocritical , but your humor is dryer than the sahara, 
  yes, 
  they are the viruse . 
   should n't jokes be funny ? 
  jokes are funny when you have a sense of humor ... 
  i simply though that since they were commissioned by tito and were built during yugoslavia , that that was the reason . 
  that those who demolished it did n't have nazism in mind . 
  i 'm not justifying it though . 
   being made by a serbian guy given that [ vojin baki\u0107 was quite popular in croatian architecture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vojin_baki%c4%87 ) , i think it was demolished for being seen as a symbol of socialist times and yugoslavia . 
  would be nice to see them restored . 
  quite extraordinary looking structures . 
  a silly article i thought people might get a kick out of . 
  only further proof , southern-slavs are an alien race from planet zergonovicic . 
  that 's were they get you , that 's the catch !, 
   nobody is denying that serbs were of the least victims and the main instigators . 
  then this must be your first time on the internet . 
  because every balkan related article on reddit or news sites is filled with nationalists claiming serbia was set up , civilians killed in croatia , bosnia , etc were disguised soldiers etc. 
  i do n't often see croats or bosnians claiming all serbs are evil as i see serbian commentators stating such about them on here . 
  not all but a noticeable amount . 
  some so vile moderators have to step in . 
  i have seen two croatian accounts post hate so far . 
   all that we are saying is that you stop focusing on us so much my theory is that this is happening because of what i stated before . 
  bad eggs in large amounts posting the opposite of what you say . 
  pretending `` their side '' was the true innocent ones and the other side ustase 2.0 , pure evil . 
  of course you will get retaliatory remarks for this . 
  it 's not right , but happens . 
  i think what happens then is that you get flack and get lumped into the same group as them , and then there is this back and forth arguing . 
  i agree . 
  tudjman 's did little to nothing to infirm confidence in the local serb populations . 
  but later on belgrade turned their backs to those very serbs as well . 
  was a fucked up situation . 
  in your opinion , what should have been done with the situation in croatia at the time with krajina ? 
  considering that croatia was a republic , majority were for independence . 
  krajian was not a republic or autonomy , but a region with a mix of serbs and croats . 
  should krajina have become a separate country then ? 
  you do realize most of the entities that make up the government in croatia are ex communists decedents of partisans right ? 
   eu forcing serbians to be nice with ex-nazis there were serbian collaborators as well . 
  though not to the same extent as the croats . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territory_of_the_military_commander_in_serbia#racial_persecution  ex-nazis who colaborated with hitler and got their `` country '' from hitler hitler made this ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_republic_of_croatia  makes my blood boil nah that 's just your blind hatred doing that . 
  [ ... the country would be likely to face ~ ~ military action ~ ~ a stern talking to if it were to join nato . ], 
  fart jokes are still welcome . 
  if by serbia you mean the serbian government , yes . 
  they seem to be . 
  now looking at milosevic 's regime , did he or his gov orchestrate these ethnic cleansing ? 
  there is no direct evidence . 
  though he was supporting rebel serb militias . 
  but they did nothing to stop it either . 
  ( i am talking about bosnia . 
  kosovo i think he had ill intent ) . 
  tudjman did nothing to stop war crimes by croatian forces on serb civilians as well . 
  to say nato bombed belgrade for no reason is idiotic . 
  to say the nato bombings were proper is also idiotic . 
  many civilians were killed in the attacks , one would expect better precision from such a large and advanced military organization . 
   if youre going to accuse someone of war crimes and play the victim card air your own dirty laundry first . 
  well said . 
   serbia ? 
  and what about muslim , croatian and albanian military/paramilitary troops abuse , tortures and genocides ? 
  true . 
  that is another matter . 
  but was n't the discussion here nato and serbia ( then yugoslavia ) ? 
   and the same fucking thing must be applied on every other balkan countries/region involved in such things . 
  precisely . 
  the problem i have is that there have been commentators with serbian flair ( no proof they are actually serbian , trolls i hope ) who act as if serbs were the largest if not only victims in the entire 90 's era . 
  that the others were the real bad guys and civilians killed there were actually secret soldiers ... . . who happen to be unarmed and no armor or military markings . 
  this might be why people give serbs an especially hard time , because of the impression they get . 
  then serbs get the impression that those very people are demonizing them . 
  then we get this cycle of back and forth banter . 
  he was the one who said serbia will determine if he went or not right ? 
  seems the serbs have spoken . 
  what is sop ? 
  could easily been another country . 
  seems america is n't liked by some , hehe . 
  i assumed that was the message of whoever did that . 
  more productive than your recent comments . 
  making progress !, 
  both on reddit for 2 months . 
  appear to have a passionate hatred for each others heritages . 
  and live outside your flairs . 
  you guys should mos def mingle !, 
   what ? 
  you guys share so much in common , that 's all . 
  you should embrace it . 
  yes you are ... you 're not doing much good for the serbian image based on your comments , buddy .
