   my idiotic comment was not about croats only about panonia . 
  no worries then , hence my second part of my comment previously . 
  panonia is a scumbag fascist . 
   i am half croat and i am of croatian decent as well . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , i mean this in general , but you can be half croat but not be proud of it and prefer to identify with the other half . 
  not saying you are but in general . 
  also really no need to state your ethnicity . 
  i agree and disagree with comments based on merit and substance . 
  i do n't upscale or downscale them based on who it is . 
  whether slovenian , croatia , serbian , albanian and so on . 
  edit : used same quote twice . 
  this guy has quite the time on his hands . 
  i just said what caused the rebellion . 
  but there are some on here that make it seem hitler was emotionaly impacted but what happened when he actualy only cared about getting more troops on the eastern front . 
  infact there was a person on here that used that wrong example to justify why the nazis were n't apparently that bad , or the worst of wwii . 
   re called out by hitler apparently for being too harsh . 
  well , called out for strategic reasosn not humane ones . 
  i keep seeing people on here misquote that . 
  lets not try to change hitler into a humane person , hah . 
   according to reports by general glaise-horstenau , hitler was angry with paveli\u0107 , whose policy inflamed the rebellion in croatia , thwarting any prospect of deploying ndh forces on the eastern front . 
  [ 42 ] moreover , hitler was forced to engage large forces of his own to keep the rebellion in check . 
  from wiki, 
  heh , what did he say ? 
  his comment is deleted . 
  while yes , hitler could n't of cared less about brutality he was worried about uprisings ; are you really claiming ustase where the victim ? 
  who needs propoganda when your enemies sadism speaks for itself ? 
  and stop saying `` we '' . 
  why are you trying to blanket all croats under your fucked ideology and why are you such an advicate for fascism ? 
  there is a difference between caassualties of war vs rounding civillians and executing them in concentration camps . 
  now i 'm not in full support of blindly celebrating generals but your nazi comment about croats was idiotic at best . 
  except if you ment just him because he is a nazi actually . 
  haha , remember seeing that `` eu = yu '' graffiti around zagreb at times . 
  considering slovenia 's better economy , i do n't think many people here grasped the concept of living in vs vacationing in . 
  we need to do a kickstarter for / u/spacemastertom stat . 
  hehe , that 's how clear the water is . 
  hope to go visit again some day . 
  what do you mean ? 
  hehe , i 'm guessing serbs from kosovo are quite anti-eu ? 
  he just changed it . 
  guess he did n't expect to get his link on front page . 
   we were n't genociding those orthodox shitskins in wwii for nothing . 
  thompson would be proud . 
  you literally said it would be an insult to nazis to call an extremist croat a nazi . 
  even though hitler wanted to wipe a ethnic group from the planet . 
  well , outraged not for moral reasons but for strategic ones . 
   `` according to reports by general glaise-horstenau , hitler was angry with paveli\u0107 , whose policy inflamed the rebellion in croatia , thwarting any prospect of deploying ndh forces on the eastern front . 
  [ 42 ] moreover , hitler was forced to engage large forces of his own to keep the rebellion in check . '', 
   '' hitler disagreed with his commanders , but pointed out to paveli\u0107 that the ndh could create a completely croat state only if it followed a constant policy of persecution of the non-croat population for at least fifty years . '', 
  yeah , what a human being . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independent_state_of_croatia edit : grammar, 
  [ no he is just saying that booty just wo n't quit . 
  ] ( http://mtv.mtvnimages.com/uri/mgid:file:http:shared:mtv.com/news/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/101123-the-rock-eyebrow-gif-imgur-mnqd-1435004984.gif ), 
  all the generals ? 
  so mass murder of civilians should be ignored and allowed as just a part of war ? 
  no boundaries just all or nothing ? 
   a simple look at our actions in the middle east will disabuse you of any notions of human decency . 
  fail to see what that has to do with the hauge and the yugoslav wars . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  got ta start somewhere . 
  and i do n't look at my country for moral guidance . 
  indeed , and some in eastern ones as well as we see in the link . 
  are you really saying that those who were guilty of war crimes are only so because they lost ? 
  so all serbs have been labled criminals ? 
  nope . 
   however , serbian campaign in kosovo was not defined by war crimes , crimes were the exception , not the rule - i agree . 
  it is unfair to blanket it as a mass crime as some claim it . 
  war ctime were comitted , but were not planned . 
  it was isoalted incidences , the perps of which deserved punishment . 
  you mean war heroes !, 
  you misstyped . 
  it 's okay . 
  of course . 
  any court that disagrees with your views is a sham . 
  if serbian , he is not a war criminal . 
  it is impossible for a serb to do such a thing . 
  world is anti-serbian . 
   this croatian area was depopulated from most of its serbian population in 1995 , when the croat army moved forward . 
  not depopulated by the army . 
  which is important to note . 
  it was evacuation based on information by local leaders that for safet , they must flee . 
  more can be learned here for thos not familiar . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm  most of the original homeowners are n't those that have control over the houses in the croatian legal system today . 
  is the croatian goverment actively blocking serbian refugees from returning ? 
  you mean the underground ? 
  heard it was panned for being payed to be made by milosovic , hehe . 
  that guy is fucken insane . 
  you literally posted the link and preached against nazism . 
  yet being a croat is all that is needed to justify degrading you for him . 
   curse words , insults and colorful language are one of the fruits of civilisation . 
  more than curse words , if you are at all an honest person . 
  funny an uncivilized person such as your self talk about civilization . 
   suck my circumcised hairy cock you nazi apologist . 
  was i even asking you anything ? 
  yet you replied to my other comment that was n't even addressed to you ... what in the fuck is your problem ? 
  a croat could say `` nice weather we are having to day '' and you 'd probably respond with '' i hope your children die '' . 
  where did i apologize for nazis ? 
  you are one of the most despicable people i have come across . 
   yeah serbs caused shit in croatia and jews caused shit in germany in 1939 ... 
  pretty sure jews never waged genocide or ethnic cleansing on anyone . 
  no to mention , implement rape camps .
