  despite the guy calling that place his `` homeland '' . 
   serbia : nikola tesla tesla was born in serbia ? 
   croatia : nikola tesla i suggest you take refuge somewhere safe if you value your life . 
   croatia : ivo andric well , i mean he is a croat , but from bosnia . 
  it 's stupid because it will only enable further behavior like that . 
  simple . 
  those politicians are very talented in manipulating history . 
  terrifying really . 
  i do n't get the croatia expansion part . 
  would imagine bih split between croatia and serbia instead . 
  also i see what you did there with the croat coat of arms , 
  for what ? 
  it was the greater albania flag that started the rioting . 
  both sides should be punished . 
  soon , pretty soon . 
  thought he meant language . 
  not according to how our media spins it . 
   russian is a drunk mans speech really ? 
  russian always seemed more like a precise , robotic type of language . 
  almost like german of the slavic languages . 
  and what is exactly wrong with jebem te , picka ti materina koji je to kurac ? 
  thanks for the sound reply . 
  some of the anti-american comments on this sub are astounding . 
  especially the one british guy . 
  i agree , both are wild cards being used to shake up a systems many americans feel they have no control over . 
  considering all the candidates are entertainers , what choice is there ? 
  it is naive to think americans are dumb folk who are looking for entertainers . 
  considering our dwindling economy and unemployment , people feel they lost reins of their government to corporate backed politicians . 
  trump is used as a protest prop more than a respected candidate . 
  he wo n't win the election . 
  do n't worry . 
  the fact that many on here think so little of the american public is concerning . 
  this + + +, 
  was going to say . 
  did i have dejavu ? 
  he seems to really be playing both sides . 
  now even getting friendly with obama too . 
  hah , yes . 
  i could n't put my finger on what the photo reminded me of . 
  except he was replying with same subject matter . 
  i think that is what 's going on . 
  the joke is a bit too well played . 
  who is this middle-aged hipster and what is she talking about ? 
  you said earleir  bosnia is n't a nation . 
  it 's a country with multiple nations in it . 
  stop being such a ` murican . 
  i assumed you meant by nations the federation and rs being the two . 
  what else were you refering ? 
  also bih is a nation . 
  as my link showed . 
  you may not see it that way , but the world does . 
  you said rs was a nation . 
  bih is a nation rs is purley an entity within . 
  but whatever , call it whatever you want if that makes you happy . 
  the outside world disagrees with you . 
  i posted sources confirming my post . 
  i am not talking shit . 
  not sure why you are so hostile . 
  i am done repeating myself . 
   because serbs were the largest ethnic group in yugoslavia ( although , far from a majority ) , thus , they could dominate the country , if their nationalism was left unchecked . 
   croats and slovenes , catholic nationalities with closer historical ties with the west , needed to keep serbs in check . 
  there was unofficial saying `` weak serbia - strong yugoslavia '' . 
  simply put , serbian nationalism was seen as a threat to yugoslav unity . 
  to some extent , same could be said for croatian nationalism - those two were the most important nations in yugoslavia . 
  carving out two provinces out of serbia ( which were like republics in many aspects ) was meant to level the playing field , and to shrink the relative influence of serbia . 
  another user on here ( niko ) said that it was the serbs who wanted to keep yugoslavia existing . 
  why would they want to keep something in existence that limited them yet other ethnic groups did n't ? 
  i read that milosevic was favoring serbs . 
  is that plainly it?not arguing with you , just wonder what your thoughts on that are . 
   yugoslavia was rearranged by tito post ww2 to limit serbian influence why is that ? 
  if that is true , why make belgrade the capital ? 
   hungary is a good ally too , however the relations are a bit strained lately , mostly because of our ridiculous goverment . 
   also did n't britain recognize croatia early on too ? 
   well ...  ` helmut kohl requested immediate recognition of croatia in the bundestag on 4 september 1991 . 
  germany was criticized , mostly by united kingdom , france and the netherlands , that its rapid recognition of croatia would aggravate finding peace settlement . ', 
   ' on 10 october 1991 , two days after the croatian parliament confirmed the declaration of independence , the eec decided to postpone any decision to recognize croatia for two months . 
  german foreign minister hans dietrich genscher later wrote that the eec decided to recognize croatian independence in two months if the war had not ended by then . 
  with the war still ongoing when the deadline expired , germany presented its decision to recognize croatia as its `` policy and duty '' . 
  german position was fully supported by italy and denmark . 
  france and the uk attempted to prevent german recognition of croatia by drafting a united nations resolution requesting that no country take unilateral actions which might cause the situation in yugoslavia to get worse . ', 
   source . 
  i though i read margaret thatcher was in favor of croatia 's independnce . 
  perhaps that was later on . 
  hehe , gee i wonder why . 
  rs is not a country like the other 2 . 
  it is an entity within the country of bih . 
  lile a state within the us . 
  if us were in that pic , the us flag would be used . 
  crnaruka is a known redditor who does this stuff known purpose to cause fights and arguments . 
  better to take this thread down . 
  they all have serbian flairs but whatever . 
  i know they a definetly not muslim . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mbr22/visegr%c3%a1d_vi%c5%a1egrad_and_vy%c5%a1ehrad/cve8enm they refer to rs as being in a nation . 
  i went by wikipedia which refers to rs as a entity within bih as well . 
  no where online did i ever see rs refered to as a nation . 
  bosnian ! = bosniak . 
  your nationality in rs is bosnian from the political devision or entity from eitger rs or federation . 
  rs is not part of the united nations nore recognized as a nation . 
  a nation is a large unified ethnic group with same religion , customes etc. 
  almost half the population is non-serb so again , doea n't seem correct .
