  many times its serbians posting about serbia on here . 
  and it 's the balkans that gets the attention , 
  finding journalism that stays objective is increasingly rare these days . 
  can say it is the case in the us too . 
  so by entire region you mean the other ex yugo states will have access too ? 
  also do they currently cover happenings of neigboring nations as well ? 
  always looking for new news sources . 
  well , as long as you are doing this for good intensions and are sure the sources are legitimate , than i commend your work . 
  nothing wrong with looking into something personal like this . 
  just that when i see so many on here , no matter their background use events like this for nationalist arguments , i get fucking sick of it . 
  you probably tire from it also . 
  yep , i have combed through a number of articles and entries about the war over the years i found to be questionable . 
  i mainly go by things written outside of the balkans , but even that can be tainted by corrupt individuals or inaccurate info . 
  how did you find this source to be different from the rest ? 
  my frustration is not knowing who to trust anymore . 
  i would look more into crime entries but i do n't have the time to do it or do it properly . 
  and i never know who to trust . 
  i do n't want to post something that turns out to be false . 
  also , are you a grad student ? 
  your posts are very well organized and written . 
  i mean , there were reasons why the ustase formed , came to power and had thousands of memebers . 
  doubt you care about their reasosn as it does n't make them or what they did in any way right or justifiable . 
  in the case of the srebrenica genocide , the reasons were damned deplorable as well . 
  other guy was . 
  thought you were supporting him . 
  considering the huge polulation of croats there , is it really proper to call it the serbian part ? 
  it was a mixed region . 
  it was the croatian military frontier in the austro-hungarian empire . 
  it is fair to say it is historic croatian and serbian lands . 
  that used to be part of croatian kingdom . 
  also , as i said before , i know for a fact he is serbian . 
  but the man even refers to croatia as his home . . he was surrounded by croats as well . 
  amazing , the guy was for unity and peace , yet serbs and croats ca n't let that be . 
  or saved by partisans . 
  depends who got to you first . 
  also , he was responding to a troll . 
  not sure what point either of you are trying to make ... whatever , the op is wrong . 
  tesla was not born in serbia , no matter how much you want to beleibe croats are just catholic serbs . 
  i find it quite odd you make this post every week pretty much . 
  yet only talk about serbian victims . 
  seems one sided no ? 
  though considering your history with crnaruka , my mind is n't at ease . 
  while yes , bosniak victums are who are mainly talked about , serbian victims are talked about to , but not in ad much detail due to bosniaks being the largest number of loss . 
  croat victims are seldom talked about as well . 
  for example to this day , man croatian women raped during the seige of vukovar never saw justice and to this day pass by the bastards who assulted them on the street on their way to the store . 
  there are so many individual cases bu sebs , croats , bosniaks ; it 's revolting . 
  so please post some research on the others as well . 
  for sake of human decencey . 
  there are a number of other instances that still stick out if you remove srebrenica ... 
  concentrations camps , rape camps , massacres , mass ethnic cleansing and expulsions etc. 
  the side with the largest atrocities will get the brunt of the media attention . 
   one crazy men is single-handedly responsible for the massacre that is srebrenica . 
  if you take srebrenica out of the equation , bosnian war would be an ugly , horrible civil war , but one where atrocities of all sides were on the same order of magnitude . 
  not even , not balanced , but not enough skewed to one side to point the finger `` those are the bad guys '' ... hitler was one man , stalin was one man , pavelic was one man . 
  but not enough people stood up to stop them . 
  fact is mladic , milosovic , karadzic and company had large support . 
  mainly through fear mongering and half true propoganda . 
  how else could they hold souch power to do what they did without help and support ? 
  the atrocities would be nowhere on the same order of magnitude without srebrenica . 
  serbian victims would still be on the lowest side . 
  milosovic was the one waging war , hence he was looked down upon . 
  there were no sides that were saints . 
  but it is impossible to logicly argue milosovic 's regime was n't the maim perp in the wars . 
  and that he is n't mainly responsible for these wars . 
  instead of foricbly trying to equalize atrocities for the sake of manufactured peace . 
  call it for what it is . 
  trying to change history to make one side feel better will only leade to more problems fown the road . 
  fuck , i hate nationalism even stranger is a week ago you went on about how serbs were the main agressors , wrongfuly waging war in . 
  croatia and tryin to establish a greater serbia . 
  maybe that is why they get a bum rap ? 
  todays serbs should hate their politicaians for orchestrating such vile atrocities instead of getting mad at cameras catching the events on film . 
  true , serbian victims are n't nearly as talked about . 
  but neither are croat ones . 
  would you be as supportive . 
  i supportive all details being exposed . 
  all angles covered . 
  leaving bias at the door . 
  it also has to do with the number of and extent of crimes . 
  lets be honest here . 
  camps such as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omarska_camp or rape camps used as ethnic genocide : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_bosnian_war#occurrence_of_rape  where women were subjected to being repeatedly raped , and only released when pregnant . 
  estimates of the number of women and girls raped range from 12,000 to 50,000 , the vast majority of whom were bosniaks raped by bosnian serbs the larger scale tragedies will be swept up by the media . 
  as for why the srebrenica genocide happened , does it matter ? 
  there is no justifying it . 
  i do n't know . 
  you tell me `` serb '' . 
  how is he enjoying other peoples suffering , when the serb who replied to him obviously is ? 
  he is trolling . 
  i hope . 
  love how he refers you as just `` croat '' . 
  and then twists your comment . 
  guess some things will never change . 
  i guess , but as for country , i just go by modern country . 
  i mean do we refer to individuals who were born during jugoslavia as jugoslav or the modern day country ? 
  i do n't know . 
  perhaps depends on individual . 
  ivo would be jugoslav if he were alive today i suppose . 
  oh you mean catholic serbia . 
   serbia : ratko mladic , slobodan milosevic , nikolai tesla niki was n't born there . 
  though he is serbian by ethnicity . 
  serbs seem to not want tesla associated with croatia at all .
