  yes people change but , that is quite the change . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhq5vveuvem [ and here is the gang together ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--wv0iussae )  bosniak politicians are all too eager to use the term ` genocide ' as a mean to satanize the entire serbian nation and destroy serbian entity in bosnia and herzegovina . 
  that will not stand . 
  okay ... 
  so we better not call what the ustase did a genocide or go into it because it is a serb conspiracy to demonize and badmouth croats ??? 
  also how would acknowledgement destroy the serbian entity in bosnia ? 
  its not like people do n't already know about the genocide taking place ... look , i am done with this discussion . 
  i think politicians from both sides see things one way , you think only croatian ones do . 
  but at least we can agree that this type of behavior is unproductive , and having such individuals in power will bring no peace in the region , just more bickering and anger . 
  peace , man . 
  i am sorry for your loss , and did not mean to offend . 
  i have never personally experinced a tragedy such ad lossing a loved one in war . 
  may i ask what happened ? 
  if you would rather not talk about it , i understand . 
  as you admitted , as do your politicians . 
  your pm does more damage than good , causing reopened wounds and hatreds and revitalizing nationalism . 
  he preaches denial and purely victimization of one entity . 
  that is not healthy . 
  you 're denial is impeccable . 
  most of serbian politicians also use nationalism as a political tool which is also a destructive one . 
  to distract the populace . 
  reconciliation ? 
  absolutely wrong word . 
  given the recent tensions he has created in the region , especially in bosnia after denial of the bosnian genocide . 
  yep surely a man of reconciliation ... edit : if by stuck in the 90 's are referring to the operation storm parade , the i agree . 
  but denying sebreneca genocide occuring instead of acceptingbit and moving on is also being stuck in the 90s . 
  both politicians from croatia and serbia are guilty of this . 
  individuals sych as yourself defending politicians like your pm are responsible for the poor economic and social climates in the region . 
  supporting daft politicers panderiny to emotions instead of fixing the damn country . 
  i fear things will never change in the ex-yugo nations ... 
   you people ... serbs and bosnians are guilty of this as well . 
  your pm abuses the war deaths for political gain also . 
  same way there are people who wave nazi flags . 
  does n't make it right or ethical . 
  totaly understandable . 
  nothing wrong with looking for better opportunities if your country failed to provide with them . 
   i hope to move somewhere else as i ca n't wait for the situation to improve here . 
  things have gotten that bad there ? 
  people should move on , no ? 
  for fuck sake , just keep the cyrillic on the signs as second set of written language . 
  it does n't hurt anybody . 
  its not going to hurt croats or force them to only read and write cyrillic . 
  serbia uses latin based writting language as a second set , so why ca n't croatia use cyrillic as a second set ? 
  the war ended 20 years ago , move on . 
  apologies my swedish friend , i had called out the wrong nation . 
   i should just stop opening these threads since it 's always the same kinds of comments being written which is depressing to say the least . 
  hah , yep with you on that . 
  it gets tiring reading the same , hatefilled , sometimes ironic tripe spewed onto the threads here . 
  trying to tell myself that these are minority views does little to sway my opinion of it . 
  as for when your governemnt must sit in one seat , it seems it will be eu . 
  now , i had thought croatia joining the eu would be the mirracle cure for corruption and primitive behavior . 
  it appears a litle like snake oil to be honest . 
  corruption is still strongly there and people appear as annoyed as ever . 
  seeing the refugee issue plaguing serbia , the eu will give you guys even less say in the matter . 
  honestly i 'm quite in doubt of the longetivity of the eu 's future existance in general . 
  some of the guys on here dreaming of a federal europe are stuck in the clouds . 
  ah , the politics of trying to be friendly with everyone . 
  though those damn swiss get away with it ... edit : pulled an america , and switched up nations . 
   pretty much . 
  i thought you said you country did not profit ? 
   leaving out that croatia had more than 15 % for almost 50 years , while the other two were and are still pretty steady . 
  ah , that is what this is about . 
  as for serbia yes steadier than croatia , though steadily decreasing year by year . 
  also 20 years ago a significant decrease occurred during the refugee crisis in croatia . 
  considering in was a time of war . 
  leading to a population shift . 
  as for nationalism , you will find that in most of the `` 6 '' states . 
  having actually been to croatia multiple times , i have yet to run into trouble with nationalism or feeling that outsiders are unwelcome . 
  there is a reason why tourism there is doing well . 
  being that there is no war occurring , you should have no issue traveling there . 
  your argument just seems pure ignorant . 
   btw germany has 80 % of `` german people '' as of 2014 , 91.5 % `` german 91.5 % , turkish 2.4 % , other 6.1 % ( made up largely of greek , italian , polish , russian , serbo-croatian , spanish ) '' http://www.indexmundi.com/germany/demographics_profile.html yes , narrow minded . 
  hmm . . 
  absolutely brilliant !, 
   what is it with you croats and fascism ???????? 
  christ man , relax . 
  you diaspora be crazy . 
  edit : funny comming from a open bigot . 
  huh , i 've seen serbian commentors make anti-semetic jokes . 
  are serbs fascists as well ? 
  nope . 
  croatia has 5 % at least other ethnicity that are ex yugos ( serbs , bosnians , slovenians , etc ) where as serbia has 2 % , slovenia about the same as croatia . 
  as for native population , compared to other former yugo states , croatia has a 6 % difference in native population . 
  that 6 % is the difference between come on in and get out ? 
  so your argument about how a country that was a part of a federation can be homogeneous is moot . 
  germany is 91.5 % german , poland is ethnic polish 93.5 % . 
  the nerve right ? 
  such ignorance  so by your logic , all the other countries in the region will not be to welcoming of you either . 
  how small percentage should the native population be to earn your gracing presence ? 
  also what does this have to do with tourism ? 
  tourism is temporary stay . 
  a federation of different states . 
  learn about the history before blowing hot air . 
  actualy would make for some neat urban exploring . 
  better than se of the bland travel promos set up by croatian travel ministry . 
  [ this theorey may explain ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_croatia ), 
  vladimir prelog was macedonian !, 
  sorry brah , nikky tes is pure grade american . 
  damn ... my condolences to his family . 
   i find the red and white checkered jersey your football team sometimes wear a real eye sore .
