   agrokor ( and the other fucks ) benefits because of the preserved political uncertainty that leads to preserved monopolism , nepotism , corruption , lack of free market and other good old beasts of the fucked up countries . 
   serbia benefits just the way how everybody else benefits from the status quo when they do n't want or do n't need to stop something . 
  i still do n't get how uncertanty from the `` outer threat '' leadsbto a maintaimed monopoly ? 
  would make for a good film though . 
  was n't it a gunshot somewhere in bosnia at a wedding ? 
  coming from a serbian ? 
  priceless lmao . 
  your pm and president are `` former '' warmongers . 
  both sides are guilty of dindunuffin mentality . 
  croatian pm and president even admitted that war crimes were committed by their side . 
  but i go by evidence and facts . 
  present me with a neutral source that proves gotovina is guilty of war crimes , and i will gladly change my opinion . 
  show me where he commanded killings or looting . 
  sorry , but this whole guilty until proven guilty mentality is idiotic . 
  croats are not the enemy , your own mind is . 
  how exactly do they benefit from the chetnik movement continuing ? 
  pics or it did n't happen . 
  get him / u/xxxnoscopeprincipxxx !, 
   there 's too much of presidental election campaign in you so what do you think is the answer then ? 
  i can only tell you what i expect . 
  but i ca n't change people . 
  and serbs in a mass soccer stadium chanted `` kill the croats '' . 
  idiots will be idiots . 
  man , you really have it in for croats . 
  funny , your account poped up right around the time another anti-croat troll account with the israel flair went silent . 
  even post the same pictures . 
  stay salty , 
  and how are croats supposed to feel when serbs dress up in chetnik ( a group know for mass killings of civilians ) uniforms chanting `` kill the croats so the albanians have no allies ! '' ? 
  chetniks on multiple occasions collaborating with ustase and nazis . 
  perhaps as a serbian jew , if you really are one , should also hound seselj and his supporters for respecting such travesty . 
  these are minorities . 
  give it a break already . 
  this type of behavior is present among chavs in many nations , not just croatia . 
  thinking their country is superior in sports . 
  heck , look at the comment sections of newspapers regarding serbia 's water polo win . 
  riddles with serbians claiming this proves serbia as `` superior sports nation '' . 
  makes the non-sports people feel better . 
  just how it is . 
  also the guy you replied to is nuts . 
   im not talking to you cause you still are in denial you have yet to say what i am in denial about . 
  just insult and run away from conversation . 
  i think it 's safe to say you are in denial . 
  talking with you is truly a mind-numbing experience . 
  sorry i burst your little nationalistic bubble . 
  you probably did n't expect to be challenged . 
  again , whatever . 
  [ oh you ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dr-7cl8ck7s/vvavftbonki/aaaaaaaaazi/9q4ijasbqfa/s1600/mr%2bbean%2b1%2b-%2bsao.jpg ), 
  perhaps by not diving into nazism and prooving to be the better person in the region ? 
  maybe being more hoble to the neigbors ? 
  perhaps stop voting the hdz into power ? 
  prove to be a real european nation ? 
  show that croatia 's neigbors are wrong about them ? 
   i 'm here just to inform you of steps that would lead to another war here in the balkans . 
  another war there is not gon na happen . 
  if it does , then humanity has failed them . 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
   its a country he insist exist but if you google it you just come up with his comments . 
  hahaha , that is hilariousely insane !, 
  how 's that new president smell ? 
  excuses ... excuses . 
  tsk tsk tsk, 
  i do n't think so . 
  if anything , eu regulations are far more strict than in the usa . 
  if i were a corporation , i would rather deal with the us legislation . 
  because many companies have many friends in government to make it so . 
  actually i havent really . 
  more that the insult was particularly odd considering it came from nowhere , no idea why you got so mad , and havent the sligtest clue the reasoning even in context , other than to divert the conversation because i was making good points . 
  perhaps you were looking for an illogical argument with someone . 
  i despise fascism , hence my rage over it . 
  edit : i still dont get how i denied tesla for instance , lol . 
  he 's one of the top if not the top scientist ( s ) in history . 
  but whatever . 
  how so ? 
  you randomly called me a `` shit eating nazi whore offspring '' . 
  in response to my comment consisting of factual statements . 
  what did i say that was out of line to warrant that exactly ? 
  they should be uspset at themselves for not being good enough . 
  not to take it out on others . 
  he is probably refering to the independence war in the 90s . 
  why ? 
  he is being a sore loser about the waterpolo match . 
  also im surprised to see you reply to my comment in a normal fashion . 
  get a good night 's sleep ? 
  edit : i said you were russian because you literaly said you were in an older comment i saw of yours . 
  you by no means irradiate a russian persona . 
  i was convinced you were serbian before i read russian , 
  oh man , you guys are in for a treat from the cock brothers . 
  in what war were croats trying to conquere belgrade ? 
  for a russian living in serbia you seem lost when it comes to history . 
  well shit ... 
  i had always thought of them as the only good ones ... 
  congrats to serbia !, 
  11-4 , quite the win . 
  wtf ? 
  really bad sportsmanship ... 
  conversation will just end with him calling you a nazi . 
  no point in reasoning with him . . 
  expulsion ? 
  you seem to have been misinformed . 
  expulsion would be if the croatian government or military forced serbs to leave .
