  teamwork, 
  he is protesting croatia 's victory celebrations today . 
  he is doing this to gain popularity amongst his supporters . 
  hence the burning of the croatian flag in belgrade i pressume ? 
  just waiting for someone to get burned by the flag and blame croatia for it ... 
  hehe , juat the way it is . 
  haha , bosnia claimed prelog and andric ? 
  i though nobel prize is based on where the individual accomplished the work that earned them the title ? 
  i think croatia and serbia need to have a word with bosnia . 
  seems croatia is listed of having one nobel prize winner . 
  is prelog not to be included ? 
  serbia is the successor to yugoslavia . 
  could that be why , since he declared himself yugoslavian ? 
  edit : according to op 's link , each nation has one , strangley . 
  http://jakubmarian.com/number-of-nobel-laureates-per-capita-in-europe-map/ appears to have only counted for serbia as apposed to what wikipedia says . 
  would the map be incorrect then or is it going by verbal sayings ? 
  damn , did n't realize there were two ... 
  guy is quite lucky . 
  could have been much much worse . 
  according to family and grammar books , in croatian it 's ja . 
  any croats that can confirm ? 
  [ but what if ... ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/pqcifm93vxa8o/giphy.gif ), 
   then you either have to look better , or have a highly selective memory . 
  a lot of people are judging the two slovenian representatives . 
  i 'm talking about reddit not news sites , hence i said `` flaired '' . 
  look that this thread and see . 
  i am not claiming that no slovenians feel this way . 
  would be nice to see some speak up on reddit though . 
  all i see is those going after croatian officials and conspiracies , no talk about what their side has done to cause the conundrum ... 
  is it possible that is where it is headed ? 
  international court ? 
  my comment on morality and eu is about the slovenian i primarily replied to . 
  not you . 
  i agree . 
  seems politicians are doing their finest to cause problems between the nations . 
  why was this problem not resolved in the hague ? 
  eu representatives decided no ? 
   as they were phone tapping the slovenian side , read that there was an inside whistle blower , hence why it took so long for this info to come out . 
  to be fair , slovenia used land problems as leverage to not let croatia into the eu . 
  slovenia is guilty of political games as well . 
  but that would never make me dislike slovenians or refuse to travel to slovenia if given the chance . 
  thanks for the explanation of you view of the situation , but i have some qualms about some of it . 
  sorry but acting like slovenia is moraly superior and croatia does n't deserve to be in the eu is rediculouse . 
  ukraine 's new shape looks like a goat grazing . 
   mate , just stop lying . 
  what lies ? 
   ah , balkan people . 
  what did i expect ? 
  intellectual conversation ? / s ironic . 
  you have proven you are balkan after all . 
  despite slovenia trying to convince itself it is central european . 
   it 's actually sad that you have to insult me beacuse your lack of agruments ... 
  yet you make no arguments in your comment . 
  you comment history is riddled with juvenile insults . 
  just stop embarrassing yourself any further . 
  all you do is put me down , yet make no valid retorts . 
  at this point i refuse to talk with you any longer until you actually make some sort of intelligible conversation . 
   you 're like a child brilliant . 
  if we are to talk about acting like children . 
  look no further than your posting history . 
  including that of yours in r/croatia . 
  but do keep the amusing insults coming . 
  then you `` slovenian officials '' should respect the agreement as well a not try to acquire land by lying and cheating , therefore breaking the agreement already . 
  act like an eu country should . 
  if you want respect , show respect . 
  because you are defending the other guys reasoning to never set foot in croatia out of generalization . 
  you try to discredit my comment because i am ` pro-croatia '' and `` un-objective '' or whatever , ignoring the fact that it was a slovenian entity that was working the court system . 
  had it been a croat , i would support slovenia leaving the agreement as well since it would be compromised . 
  i have nothing against slovenian or slovenians , yet you irradiate a contempt for croats . 
  croatia is in the eu , just like slovenia . 
  deal with it . 
  perhaps instead of going on ` them damn croats ' tirades , show some decency . 
  based on this i deemed you a numskull . 
  edit : also learn to read . 
  i said your comments are ignorant , not you . 
   you croats do n't get mad at croats , get mad at the slovenian politicians that screwed you over . 
  and your comments are ignorant . 
  i should not travel to slovenia just because of politics ? 
  am i defending the corrupt actions of politicians ? 
  am i making up the corruption scandal ? 
  not sure what logics prompted your downvotes . 
  funny , had croatia been the one that corrupted the court and was caught , slovenians would be thrashing left and right . 
  i have yet to see one slovenia flaired user speak out against the actions of these officials from their country . 
  slovenian offials caught corrupting the court . 
  so croatia decides it does n't want to deal with a corrupted court . 
  slovenian says croatia should have never been alowed into eu ... nice . 
  also it is most unfortunate that you let personal prejiduces bar you from traveling there . 
  perhaps all three of slovenia 's citizens will one day find peace . 
  bosnia is like a miniaturized yugoslavia though . 
  [ we bombed the wrong one ... ] ( http://s3-ak.buzzfeed.com/static/2015-05/12/21/enhanced/webdr03/anigif_enhanced-buzz-11755-1431480766-6.gif ), 
   nah man , serbian cyrillic was created recently , in xix century and glagolic exists since the iv century . 
  i just went by this :  the serbian recension [ 41 ] was written mostly in cyrillic , but also in the glagolitic alphabet ( depending on region ) ; by the 12th century the serbs used exclusively the cyrillic alphabet ( and latin script in coastal areas ) . 
  the 1186 miroslav gospels belong to the serbian recension . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_church_slavonic#serbian_recension if you do find anything , send some my way . 
  quite interested in the older language sets . 
   how everything is serbian propaganda did i say everything ? 
  i was replying to his comment of him saying that serbian media doing all it can to change the western media 's views for the better . 
  change in what way ? 
  ex-yugo states went on full propaganda mode . 
  and that that is good , according to him ?
