  admit and move on . 
  thats all . 
  i can say i am sorry for all crimes my people did , but if i deny some of those crimes , my apology is empty . 
  serbia lost a war , on multiple fronts as well . 
  and yes , the winners , unfortunately , get to set the record . 
  but in this case , one can claim 2 + 2 = 5 all they want . 
  the rest of the world knows it 's 4 . 
  i mean even the ex serbian president tadic admits it 's 4 . 
  i think anytime is a good time to be truthful and forthcoming . 
  i do n't see how calling my own mother a fat old cow is same as having germany admit to the holocaust being a genocide . 
  which , by the way , they did . 
  serbian government on the other hand denies , just like turkey denies their genocide . 
  annnnd your point ? 
  my reply was to the guy claiming the other factions do n't admit to their crimes . 
  not to mention many serbs like to demonize croats as the real bad guys . 
  serbs are n't the only ones that get accused . . not to mention , where is the link where there is an apology for what happend in sebrenica ? 
  there is n't a quota . 
  these are seperate apologies for seperatr major atrocities . 
  my point was that croats apologized multiple times too . 
  but serbians seem to pretend otherwise . 
  it comes across kind of weird though . 
  in order to not upset the serbs , we must edit events to make them feel a bit better about it . 
  why not recognize it and move on ? 
  not every war crime is . 
  read up on what a genocide is . 
   lastly , why is the prosecution and killing of more than 500.000 serbs in concentration camps during ww2 not labelled genocide ? 
  the second biggest prosecuation of a group of people in ww2 in europe is pretty much neglected and ignored because of the demonizing of the 90s . 
  it wasnt recognized before the 90s so demonizing has nothing to do with it . 
  also , was waiting for the whataboutism to kick in . 
  this was gold worthy ? 
  why is the recognition of genocide so problamatic ? 
  icty courts recognized it . 
  i see . 
  do you consider the sebrenica massacre a genocide ? 
   `` we will kill one third of all serbs . 
  we will deport another third , and the rest of them will be forced to convert to catholicism . '', 
  using this quote along with the the logic of a number of serbian commentators on here , the ustase did not commit genocide , but mass murder ... 
  i think it was genocide , personaly , but using the defunct logic on here ... 
   or about the crimes of the other ethnic groups that participated in the yugoslavian civil war of the 1990s ?? 
  http://www.rferl.org/content/croatias_president_honors_victims_of_croatian_war_crimes_in_bosnia/2013355.html took 3 seconds to google . 
  you agree with russia 's stance i presume ? 
  what does that say ? 
  damn , the downvotes on that video ... 
  there are croats and bosniaks in prison for war crimes . 
  many turned over by their governments too . 
  what more do you want ? 
  not to mention something of this scale was conducted not by the croats or bosniaks . 
  what other genocide took place during the 90 's in ex-yugo territories ? 
  edit : http://www.rferl.org/content/croatias_president_honors_victims_of_croatian_war_crimes_in_bosnia/2013355.html if croats can admit their crimes , the serbs can as well . 
   that 's not just because some are dumb but because there is no place to find out the other side of things without having to do research on the internet . 
  of course not . 
  people believe what they are convinced to believe . 
  if all they hear is trash talk from media , from family , from townsfolk , common sense would dictate it to be true . 
  does n't matter if you are phd , anyone can be effected . 
  it 's a matter of environment in which a person exists . 
  i would hope people would do their own research but alas , not everyone has time , or lets face it , motivation to do so . 
  but i like to think most people look further than one news paper or blog entry . 
  just like living in america you know what every person is thinking ? 
  its not hard to understand general attitude . 
  in or out of country . 
   is this really what other europeans think of us ? 
  highly doubt it . 
  those are minority . 
  idiots have the biggest mouths . 
  especially when their faces ca n't be seen . 
  that poor poor croatian millionaire . 
  if only he new what it was like to be rich . 
  that 's all you need . 
   why do we always have to force some '' national dignity '' narrative to things that should be purely financial/political greece is in balkans . 
  its common there . 
  i thought bosniaks were though . 
  i thought bosniak and bosnian were different . 
  one is ethnicity , other is nationality . 
  thought you guys were slavic muslims ? 
  agreed . 
  so you are against fascism be it ustase or chetnik correct ? 
  so the only way to prevent unrest is to ban chetnik movement ? 
  i 'm a bit lost , perhaps grammar . 
  are you claiming that serbia is a chetnik state and that croatia voting for them to join eu is the same as croatian governemnt voting to reinstate the ustase movement in croatia ? 
  what ? 
  also the ustase were separate form the chetniks , in fact chetniks formed in response to nazi invasion . 
  i am for serbia joining the eu . 
  it would broaden options for citizens there , especially the young who ca n't find a job . 
  would also lead to positive improvements all around . 
  keeping them out of eu would only raise hostilities . 
  dude , you post some interesting comments on here , but this one sounds like a bad joke to me ... do you support what ustase were and did ? 
  in time it will , one hopes . 
  would bring better environment for progress in the region . 
  perhaps hades was n't well endowed either . 
  i mean hey , we should n't judge , hehe . 
  that federation is so openly corrupt i 'm amazed it took this long . 
  looks like that swastika at split stadium really shined the spotlight on them . 
  im starting to think whoever put that swastika there was doing so to protest/embarass the soccer federation . 
  though better ways could have been chosen to convey protest . 
   nevertheless , the most prominent journalists in croatia does n't recognize the republic of croatia as a state . 
  figured the article was click bait . 
  dusan stojanovic is a serbian journalist who published this article near croatian/slovenian independence day . 
  so i thought there might be some alterior motives considering he never discussed or wrote about the right wing extremist groups worshiping chetniks and rehabilitating a war criminal . 
  i have no issue with a serbian joutnalist writing about croatian issues , but would be nice to see him cover others as well . 
  almost every nation has these chavs , yet stojanovic only talked about croatia , heh .
