  but good to talk about never the less . 
  just wanted to add that pusic quote i included , the last line about croatia being those serbs homeland is what i truley agree with . 
  of course i do n't take politician 's word for it . 
  i come frome america for christ sake . 
  i know . 
  well i ca n't read minds , so had to ask . 
  not paranoia , just precautionary measures on the internet . 
   and yeah he went all hyperboly over it . 
  yes . 
  that was my point in my first comment on this page !, 
  thats was why i expected you to agree that here is yet another politician using a tragedy for selfish reasons . 
  was not saying there is no right . 
  but vucic is also starting problems . 
  the things he said about sebrenica , which rwsultednin him getting stoned . 
  stoning himbwas such a primitive and violent way to get tge message across . 
  not justifiable . 
  but he is a very controversial figure from the things i heard him say . 
  yes hebhad a bad past , recent videos show him with agun , promoting viplbce . 
  but i believe in second chances . 
  people change . 
  though parts of his nationalistic past seem still there . 
  well , lets also make it clear , many elderly and other serbsbwho stayed were killed . 
  war crimes were occuring . 
  there was also legitimate fear of revenge so many fled . 
  the other parts i agree with . 
  for fuck sake , why cant peopel just see it from both sides and shut up already . 
  it is always either 100 % heroic or 100 % evil . 
  never a non black and white view . 
  not saying you or the other serbian commentor i was speaking too . 
  just in general . 
  im talking about those who specificly came over to croatia to fight ? 
  hence foreign ? 
  jna forces that came from outside as well ? 
  of course not all fighers . 
   i hate vucic . 
  but unfortunately , unbelievably and ironically he is the only person doing and saying sensible things in last few years in the whole fucking region he seems to start alot of contriveries hinslef . 
  i do n't think anyone inthe region is really well . 
  also why did you just take `` hope im clear anough '' out ofnits own context to reply to ? 
  you purposely left out the rest of my quote about operation storm , why ? 
  i respect all as well . 
  never in my posts will you ever find , justifying tragedies , ignoring crimes . 
  i try to vuew both sides as best i can through neutral sources . 
  hopping to combat , not you but some who i deem trolls on here . 
  as do you , which i respect doing . 
  everyone has a right to greive , yoi ca n't tell people what to feel . 
  i agree whole heartedly . 
  crime is crime . 
  no matter how embarassing it may be that someone of of similar ethnocity or race or gender of you comitted it . 
  it is much more prosperouse to remove them from society and into prison where the belong . 
  i still think there was a sadder day that effected serbs worse and vucic is doing what politicians do best , tried to gain support through sympathy and politicing . 
  just as croatian politicians are doing . 
  what the fuck , i knew tudjman was a peice of shit , but he said that ? 
  well i stand corrected . 
  but does n't make those hunders of thousands the fled forced expulsion . 
  impossibe in one day to . 
  force each one from their home . 
  i will say this , we do n't know what would have happned , but had those many serbs not fled , the death toll may have been high . 
  i have no proof , but if tudjman was seriouse about os storm plans , it could have been devistating . 
  i wpuld hope his generals would be human , but who knows . 
  many times i read this garbage from accounts on reddit . 
  not you , just some others with an agenda . 
  serbians have every right to call it sad . 
  croatian pm is a dickhead to say they ca n't . 
  if vucic said croats have no right to mourn about some event , croat politicians would berate him the wwii comment was not an attempt to brand serbs as the nazis , i hope you understand didnt think otherwise . 
  my point is that there was a new state created , from which 170,000 croats were kicked out of and thousands killed . 
  when croatian forces heavily defeated serbian rebel soldiers and jna forces , milosovic pulled out and serbian rebell commanders left . 
  serbian civilians saw their side lost and fled out of fear of revenge from croats . 
  though i here people on here say the thnicl cleansing of 200,000 serbs . 
  they flead because they felt their live are in danger . 
  it was an emergencey , there were evacuations due to true fear being felt . 
  completely understandable fear , given the anamosity the different factions had towards one another . 
  that was the only similarities . 
  any other war could have been an example . 
  this happens a lot in war . 
  its a fucked part of it . 
  refugees . 
  just that i have been reading up on wwii extensively on wwii . 
  i am simply tired of serbians politicians making it out as if when a croatian war has refugees , that is different than ehat happens in war in general . 
  would me nice to see these refugees helped though instead of being ised as props . 
   so when you look at it you and i totally agree , just for some reasons you feel the need to get all defensive about it . 
  well , i was affended if you read that , the b92 artixle wrote innacurate statistics , the foreign invaders were serbian rebels and jna forces that came into croatia , and your comment looked like it was trying to eqaute os to sebrenica which took my by quite the surpise . 
  of course it was a sad day day . 
  but i think there was a sadder day in history than this , especialy during wwii . 
  if he meant literaly one day thand im stil undure ifbhe is also just politicing . 
  i hope you see vicic is also doing what always does . 
  read your link , did n't think anti-serb sentiment was that high in croatia . 
  spent few months there evry couple years , did get the sense things were that bad . 
  then again i do n't live there . 
  i read that a poll showed around 25,000 wished to return . 
  problem is many house were destroyed , others given to croatian and bosnian refugees . 
  who else need to return to their homes . 
  of course more should be invested in righting that wrong . 
  i see nothing wrong with croats viewing that battle as one that reclaimed their land and gave the independence where lives were lost and also ended the war . 
  i also see nothing wrong with serbs mourning those who lost their lives and fled . 
  both sides should understand the others feelings . 
  now should there be a huge victory perade ? 
  being how controversial it was , it would strain relations , which should be strengthened instead . 
  hope i am clear enough . 
   and so called civilians were after they reached the border with serbia given assault rifles and turned around to fight in croatia . 
  serbs at the border considered them traitors ( so much about so called serbian unity ) do you actualy have sources to back that up ?
