  where the kingdom of croatia and kingdom of hungary fight to their deaths against the invading ottomans . 
  french clergyman and statesman cardinal richelieu was reported to have described it as `` the battle that saved civilization . '', 
  i see . 
  just curious as to why you are so into serb/croat related articles . 
  not saying it 's wrong , just wondering . 
  anywhere from 4,000 to 6,000 croats as well in that camp alone . 
  though croatian victims are rarely mentioned . 
  it should be deemed a genocide though . 
  i agree . 
  though if i call correctly , the un has n't labeled what the nazi 's did genocide either , strangely . 
  which is sadly laughable . 
  they skipped wwii it seems . 
  sorry , just came across this thread . 
  seems he 's found peace at that bunker . 
  something metaphoric could be said for it . 
   anti-russian propaganda i agree with you accept for the anti-russian part . 
  it only depicts putin in a bad light . 
  not russia . 
  not russians . 
  not even russian soldiers . 
  but its is intentionally provocative and missing putin 's counter part . 
  our fearless leader . 
  no , propaganda does n't have to be lies . 
  propaganda is a tool to make you think certain way . 
  even if it means only painting part of a picturing and hoping the target assumes the worst . 
   it is indeed impossible to reason with croatian diaspora . 
  last line of defense ehy ? 
  i read yours , but you ignore most of mine . 
  i pointed out how you twisted ** my ** words , i said you denied genocide not war crimes in general , and refused to answer the problems i brought up . 
  you keep saying read my comment but offer no quality counter arguments . 
  yes it is futile , i do n't expect you to admit it . 
  yep , there we go . 
  im diaspora so my take does n't matter . 
  does n't get more stereotypically of people like you than this . 
  facts are geographical only with you guys . 
  you have no counter arguments , so you resort to this kind of retoric . 
  it is indeed impossible to reason with serbian diaspora/nationalists , if that is what you are . 
  you are always right . 
  everyone you respond to is demonizing serbs . 
  thry are all liars , yep . 
  you are truley the victim . 
  you could learn something from other serbians on here who actualy participate in peaceful debates . 
  again , if you really are genuine in combating imbociles on this subreddit , then do n't stoop to their level . 
  regaurdless of what the other guy said . 
  remain civil , people will listen to you . 
  if that is your goal . 
  but i 'm just some dumb croatian-american so who cares right ? 
  have been to croatia multiple times to visit family . 
  but would like to visit serbia and other parts of the region one day !, 
  when my finaces are in check . 
  i said you denied the sebrinica genocide happened . 
  even got gold from a fellow nationalist for it too , how nice . 
  look at what i wrote . 
  also you ignored some other point i made . 
  i didnt call you an `` ultra nationalist '' . 
  didnt label you a right wing skinhead for christ sake . 
  i said nationalist . 
  some are replyies , many are posted as stand alone comments . 
  you even went after some czeck guy commented about chetnik colabboration with facist forces and you said no that was ustase ( who yes were nazis , but that was not even the topic ) . 
  denied history than changed the subject so the topic you were uncomfortable with would disappear . 
  guy rightfuly called you out on it . 
  but whatever . 
  you 've been posting these type of things up to now , do n't expect you to understand my point . 
  yes there are others who do this , but therefore you thinkg you will benefit serbs by doing this shit ? 
  well , nationalist 's version of history to be precise . 
  lets not paint a whole ethnic group with one brush now . 
  well according to it . 
  you think there is nothing wrong with nationalism . 
  you turned a link post about russia veto of bosnian genocide un recognition into a conversation about denying bosnian genocide even happened . 
  then went on about croatian ustase from wwii , to justify something , i have to single clue ... its an open book . 
  look at it . 
  your posts paint you as a nationalist . 
  so we all know what your agenda and biases may be . 
  just like you pointed out that other guys posting history for his agenda and biases . 
  to be fair , that other guy also appears to be a nationalist . 
  your posts mostly seem anti-croat or anti-bosnian or anti-non-serb-balkans . 
  just purely unsympathetic . 
  perhaps you or someone in your family underwent something traumatic involving one or more of those ethnic groups . 
  i do n't know . 
  if so , i 'm sorry about that . 
  thanks for the insite . 
  you explained it well . 
  really unfortunate that 's the way things are there . 
   there 's almost nothing about it in croatia . 
  considering , freedom of press rankings for croatia were poor , it could be certain entities do n't want croats to know about this option . 
  ensuring the press keep quite . 
  you think hdz is mainly the culprit for keeping croatia out or is sdp the same nonsense ? 
   there were nods from other members since then , but it seems croatia unfortunately is n't really interested . 
  what ? 
  i mean would n't croatia benefit from being part of the group ? 
  seems to me the entities running croatia seem to not care much about its future . 
   they are there , they exist , but they are an extreme , small minority . 
  that is important to remember . 
  will try to remember this . 
  the internet had given me the impression that the crazy ones were the majority based on comments i 've seen on reddit , news site ( youtube is shit in general ) . 
  then again they say idiots tend to be loudest . 
  thank you for taking the time to break it down in detail . 
  nice to see things are better than they appear . 
  wish i could give this more up-votes to be in the top comments . 
  i see .
