  i read that they completely closed the border . 
  how are trucks still passing then ? 
   i 'd like to see a breakdown for occupied countries too i second this . 
  would be really great to see a visual breakdown by countries occupied . 
  is the sword still kept in the family ? 
  did they do the same with hungary when hungary closed its border with them ? 
  if anything , serbia seems to be off it 's rocker . 
  why are they banning trucks from entering from croatia ? 
  are refuges trying to get back into serbia ? 
  or are they being childishly vengeful ? 
  when hungary closed its border with serbia , did serbia react the same way ? 
   nato is not going to support croatia in attacking serbia to punish it for blocking cargo woosh he said no one is going to declare war on croatia because it would be declaring war on all nato states essentially . 
  no one here said croatia was going to attack anybody . 
  not sure why you assumed that . 
  the map maker should have done the same for them as well . 
  edit : you know the region , foreigners do n't be honest , would you really know which word is used for which blank nation . 
  doubt it buddy . 
  hehe , always look forward to these . 
  well both croats and serbs say 4 the same way . 
  that is why . 
  but it should have been written across the three nations . 
  maybe he is one of the nicer chetniks ? 
  i think he is being paranoid . 
  but for people not familiar with the region , cetiri should have been written across croatia , bosnian and serbia as is usually done in these kinds of maps . 
  edit : for example someone might thing croatia says stiri . 
  also , kosovo is listed as same language . 
  always wondered why a modlovan would behave like , that . 
  now i get it . 
  i have to ask though . 
  why such sarcastic comments about croats and croatia in general ? 
  you have a personal dislike of them ? 
  number of other comments there seem genuinely upset too . 
  except for the `` you bet we did '' guy , im guessing was just pissed . 
  i just want to know if you do harbor ill will towards croats . 
  or perhaps just like to russel feathers , lol . 
  no worries then . 
  i do n't know about all of them . 
  but your initial comment in reply to the guy stating croatia wo n't be a concentraion camp for europe , was trollish . 
  it is expected you would get retaliating remarks . 
  assuming we are talking about that thread . 
  yeah , was kind of blindsided by that . 
  actualy thought you were trolling me . 
  you said like other ? 
  what were they saying ? 
  yep , we did . 
  and it did n't really end on good terms . 
  i 'm not really arguing with you on this one . 
  i think we agreed here . 
  it seems at least publicly they are agianst merkel 's eu . 
  true , only time will tell . 
  but it seems they are trying to move refugees out instead of keeping them . 
  even if it meant screwing over their neigbors ... 
  thought you were validating the other guy . 
  pm said croatia will not be the eu 's refugee camp , and the president blames merkel for the refugee problems . 
  not sure what the other guy is talking about . 
  she is critisizing merkel . 
  your cut little video is irelavent . 
  isnt she actualy blaming merkel and germany for causing problems ? 
  nope . 
  you are not `` original '' enough . 
   worse , nobody wants to stay in poland people are fleeing croatia too , buddy . 
  and croatia closed its borders . 
  you hit a sore spot , apparently . 
  music suites the scene . 
  oh great `` delsited ' for being a `` duplicate post '' again even though it is n't . 
  what is with the moderators ? 
  he delisted some of mine and never responded as to why . 
  poor moderating . 
  though i do n't know much about this news source . 
  surprised ? 
  there was a link discussing old war land mines still active in croatia . 
  and there were commentors saying `` do n't let them know that , it will help keep them out '' . 
  more food . 
  it is us being its politicaly correct self . 
  for example a story about hungarian police pepper spraying refugees . 
  not much focus on why for example youe country had to act and stop the inflow of immigrants . 
  the other day , slovenia was potrayed better but still a bit leading , trying to make them seem mean . 
  hehe , john carrey is saying us could take in arpund 100,000 refugees by ** 2017 **, 
  us media is just plain lost . 
  you have no idea what kind of a person you are getting into an argument with . 
  best of luck . 
  lol  between a judge at the permanent court of arbitration and the slovene representative at the court . 
  could you explain why it is low quality ? 
  i fail to see where else ? 
  where ? 
  i did n't see any when i poated it . 
   experience like when slovenia got caught with its pants down with the secret conversations between a judge and the slovene representative in relations to gulf of piran deals ? 
  hehe, 
   you are safe in us but i have quite a lot of family that is n't . 
  so by all means , do answer my inquiry . 
  i am quite curious . 
   there will be same ammount of dead croats.for things to be settled . 
  oh really . 
  how many more to go ? 
  thing is wwii estimates are still dispute ranging from 300,000 to 500,000 serbs murdered so how many more croats should be executed to please you ? 
   countdown to it started in ukraine . 
  ah but it got canceled out by chetnik fighters joining in there . 
  so you are saying wikipedia is all lies ? 
  give me your sources then . 
   you are the only country from former yugoslavia with expertise in that field .
