  for example corporations run my country . 
  wait i remember talking with you while back . 
  i 'm the guy guy you called nazi son of whore , lol . 
  i thought you were a huge nationalist for your country . 
  you seem more critical of it now . 
  nuff said a i guess . 
  why would people vote for him ? 
  they think he turned over a new leaf ? 
  it would be like americans voting for another bush ( shit that happened ) or another clinton ( shit that might happen ) . 
  things really that bad there still ? 
  according to wiki https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/minefields_in_croatia 1991 , before withdrawal , jna forces did use land mines . 
  then croatian police/army and serbs of rsk placed many of them . 
  so he is wrong to say serbs had nothing to do with it . 
  all sides had everything to do with it . 
   actually it 's one of the richer in the europe . 
  really ? 
  i thought the economy was in the rut . 
  or did the joke go over my head ? 
  lol . 
  also that article seems very off . 
  expelled and not allowed to return ? 
  i thought thet were allowed but did not want to and ao are giving up their properties . 
  if they were expelled would they not have properties there anymore ? 
  many of the mines are undocumented . 
  no one knows their exact locations . 
  just general areas . 
  there has been an ongoing process to demine the areas . 
  edit : here is a wiki article that describes it pretty well : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/minefields_in_croatia, 
   but croatian citizens have been warning them of the dangers of landmines on one facebook page entitled `` dear refugees : welcome to croatia '' . 
  [ news articles just say croatian citizens ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34268043 ) this other article states croats not serbs as well : http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/croatians-active-on-helping-refugees-on-facebook-09-15-2015 though i am not sure why it matters who made it ... 
   locals , who are aware of this issue , have been issuing warnings on various facebook groups set up to help refugees . 
  one of them urges people to print a map showing where mines are located : `` good maps for printing that can help refugees !, 
  share please , '' the post says . 
  perhaps croatia and serbia should stage war games to scare away the refugees ? 
   it really creeped me out when i realised the camera had been zooming in on him slowly . 
  shhhhhhhh ... do n't fight it . 
  safety first !, 
   at croatia , for example , violated when it annexed serb lands . 
  you are more delusional than panonia . 
  so if you steal something from me , and i take it back . 
  i am the criminal ? 
  with such mentality , no wonder tbe yugoslav wars happened . 
  krajina was and is part of the territory of the socialist state of croatia even within yugoslavia . 
  it was never serb lands . 
  kosovo was serbian longer than krajina was croatian ? 
  even if that lie were true , how is that relevent ? 
  by your logic , republica serpska was croat and bosniak lands . 
  croats existed in krajina for over a thousand years . 
  how did it magicaly become serb land ? 
  ethnic cleansing the non-serb population out is not violating human rights ? 
  or are croats still not considered human to serb nationalists ? 
  edit : sure , downvote and run off . 
  only shows i cought you in a contradiction you ca n't wiggle out of . 
  funny , you guys get mad when someine tries to take your territory ( kosovo ) yet have no qualms annexing others ' . 
  now you are getting it . 
  it is all about the feeling . 
  facts of reality are irelavent . 
  it wasnt a kangaroo court when the two generals were convicted but is when evidence was found making them innocent . 
  i hope to never go on trial in serbia . 
  guilty until proven guilty sounds bad ... 
  shoulda hada v8 . 
  ah i see what you mean . 
  eh , i think americans were aware since clinton made it seem as an accomplishment . 
   my grandpa , the baker , had helped feed un soldiers even and received a badge for his work . 
  pretty bad-ass if you ask me . 
  that is pretty bad-ass . 
  thank you for taking the time to write about what happened . 
  the nato bombings extended into montenegro ? 
  thought it was just belgrade . 
  damn , did n't know the bombings had that much of an impact on the infrastructure of the areas . 
  was you family a bit unnerved going to country predominately responsible for the nato strikes ? 
  i feel i would n't be too forgiving . 
  was asking because i wanted to ask how were things for you during the times of yugoslavia ? 
  question . 
  you are a serb from originally serbia , correct ? 
  like a mini yugoslavia ? 
  seselj perhaps a croatian troll trying to make serbs look bad perhaps ? 
  i smell a deliciouse conspirecy !, 
  was kidding . 
  i know it 's just low brow tabloid banter . 
  funny enough , the title says `` croatians in shock '' . 
  but yeah , not surprised to see them in this papers headlines . 
  so are you guys really that mad that djokovic won against cillic ? 
  [ did somebody say freedom ? 
  ] ( http://orig07.deviantart.net/2969/f/2013/062/b/f/bill_clinton_the_lady_killer_by_sharpwriter-d5wx11h.jpg ), 
  lol , contests . 
  [ america does n't attend contest cause we are number one . 
  ] ( http://livehdwallpaper.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/proud-to-be-an-american-pictures-photos.jpg ), 
  hehe , you guys really care that much to impress your neighbors ? 
  the fancy southern slavs ? 
  i know , had to double take that comment . 
  you risked your life telling that joke . 
  much appreciated . 
   for me they are all war criminals well , i feel it is a bit simple to say all were war criminals during the yugo wars . 
  i go based on what is written on each individual . 
   i do n't get people that try to defend politicians , they act as if i had insulted their mother . 
  same reason there was such an awful war in the 90s . 
  nationalism that makes a person think his or her self worth is tied directly to their country 's or ethnic group 's image . 
  they ride the coat tales of the group . 
  it 's why war crime denial is a thing .
