  implying both are countries , when only one of them is . 
  it would be like saying you live in hungary where as i live in texas . 
  edit : ( country , state/entity , town/city/village ) really not a hard concept to grasp . 
  again , i have no issue with rs , just that there seems to be people who get angry when people realize it is n't a country . 
   around 30,000 serbs were killed at jasenovac false numbers makes you no better than him . 
  100,000 around perished in that camp . 
  50,000-60 ,000 of which were serbs . 
  subliminal trolling . 
  the latest in trolling technologies . 
  the love is real . 
  edit : happy cake day !, 
   in serbian vi\u0161egrad means `` high town '' heh , in croatian too . 
  what are the odds ? 
  american nationalism is called in america `` american exceptionalism '' . 
  the agressive form of patriotism . 
  of course . 
  every person should be proud of what their countrymen have accomplished . 
   i 'm a nationalist you mean maybe , patriot ? 
  when i think of nationalism , i do think of blind pride , bigotry and ignorant denial and manipulation of facts . 
  even albert einstein stated that `` nationalism is an infantile disease . 
  it is the measles of mankind . '', 
  you mean nationalists ? 
  sometimes the case of where the south begins in the us . 
  he often deletes his stuff when attention is called to him . 
  just report his comments . 
  he made a comment dehumanizing the migrants as well . 
  i have tried reasoning with him , but he stopped responding . 
  if anything , bosnia would fracture into mini states , no ? 
  bosnia will get the most crossfire abuse as usual . 
  i think the 90s gave the world a good glimpse . 
  does the international community need to seperate you two . 
  perhaps put you on opposite sides of europe until you miss each other ? 
   hmm , so why do you think we could handle them if you ca n't ? 
  to be fair . 
  migrants have always been flowing through your country , not staying there foe long . 
  croatia has nowhere to pass them onto hence why they cant accomidate them . 
  it is like filling a pipe vs filling a bucket . 
  if you know who this guy is , you would not be surprised . 
  you are being to nice . 
  panonia is total right wing extreme . 
  the eagle has the strongest of wing . 
  day and a half, 
  yeah , seems off by like 4 years . 
  hehe , it 's always a greek guy saying this stuff . 
  weird trend . 
  adorable . 
  where is this from though ? 
   it is almost anarchy well thats not good for the region . 
  especialy when serbia enters eu and there is an unstable nation inbetween two eu nations . 
  true , he accomplisehed something at least . 
  ya think ya getting out that easy ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans though according to the map , you are home free and croatia and serbia are half balkan . 
  milanovic is trolling . 
  he 's loving this . 
  things seem okay with bosnia at the moment . 
  but time will change that . 
  implying the victim can never become the aggresor . 
  implying croatian government is made up of all ex-nazis . 
  both implications ignorant . 
  you guys should go out on the streets and protest . 
  passwords or you mean passports ? 
  wait man . 
  got ta wait till milanovic makes the assumption that all serbs must leave croatia to assure they wo n't smuggle in more migrants . 
  todays croatia is a continuation of the one founded in 1943 which had a croatia partisan army that directly fought domobrani . 
  the borders of 43 ' croatia are same as todays . 
  but guys , this is getting off topic as usual . 
  i believe they would , if you were attacked . 
  hence a deffensive war . 
  if you started invading another nation , especially a nato affiliated one , hah , best of luck . 
  well , it is in our media , so yeah it did . 
  back what wars ? 
  you are repeating the other guy . 
  what wars has croatia been trying to start since it joined nato ? 
  and why is it being assumed hey are the ones who want to start it ? 
  you guys seem misinformed . 
  so trucks and goods stilly freeley pass back and forth between the two nations ? 
  he is so cheesey for saying that . 
  are they doing this to blackmail serbian government into forcing migrants to hungary and elsewhere , you think ? 
   they are accusing serbia of funneling the migrants to croatia i am only aware of the beginning when hungary close borders , serbian officials '' bussed thousands of people from its hungarian border to its croatian one , the flashpoint had moved 120 miles south west . '', 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/17/croatia-overwhelmed-by-volume-of-refugees-crossing-from-serbia after then on , migrants crossed on their own by taxi or bus . 
   there was some idiotic comparison about eagles and flies , or something . 
  haha , yep . 
  `` we are the eagle '' - zoran milanovic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pedqb2398z4, 
  i had thought they did so to stop migrants , but thing is simple measures such as search trucks would solve the problem . 
  i though the serbian government was doing so just to get back at them but i see that this really has a negative impact on serbian economy so they have to do it . 
  i thought that was the case . 
  now i am just confused ... 
   serbia sees as croatia taking the opportunity to fuck with serbian economy . 
  if that is the case , i do n't blame them . 
  then croatia ( of course i am talking governments ) is being childish and totally unreasonable . 
  funny , and here i though the migrant crisis would have gotten croatia and serbia to work together . 
  not against each other . 
  could it be they think truck could potentially smuggle migrants into the country ? 
  though i would imagine they would check them . 
   when hungary closed the border , they did so for everything , and from both sides . 
  i see . 
  so hungary closed it both entering and exiting while croatia closed it for entering . 
   childishly vengeful ? 
  i thought they were basically doing this in reaction to croatia closing the border . 
   hungary never banned trucks from entering .
