  keep the hate alive man . 
  keep fishing for videos and articles to validate your evil views . 
  good going . 
  i attribute it to ignorance and anecdotal evidence . 
  then again that is what racism propagates from , as you said . 
  but i think people can also be scarred from situations . 
  you made the example of a robbery , i think if a huge mob of people chased your family out it has a greater impact . 
  again people like us would use rational , but others may not . 
  now to chant death to someone is insane . 
  there is no war , no invasions . 
  why this sentiment is still present is because it is propagated by racists and politicians looking for relevancy and votes . 
  i know this all to well due to the nation i live in , the u.s. 
  politicians race bate as if it were a sport . 
  trying to appeal to different mindsets . 
  yep , there are people with an itchy trigger finger looking for an excuse , and there are also those who are more easily turned . 
   being angry does n't turn someone into a racist . 
  i think it very well can . 
  bad experiences , or being told negative things by parents , relatives and media can shape a person . 
  it can also be a scapegoat . 
  some like to paint a whole nation or ethnic group with one brush . 
  out of malice or also out of ignorance . 
  i have encountered people who place prejudice based on their anger about what someone from an ethnic group or race did . 
   i hope he is n't saying he condones it . 
  i agreed, 
  damn ... 
  looked up the lyrics , could you tell me how the line goes ? 
  he means that is the place you will find all the angry people . 
  many affected by the war . 
  i hope he is n't saying he condones it . 
   this guy thompson would get financial punishment because he shout `` for home we 're ready ! '', 
  nazi slogan last night . 
  will he really ? 
  any link to that ? 
  yeah but what about [ bora `` corba '' djordjevic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aczvtnh_jy8 ) still huge fan-base . 
  look at this live concert of his . 
  blows the one posted away . 
  implications of rape . 
  destruction of cities . 
  not quite the role model himself . 
  every side has their extreme . 
  here is a huge gathering at a concert . 
  i dont see anything about rape though . 
  what song ? 
  i dont agree with banning cyrillic , but do those 650,000 want to kill serbs ? 
  or automaticly support ustase ? 
  a lot of people still have bitter feelings from the war in those areas , hence the ignorance to want to ban it . 
  sad since serbia usea both latin and cyrillic written language sets . 
  does he still put on concerts though ? 
  how big are his concerts or fanbase ? 
  is it comprable to thompson ? 
   are n't serbs and croats virtually the same ~ ~ nation ~ ~ people ftfy, 
   bora \u010corba what did he sing about that was controversial ? 
  never really heard of the guy . 
  fair enough , not all nationalists from all over the region went so it is most definitely higher than 90,000 , but again also not for sure all of them are bigots . 
  i not to sure it was an obvious ustasa concert . 
  i doubt all the guy 's fans are extremists . 
  but if you want to find one , his concert is the place to go find them . 
  i did n't know where you were going with your comment , hence the sour remark . 
  but to say they never came to terms with their crimes ? 
  a number of generals and officials were given up to the courts . 
  that 's was one of the agreements for the country to enter eu . 
  operation storm is a controversial topic , and to deem croats not coming to terms because they do n't agree with some of the serbian views of the operation , seems one sided . 
  vucic deems it was ethnic cleansing , the courts and croatia say it was not . 
  it did lead to a major humanitarian crisis of serbian refugees , majority of which have yet to be helped to ease back in to their homes . 
  fat ass chance one would see thompson put on a fundraising concert to raise money and awareness for those souls . 
  i have stayed in croatia on multiple occasions and did n't see this hostile anti-serbian environment . 
  though i have n't been to knin or other places were conflicts 20 years ago had been the worst . 
  these hate groups are the minority . 
   concert of a famous nationalist singer . 
  who is also a bigot . 
  to cowardly to even admit to it . 
  my concern is that this gathering of hate mongers will be used as `` proof '' that operation storm was one big evil event . 
  that some will try to over simplify it down to `` see neo-nazi minorities celebrate it , therefore seselj was right '' . 
  same as there are those who use seselj to try to degrade the serbian image . 
  essential a mud flinging contest to woo foreigners . 
   what could possibly motivate this kind of shameful display now ignorance , nationalism , skewed sense of history sprinkled with drugs and alcohol ? 
  does it really matter who says it ? 
  what does his nationality have to with it , knowledge is not bound by geography . 
  in love with your country meaning you see nothing wrong , you do n't want to see anything wrong . 
  it 's like you have a crush on your nation . 
  so you do n't want to see the problems . 
  where as if you love your country , you acknowledge it 's flaws and work to make things better for you want what is best for it . 
  i mean , that 's just how i tend to think of it . 
  i was wrong , not more upvotes as of yet . 
  though it is top news on front page . 
  so no , not `` serbs evil '' as you say . 
   numbers do make a huge difference . 
  well , considering seselj has a 2-3 % following and this concert had 2 % of croatia 's population ... 
   organised by the local authorities shameful . 
  and thompson could calm the fire by preaching against fascism , condemning the ustase and telling fans he will not tolerate such behavior . 
  but he wo n't , because he does n't want to loose those fans and he is also a sick man . 
  what a surprise . 
  what about balkan nationalism ? 
  patriotism is alright , nationalism i do n't think can be good . 
   `` kill a serb ! '', 
  was chanted on an event commemorating an operation that resulted in 200,000 serb refugees . 
  and that is absolutely fucked . 
  and the fact that the husband of the president of croatia would be in the same event as people nazi-saluting is disgraceful . 
  he has shown what he is . 
  and hope the president comes out to discuss this event and condemn what was happening .
