  kicking them out . 
  that is now how it went down though . 
  word you are looking for is exodus . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_storm described here, 
   eat shit nazi whore offspring , i really wont add nothing more , continue self justifying . 
  the shit my grandparents went through , and you tell me this ... go to hell . 
  your comments make me love serbs that much more ... 
  let me see if i can make sense of your insanity . 
   tesla how did i deny tesla ? 
   your liberation by serbs when did i ever say i liberated serbs or croat liberated them ? 
  you brought that up before i even commented . 
   saving your people after ww2 after atrocities you have done that i have done . 
  oh perhaps you mean the ustase . 
  what about the atrocities that chetniks had done , which you wo n't admit despite even other serbian agreeing they have . 
  i have yet to deny ustase or chetnik crimes . 
  son  chetnics didnt have conc camps son . 
  never said they did . 
  they just slaughtered civilians on the spot instead . 
  the worst faction was in bosnia , second worst was in dubrovnik . 
   nor they worked with nazis oh man , you are a lost little sick puppy . 
  where do you get your `` facts '' from exactly ? 
  seselj 's diary entries ? 
  you are terrible at trolling , son . 
  [ learn from your master !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0aoppgaysi ), 
   wiki at denial topic son man , you are a joke ... what am i denying ? 
  or are you just spouting further nonsense ? 
  i agree , bullshit from you nationalists is getting ridiculous . 
  can confirm from research . 
  in fact the partisan movement started in sarajevo . 
   poroshenko inspired by tudjman ? 
  hopefully not milosevic either . 
  one could argue croats had no choice but to fight back against rebels or face more violence and ethnic cleansing of croats from other areas . 
  same as in parts of bosnia there were legitimate situations of serb forces defending serbian villages . 
  its a mixed matter . 
  there are countless ukrainians fleeing the east . 
  many refugees . 
  should that be classified as ethnic cleansing by russians ? 
  refugee crises occur from war . 
  hence why war should be the very last option . 
   i just do n't understand who killed that one million people . 
  mass suicides ? 
   whats next , nikola tesla is croat?you liberated serbia from austro-hungary empire?are you fucking that much delusional ? 
  here we go . 
  are we really going to ignore this ? 
  : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks#terror_tactics_and_cleansing_actions chetniks sided with ustase and the nazi 's numerous times , went on killing sprees in croatia and bosnia , aimed to create an ethnically pure greater serbia . 
  you call nazis and ustase sons of whores , yet forget chetniks were too . 
  i guess you think [ milan nedic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milan_nedi%c4%87 ) was a war hero ? 
  do n't pretend serbs did n't have their traitors too . 
   whats next , nikola tesla is croat?you liberated serbia from austro-hungary empire?are you fucking that much delusional ? 
  nikola tesla is a serbian american from austro-hungar , born on the croatian military front what is today croatia ( catholic serbia in your book probably ) second topic i have no fucking clue what that means . 
  liberated who from what ? 
  croatia took in many serbian refugees who were given permanent land to live and grow crops on , when ottomans took over serbian territory and persecuted serbs , if that is what you are referring to . 
  you are a very delusional person , yes . 
  and it seems doubtful your type will ever change . 
  everyone else here acknowledges their sides history . 
  now acknowledge yours , if you have the guts . 
  what else will you say ? 
  there is no common cold in serbia because serbs have the strongest immune systems ? 
  or perhaps that there are no social problems in serbia since serbs are born with superior intellect ? 
  the anti-croatian tinge in this article is laugably obviouse . 
  focus before the operation is placed 50 years bfore yet forgetting what happened mearly years before . 
  author seems comfortable not even trying to hide it . 
  another posterchild for rt 's superior journalism ... 
  the commemt section there mirroring the articles quality . 
  you 're kidding ... 
  i have seen this guy sidding with serbia on many subjects before . 
  i agree wholeheartedly !, 
   that was literally the first sentence of the article . 
  yeah and then he seems to begin feeling pity only for one ethnicity . .  although yeah vucic did go out of his way to mention serb victims . 
  that 's what i was getting at . 
  it is to be a true unified remembrance , all should be respected . 
  yet he seems to only speak about one side . 
  feel compassion for the other side not just his own . 
  and hopefully that is what he really wants and that other regional leaders participate too . 
  they must set an example . 
  edit : haha , oh boy , im in agreement with the guy above , yet look at the discrepencey of upvotes . 
  the part about singling out serb victims was my point , which he/she agreed with . 
  all because of flair . . 
  i only have issue with this statement of his in the article :  `` 20 years since the tragedy when thousands of serbs were killed and expelled . '', 
  if he wants true remembrance day , than all victims that experienced expulsion and killings should be honored . 
  why june 20th ? 
  edit : just an honest question , no need for downvotes , sheesh . 
  vucic seems to have changed since his visit to sebrenica . 
  perhaps something hit him . 
  good idea though . 
  hopefully right-wingers wo n't meddle in it . 
  what , excuse me !?!? 
  this wiki link kind of gives the impression the call was invented by them . 
  it was actually in use centuries before wwii . 
  especialy during the wars against the invading ottomans . 
  the thing is the ustase permanently stained the meaning of the saying . 
  therefor , it should be banned . 
  and not be be deemed proper . 
  you are definitely a bora `` corba '' djordjevic fan . 
  a man with a huge following who sings about rapping and killing croatian women and leveling cities . 
  a man associated with the serbian political scene . 
  yep , because the ustase were croatian , croats can never be victims of bigotry , ethnic cleansing , murder , etc. 
  the invasion of croatia was justified and so was the expulsion of hundreds of thousands of non-serbs . 
  croatia should have just sat buy and evaporated .
