  hmm , this articles seems a bit biased , especially considering it was written by dusan stojanovic , who made some articles with similar narratives before . 
  is ultra-nationalism really highly popular in croatia today ? 
  draft is wind is air movement ? 
  what 's the point of opening a window then ? 
  a draft is need to pull fresh air in , no ? 
   they taste and feel fucking good this . 
  if my mind thinks its cool , then i 'm cool . 
  never knew it was this serious . 
  well , us never ` had '' it but meddled in it . 
  so correction , you can go back to meddling there again . 
  you can have afghanistan back . 
  though it could bring russia and the west together in a joint effort to remove isis . 
  perhaps it wo n't just be russian pockets contributing . 
  tends to be more policy focused and subtle than blatant self-victimization . 
  perhaps if isis invades ukraine , it would make for good bonding exercise of russians and ukrainians ? 
  agreed . 
  but texans are know for being big , even their egos , hehe . 
  as a us american this seems quite right . 
  junker you party animal you !, 
  there has to be a huge majority for it to happen . 
  in my opinion . 
  to avoid chaos . 
  as there was chaos in the 90 's in croatia . 
  thing is it was almost 50/50 . 
  this is what annoyed people . 
  belgrade demanded krajian 's independence with a mixed demographic make up like that . 
  hence zagreb refused to accept it . 
  my issue was that croatia was guaranteed its border based on yugo law aka belgrade 's law . 
  krajina is not the same situation . 
  which is why i do n't see both strives for independence as the same thing . 
  if the region of krajina decide to hold a referendum , well , if its a clear majority , then so be it . 
  now i would prefer there being a clause in the law clearly defining the borders and all that . 
  but if there is none , that is fine , as long as the one leaving is doing it clean and not using terror tactics to force independence . 
  england and scotland did right for example . 
  though scotland being historically scottish made it a no brainer to ask for self identity . 
  for example , i am at odds with kosovo for example . 
  for they to used criminal acts to drive out serbs from the region . 
  this is one of the main reasons serbia will not recognize them as a country . 
  croatian herzogovina in bosina is also questionable as far as independence goes . 
  we are pretty much in agreement though . 
  ah , i was under the impression you were arguing for krajina 's succession . 
  scotland made sense being that scotland has autonomy within the kingdom . 
  but if scotland rid itself of pro english supporters to gain independence . 
  sorry , i can not morally say they have the right . 
  human rights comes first . 
  like republics in yugoslavia . 
  no i do n't take you for a serb apologist . 
  even if you were i have nothing against that . 
  i though you were arguing something that i deemed factual inaccurate . 
  i apologize for the misread . 
  as for me denying them the right . 
  how do i deny something that is illegal . 
  of course i would deny it . 
  if they were a republic then i would have no issue . 
  i would not support a state that achieved huge majority through ethnic cleansing . 
  you might . 
  i do n't . 
  wait , i though you said you did not advocate for them succeeding yet you say they should have had a referendum to succeed ? 
  had krajina with clearly defined borders been hugely pro independent stance , then it would not be such a problem . 
  for example , if istria was overwhelmingly for independence from croatia , then croatia 's government will have to answer with a vote . 
  as long as it is legal within the constitution . 
  also , would you not see issue if your county/city wanted independence with 2 % leading yes and you did n't want to ? 
  unless the overwhelming majority is for it , i see it as questionable . 
  perhaps one part of the city could be independent , but what if the populations are evenly dispersed ? 
  then it will be a slippery slope , as you say . 
  heh , i was alright with your comment then you jabbed me with that last quip labeling me as some oppressor denying rights ... krajian is a special issue . 
  please read into it . 
  yeah but hes not using the humor out of malice . 
  just a quip . 
  if the subject of america was at hand , some american harassing would be in order lol . 
  i 'm fond of british humor . 
  dark comedy is some of the best !, 
   administrative region should reflect the reality of the life of the people in them thing is , krajina was 52 % serbian , 48 % croatian and non-serbian until ethnic cleansing too place . 
  by your position , a country will end up becoming 100 countries due to different opinions . 
  krajina was legally territory belonging to the socialist republic of croatia , croatia who had legal right to leave yugoslavia , krajian did not have legal right top leave croatia . 
  all ** federal states ** had right to leave.serbs did n't want to leave until pressure from belgrade and milosevic , propaganda convincing serbs that croats will kill them all if croatian independence is gained . 
  this was stated by serbian witness during icty court hearings . 
  krajina never had autonomy and was self declared including a region that had a hugely sizable non-serbian population . 
  crimea is overwhelmingly russian . 
  serbs in croatia were but a pawn in belgrade 's war games . 
  serbs keep in mind , were guaranteed the same rights as any croat so that discrimination wo n't take place . 
  i mean , should each persons 's house be it 's own country ? 
   i merely state that the will of the people there is the most important factor in determining future borders and regions . 
  well the majority ruled . 
  croatia became independent . 
  but if you want to make everyone happy , then make each house a country . 
  there are croatian communities scattered across bosnia and serbia . 
  should each be able to become a new nation ? 
  of course not . 
   i do n't wa n't to get in an argument over whether krajna is croatian/serb , i just do n't live there and know enough about it . 
  fair enough . 
  though it 's not an argument . 
  historical professors ( non-croatian ones ) state that it is in fact croatian . 
  the international community refused to recognize krajina as a country . 
  and there was not legal referendum held . 
   no need to lash out on people you barely know . 
  sorry if you took that as `` lashing out '' . 
  does n't matter if i know you or not . 
  i do n't need to know you to see your statement is off . 
  even if i knew you i 'd still correct you .
