  otherwise it comes across the person is saying flanders is a country instead of a county . 
  if i listed san francisco in that list , i would put the ol' stars and stripes . 
  i get it , many serbs infact want rs to be its own , seperate from bih . 
  but i go by official status . 
  edit : grammar, 
  what ? 
  i would report him for that . 
  the medication can only do so much . 
  so england is n't a country then ? 
  sorry , but scotland is infact a nation . 
  rs is n't . 
  not sure why you ca n't grasp that concept . 
  all good . 
  was curiouse how you viewed it is all . 
  yeah , saw some of there comments . 
  they are insane . 
  figured civnewbie is a fake . 
  that or extremely self hating . 
  calling rs a genocidal state is beyond ignorant . 
  of course there are some serbian and diaspora making obscene comments like lolagtorbg . 
  and others defending them . 
  damir apparently acknowledges jasenovac . 
  though i caught him low balling number of victims . 
  when i confronted him , he deleted his comment . 
  i assume they are aluding to war crimes that occured in the rs region . 
  but the way they talk about it is beyond hatefull , and is obviouse they have their agenda . 
  amazing how it all started with a questioning of a flag , and then suddenly everyone goes nuts . 
  crni must be grinning at his work right now . 
  i have nothing against serbs . 
  but do against raving nationalists . 
  if you are going to list towns and the coubtry flags , hungary , czech rep and so on . 
  why not be consistant and use the bih flag ? 
  unless op is implying he did use the national flag . 
  that was the root of this chaotic thread . 
  people who see rs as a nation , and others who do n't . 
   this is the fascist flag of the genocidal entity in b&h . wait what ? 
  milanovic has switched to a new prescription . 
  things are looking up . 
  croatian victims are hardly ever mentioned unfortunately . 
   i actually like serbia and serbs . 
  it 's just that this kind of extreme nationalism is stupid and even bad for them ... 
  agreed . 
  it gives them a bad reputation . 
  and i am taken back by some of the comments here made by people i before thought were level headed . 
  if you question anything , you are essentially attacking them . 
  some even supporting crnaruka 's actions . 
  only one person with serbian flair speaking out about op 's post . 
  hence my joking reply before . 
  no one is arguing geography . 
  just asking why is the rs flag used instead of the countries for which it is in as done for the czech rep , and hungary ? 
  op is implying rs is the primary country . 
   i bet no-one here would be bitching if someone had posted a picture of edinburgh with the scottish flag next to it instead of the union jack scotland is a country though ... are you actually english  because and englishman would know local geography . 
  no one is disputing that though . 
  they are saying that if you are mentioning 2 other countries , why not mention the 3rd ? 
  but that sends some serbian into a fit of rage it seems . 
  so that makes it right ? 
  christ ... 
  so you view rs as an independent nation separate from bih i 'm guessing ? 
  in your view , visegrad is not in bih ? 
   why do you oh-so vehemently hate serbs who choose to differentiate their heritage from croats and bosniaks ? 
  how does he hate serbs ? 
  what ? 
  also where does he say that only croats and bosniaks can differentiate ? 
  nether of them due since neither have the equivalent of rs . 
  is it so hard to admit crnaruka is trolling with his post , purposely putting that flag to push his views ? 
  what the hell is there to argue ? 
  til ; you are anti-serbian if you do n't think republicka srpska is an independent nation from bih . 
  actually , gist of conversation is `` if you do n't see rs as a separate nation , you are anti-serb , and that country/entity , same difference . '', 
  honestly , you and the other commentors doing damage control in the comment section are being pathetic . 
  rs is not yet a country , simple is that . 
  what is there to argue ? 
  bosnian-serbs are that , bosnian-serbs , no one said otherwise . 
  i do n't see croats or bosniaks doing this in bih . 
  i noticed op does this for pictures of scenery , national parks and so on . 
  he goes out of his way to never mention the country . 
   i just wanted to express how serbs feel . 
  there are different serbs with different opinions  i see a lot of negativity around here to them . 
  same can be said about croats , bosniaks and so on . 
  croats have taken more shit in the past few weeks on here . 
  so if you do n't see rs as a country but as an entity , you are anti-serbian ? 
  victim card ? 
  dude , come on ... reason why you see negativity is because of commentors refusing to come to grips with reality and chastising anyone who questions them . 
  anti-serbian sentiment detected . 
  anyone offended by this , has lost grips with reality . 
  never forget . 
  are you serious or joking . 
  because that all sounds plausible . 
  what ? 
  neat mental gymnastics . 
  almost got me . 
  rs is not a nation . 
  so why not put the country 's flag for which visegrad exists in like the other two ? 
  given the guys history , it is obvious what he is trying to imply . 
  three places , only 2 are countries . 
  edit : if there was a visagrad in the us , the us flag would be there , not the state . 
  texas is n't a country ... ... yet . 
  well , to be fair , he is implying something . 
  which makes it such a brilliant bait . 
  edit : if there was a visegrad in vojvodina , serbia and the poster put the vojvodina flag instead of the serbian flag would you feel the same ? 
  he put the rs flag next to hungarian flag .
