  but it was certain that all in the village would be in harms way of bosniak forces , not just serbian military personnel ? 
   he found it suitable to enter srebrenica and to kill all men of military age . 
  not even capture as pows ? 
  he should of realized doing that would definitely put serbs in danger . 
   the only kind of people i ca n't stand are nationalists and fundamentalists . 
  comment well said !, 
  and at home . 
   his army did save some serbian villages from getting slaughered was it certain those civvilans would have been in danger or just his side of the story ? 
  i read he was soley part of a criminal enterprise . 
  i dont doubt there were generals who were rightfuly defending , but was he really one of them ? 
  just asking . 
  his broken glasses will go in a museum . 
  they will be honored . 
  something something some damn fool , something something in the balkans . 
  that made me quite sad . . 
  well , they also gave medals since they may have not known the rest of the story . 
  they hear that they fight nazis and think automatically the good guys . 
  as for orders given to massacre , wiki entry says he knew what his chetnik forces were doing . 
  now i know wikipedia can be a dodgy place , but there are letters listed . 
  it is said draza saw massacres as a `` success '' . 
  it may be true that he knew . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chetniks#terror_tactics_and_cleansing_actions much like the ustase sawing that , man 's head , as you mentioned , chetniks resorted to atrocious methods of killing as well , heart removal for example ( see link ) . 
  evil individuals taking advantage of the times to please their blood lust . 
  that is why i view both factions as evil . 
  and mihailovic as well . 
  though the chetnik formation was a response to ustase crimes . 
  they were also barbaric . 
   and im sure my computer wont be able to handle the graphics at full settings . 
  what 's specs you running ? 
  i plan to purchase for pc as well . 
  edit : grammar, 
  this is brilliant . 
  yep, 
  essentially, 
  did n't albanians start the whole mess by flying that flag to begin with ? 
  pope is like , `` wtf man ? '', 
  could `` liberland '' be the driving force for improved relations between croatia and serbia ? 
  that youtube channel seems full of drunks ... 
  balkanization came after the term balkans . 
   2l soda bottle in the usa . 
  yeah not waterbottle . 
  americans dont ' t drink water . 
   firstly i am a serbian nationalist and i think that is something to be proud of since a nationalist is not something to be ashamed of , i love my country while i respect other countries . 
  i am not a nazi nor am i a racist i simply love my country . 
  then call yourself a patriot . 
  nationalism is not what you described . 
  there are many reasons serbs should be proud to be serbian . 
   i did not mean that they were all orthodox that was not the point of my post , when they came to the balkans there was no orthodoxy , they were tribals who were polytheists . 
  ah , well then okay . 
   but the point of my comment was that we are the same people , same blood , and they are now sawing heads . 
  its disgusting and shameful . 
  the evil of that time is beyond explanation but extreme nationalism . 
  croats and serbs have most in common . 
  why they treat each other as such enemies is insane . 
   thirdly i did ask you the reason behind dragoljub mihailovic 's rehabilitation , not about the chetnik movement from what i understand it is believed the communist trial was a scam . 
  i still think he is guilty based on things i have read about him . 
  i have a strong disdain for ustase , chetniks and partisans . 
  partisans although never collaborated with the fascists were scum criminals also . 
  aside from all this politics . 
  i am fucking pumped for fallout 4 !, 
  been too long since the last one . 
  hoping it 's worth the wait . 
  some say the graphics are lack lustr . 
  but i could n't car eless really . 
  look decent enough to me . 
  yep , i 'm subscribed to there . 
  well i mean , denmark did n't have to deal with social uprising , war and conflict . 
  quite an off comparison . 
  i actually agree . 
  the reason is the wish to make him appear innocent . 
   were we talking about the rehabilitation of the chetnik movement or the rehabilitation of dragoljub mihailovic ? 
  both  am i delusional perhaps ? 
  considering i saw this was a recent comment you made , under an ustase link submission . 
  no doubt . 
   yes , before that they were all orthodox , the now croats converted to catholicism since they were closest to the catholic church and it put ultimatums for them to convert quick search says otherwise . 
  your posts lead me to believe you are possibly just another serbian nationalist . 
  which is unfortunate since you seem to also be a fallout fan :( . 
  any other `` guess '' would be the wrong answer . 
  it was nationalists who made it happen . 
  i 'm impressed at how you manufactured some sort of american chauvinistic dominance narrative from my comment . 
  bravo . 
  so the world is wrong when the complain about america in iraq and afghanistan . 
  we are to irrelevant to have caused trouble there right , brave warrior ? 
  my point is that america needs to stop meddling in the middle eats , stop blindly helicopter parenting israel and focus in itself . 
  but you want america there . 
  no matter how tough you portay israel to be . 
  hell it took the brits to give israelis that land back to live on . 
  powerful lobbying from the far right ? 
  i agree . 
  yes they were n't organized . 
  there were different factions spread across the region . 
  but there are letters proving draza was aware of some of the atrocities happening and was alright with it . 
  also there was an agenda . 
  an ethnically pure state . 
   the first year we have a bad tourist season is the year we go down like greece need industry . 
  [ but dem curves tho ] ( http://newscrib.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/crooo.jpg ), 
  you know that is a ass bottle of water when an american points it out . 
  lmao, 
  why not just invert colors of gay flag ? 
  in balkans even languages are balkanized .
