zip it, 
  dad who we got in a fight with and moved out after a fight he lost , but we get along now . 
  you sound a little bitter . 
   internet is not your american playground , you know . 
  we 're all here ( just not so loud ) . 
  god you are annoying . 
  if he had said `` everyone knows netflix , you would have said '' the internet is not an american playground we do n't pay attention to all your sites . '', 
  but since he was humble and did n't want to assume everyone knows it , you still act like an ass . 
  do you not see the irony of talking shit to an american about being loud on the internet because you know the american service netflix while on the american site reddit ? 
  was that loud enough for you ? 
  insufferable . 
  yeah , i totally get that . 
  i actually think it was a good effort ( that wo n't work at all ) . 
  however , when all the comments are mocking student loans , etc. , it 's just pathetic . 
  all i 'm saying is that if you are going to talk shit , back it up and be active in those subs . 
  do n't just sit around complaining about americans talking about american things . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  did n't you see they put together a list of eurocentric subreddits ? 
  they do n't need or want us anymore !, 
  those subs are huge and active . 
  lol, 
  do you mean gypsy posts ? 
  yeah i guess not too many . 
  the pop up in enough comments though . 
   many of them do not support the actions of putin . 
  wrong , he has massive support . 
  regardless , that is no reason to be racist . 
  reply the anti-semtism with anti-gypsy and you have this sub . 
  b. . . b. . but europe has unity through diversity . 
  you were gon na teach ` dem ` muricans to stfu about 401ks and student loans . 
  were n't you there bro ? 
  and do you think these euro subs op has pasted above will be active a few months from now ? 
  it will be interesting to watch . 
  if they are active , i 'll never bring up any of this again , because it means you have gotten your act together instead of bitching . 
  ok , i got butthurt wrong . 
  but i guess you agree with the rest of what i said . 
  no , no . 
  to me , this is the same as people complaining for 40 years that americans dominate media . 
  europe has produced no alternative . 
  we are the largest english speaking language market in the world . 
  this is an english language website which happens to be based in the us . 
  so it 's quite obvious that it is going to be dominated by americans . 
  op 's post actually is n't bad at all , but the comments are a cringfest of complaining . 
  just accept that you guys will never have any viable alternative to reddit , and there are a lot of americans on here . 
  i tell you what , i 'm going to set a reminder in two months for me to look at all the subs that op has listed above . 
  i bet you there is next to no activity in any of them . 
  because you guys are all talk . 
  finally , someone here gets it . 
  it 's been a long time since the war , kick us out and disband nato . 
  then europe can blaze its own path . 
  na , i hear ya . 
  its cool and funny to make fun of americans for talking about american things on an american website . 
  no doubt the are purposefully doing it annoy europeans . 
  why does n't europe make a knock off reddit like you are trying to do with gps system . 
  just do n't fuck up euroreddit like you did with those satellites . 
  * butthurt detected *, 
  it 's not exactly a secret that the germans are arrogant cunts . 
   i would say that `` german-love '' in france is nose diving fast recently . 
  why ? 
  it was mean , but i guess you are right , i did not tie the topic together . 
  a romanian explained people there like the uk because what there hear from people who have immigrated there . 
  that was the point i was trying to make . 
  and i really do have a personal affection for so many of the eastern europeans ; polish , croatian , bosnian , kosovar , so on and so forth . 
  such down to earth people . 
   nyc is overrated . 
  i do n't get the appeal of it . 
  than you are one of the very , very few . 
  it can be a tiring place to live , but with london , it is one of two world cities . 
  that alone should say enough . 
  seattle is great , miami blows , sf is the second coolest city in the us , dying to go to austin and hawaii . 
  no was quite interesting . 
  i was just making a trollish comment , no need to apologize . 
  everyone took the bait though . 
  i was sure there was some context i was missing . 
  our politicians fight to see who can wave the most flags ... 
  i 've traveled plenty without incident , thank you . 
  however , i think these immigrants send back positive stories about the us , which helps our standing in the countries they came from . 
  and when their family visits they are directly exposed , it 's a good thing for us . 
  the same appears to be happening with romanians in the uk . 
  well we have lots of great beer here , and in nyc , tons of amazing food . 
  a lot of places in the country has not so great food though ... 
  honestly , i do n't know if you could classify americans as overly polite , but i do think we are very friendly , especially to strangers . 
  we want everyone to feel welcome . 
  we 'd love to keep you here if we could . 
  i met a super nice dane last christmas , in quite random circumstances , at my jewish sister in law 's place in the middle of nowhere in upstate , ny . 
  it was snowing ( it snows every single day there in the winter ) , and because this dane had lived in brazil for the past 10 years , he was so , so excited about a white christmas . 
  quite an endearing fellow . 
  he had married a brazilian and met a friend of my sils boyfriend 10 years ago or something . 
  trust me , post-industrial , depopulated , economically depressed central ny is the last place you would expect to run into a brazilian and a dane . 
  hope you get to visit us soon . 
  i mean this with all sincerity , this was by far the wittiest reply i have ever had the honor of receiving on reddit . 
  bravo . 
  you guys are getting better , i saw the world cup celebrations . 
  now seriously , stop being so hard on yourselves . 
  it is n't healthy . 
  ugh , let the guy wave the flag angela !!, 
  ugh , i thought i was replying to a comment from the polish guy who said the polish think all romanians are gypsies . 
  i lived in the uk , you guys are a-ok in my book !, 
  ignorant is not how i would describe you . 
  and now i see the polish guy says that is changing .
