  [ children of lir . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/children_of_lir ) jealous stepmother uses magic to change her 3 step-children into swans for 900 years , and for some reason they have to spend 300 years suffering in 3 different lakes . 
  husband got angry and turned the evil stepmother into an air demon forever . 
  they survived a bunch of storms [ created by the air demon ] and all kinds of stuff that was dangerous to swans because they stayed together . 
  as soon as the spell is over they turn back into humans , they instantly wither away and die because they were 900 years old . 
  and then they were buried close together as they were always close together in their 900 year swan life . 
  it was often taught as a metaphor for the struggle for irish independance . 
  and `` aoife '' the evil air demon stepmother became a very popular girls name for some reason . 
  [ the salmon of knowledge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salmon_of_knowledge ) there was a character from a long series of stories called fionn mac cumhaill who was a hero and all round warrior bad ass . 
  when he was a young boy his warrior trainer spent 7 years fishing for this magical fish that contained all the worlds information . 
  the thing was only one person could eat it to gain the fish 's magic powers . 
  fionn was told to cook the fish for his teacher but not to eat any of it . 
  he burned his thumb while cooking the fish and put his thumb in his mouth . 
  he then gained all of the worlds knowledge and the fish was useless to anyone else . 
  for the rest of his life any time he sucked his thumb he could use his infinite information power . 
  he still somehow died in in battle . 
  a smelting accident ? 
  although goldmember was dutch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2snabbaishy, 
  you earned it . 
  well done . 
  the orange is for william of orange , representing protestants . 
  technically the irish flag does not have any official meaning . 
   it 's awfully obvious the thread was made to hinder free discussion and stop articles from making the frontpage . 
  no - it was done to prevent the entire front page from being taken up entirely by immigration posts . 
  there are subreddits specifically for that sort of thing , and there is a stickied thread at the top of the front page for all your shitposting needs . 
  try to keep it there . 
  nope , who someone 's ancestors were does not really mean anything here . 
  living in ireland is what makes a person irish . 
  really ? 
  the reaction of most people here to the crimea/donbass thing was more surprise and alarm rather than comparing it to anything in our history . 
  edit : done a search on this , found one online group . 
  it said you had to sign in to view most of their website , yet you can still look at the google cached version . 
  yeah they are part of a tiny minority of very far out crazy people . 
  communist/dissident republican types yet it does not say which organization the website belongs to . 
  most likely just some teenagers and a few retarded adults . 
  the site probably has tens , maybe even dozens of users . 
  vinegar first , then salt . 
  so that the salt sticks . 
  also nobody 's country got vaporized by nukes . 
  that was kind of win/win, 
  potato farls are shite , the only reason they are in an ulster fry is they are cheaper than meat . 
  russia also vetoed our entry to the united nations until after stalin died . 
  he was pissed off we did not fight the germans in wwii . 
  [ carbohydrates intensify ], 
  how did it not suffocate ? 
  i ` ts head must have been poking out i guess ... what did they do about the distressed chirping ? 
  what about the claws ? 
  so many questions ... 
  do n't think so , our one refinery produces 30-40 % of the fuel we use and 1/3 of its output is exported . 
  it is a good thing to have since any fuel crisis can be lessened by just buying crude oil from a different part of the world . 
  we even have a refinery , and buy in crude . 
  it is probably not that hard to do . 
  realistically they need to take religion out of publicly funded schools , you can build all the educate together schools you like but it will never fix anything . 
  people want to be able to send their child to the local national school , near where they live , religion should not come into the equation in a public school . 
  we were offered that choice twice . 
  rejected it both times ... look at the uk ... do you want to end up like them ... because that 's how you end up like them . 
  inb4 someone chimes in with `` but they teach all religons '' - no they teach a small bit about the abrahamic faiths and how they relate to christiainity , from the catholic perspective . 
  that is the syllabus . 
  the only class i listened to in religon was to see was the episode where the teacher would read a 4 sentance blurb in a textbook on humanism/sceularism and i knew she would have to talk about it . 
  the talk that was given was : `` some people have not fully decided a religon , they might get into heaven too if they are good people . 
  napoleon was a humanist , and he might not have been too bad i suppose '' . 
  this was the total discussion on secularism a 2 year seinor high school religon class . 
  other interesting topics included how porn was bad and serial killers looked at it . . how living in sin was wrong ect . . 
  i recall even recall one teacher even saying that some of the victims of the stardust nightclub fire in the 1980s were fortunate because they could have went home and sinned that night ... and not made it into heaven . 
  this was in the mid 2000s in a large catholic public secondary school in a large town in ireland . 
  i doubt it has changed much since . 
  i imagine the discussions in that school last year on the marriage equality referendum would have been interesting to say the least . 
  yeah here you can rent a mini-keg of for around $ 100 ( $ 200 but $ 100 refundable when you give back the empty keg tubes and tap ) . 
  think there is 55 pints in it , its around the same price as drinking cans . 
  it sound crazy and it is . 
  but not too many people seem bothered with it since everyone went through the same system . 
  in theory you can opt out of religious instruction but the amount of people that do is very low . 
  your options are have your child sit in a separate class on their own doing their homework while the rest of their friends are singing about jesus . 
  in secondary school i rembember being given the choice to do an extra subject , with all the extra work and exams and stuff or sit quietly through religion class and not have to do any work . 
  i was not religious but of course i chose the fall asleep in the back of a religion class option . 
  both from a fitting in point of view and an avoiding work point of view . 
  they give the illusion of choice , if you do n't do things their way for your child 's teachers and other parents will think bad of you . 
  you have to single your child out as different from the rest if you do n't want the catholic church to teach them religion , and you are told you are causing a fuss and they are being so generous to accommodate the tiny minority you are - even though it is your constitutional right . 
  looking back on what school was like as an adult it is surprising that the catholic church does not have more support since they are given every opportunity from age 7-18 to indoctrinate the whole population . 
  religion should only be taught outside of schools , because in a child 's mind the person that teaches them multiplication tables and the person that teaches them the `` fact '' that bread is made of jesus does so from the same desk with the same authority . 
  it is absolutely insane but it has been that way for so long that few ever give it a second thought . 
  in practice one area where separation of church and state has failed to happen is education . 
  the vast majority of primary schools ( tax funded ) are operated under a catholic ethos . 
  the remainder are operated by other churches . 
  there also are a few `` educate together '' multi denominational schools . 
  what this means is that cathoilc children [ ones that have been baptised ] get preferential treatment when it comes to allocation of places within a school , and ones that are not catholic can be pushed further down the waiting list any time a catholic family joins the list . 
  parents have a right to decide that their children not receive religious instruction in a publicly funded school if that is their decision - however it is not often respected . 
  you pretty much have to baptize your kid to get them into school and from the church 's point of view the kid is now a catholic and must learn for communion and confirmation . 
  teachers are the only workers in this country that can be legally discriminated against or even fired for being lgbt or non catholic . 
  they can not legally be directly asked if they are catholic but during a job interview they are often asked `` this school operates under a catholic ethos , do you have any issues with that '' - if they answer that they do ... then no job . 
  also * all * of the primary school teacher training colleges in ireland are religious . 
  abortion here is also illegal here . 
  yeah , there are a lot of things in ireland that really suck in regards to the influence of the catholic church , but they are loosing public support and loosing it fast . 
  exactly . 
  no sources . 
  people always say about the risk of being sued and how it has happened before but you never hear of an actual lawsuit . 
  the thing is if they gave food away for free prices would go down . 
  that is often cited as a reason for food wastage , however i have looked for and not ever found an example where someone sued for food that was about to go short dated . 
  they do n't need to worry about high powered layers representing the hungry , they waste food deliberately to keep the prices high . 
  if the ad is bilingual , answering it in either language should be fine .
