  she was nasty enough to the greeks and they stayed . 
  the eu owes the uk no favors , what the uk did is like bitching about everything for years then drunkenly sending a picture of their balls to their employer , waking up and expecting to come back or even leave on good terms like nothing happened . 
  the ramekin is a french idea . 
  sorry britain , but i 'm afraid you will have to eat from the tin . 
  which sub would cater best to people 's shitposting needs then ? 
  you can go to anywhere on reddit today and find serious discussion about the brexit . . 
  so far today facebook has been comedy gold and i thing reddit is missing out . 
  can you do a separate mega-thread for dank memes , facebook stuff and other low effort content ? 
  because i actually want to see more of that . 
  it is going to be bad for the pound for the next few years until the uk decide when and how they are actually leaving . 
  but yes i 'd say the initial reaction in the market to anything like this is always an over reaction . 
  ok maybe just five then ... as cool as this will be for me to go on a shopping trip to northern ireland next week and buy out the whole place for less than a fiver ... a weak sterling will kind of still suck for ireland too since you guys will buy less of our stuff . . since from your perspective it got expensive ... and you are our largest export market ... good luck with the whole post brexit thing though , uncharted territory ... no telling what 's going to happen ... 
  wait , soon you will be able to get six wheelbarrows for a euro :p, 
  i think it is a pretty clear advertisement , i do n't understand a single word of french but still would have known what the posters were about . 
  i recognized the red ribbon for hiv , and got the message behind the paint transferring from one person to another . 
  for a public health ad it is pretty good - and was probably designed in such a way that french people with literacy problems or even people that do n't speak the language at all would still be able to get the message . 
  the only people on here that seem confused about the ad are the ones that were actually able to read the text . 
  one of the drunken herd damaged the car , the rest of the herd felt collective responsibility and tried to make things right again . 
  it is better than if everyone just left and ignored it . 
  ireland left out :( someone made an older version using dublin 's major buildings though https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be8tn1bdpfe, 
  why not china ? 
  the chinese are a great bunch of lads . 
  why not ? 
  i thought we were being ridiculous , no ? 
   because the u.s. is n't a european country . 
  most of russia is east of the urals , i.e. 
  is located in asia , australia is in the eurovision , and there are bits of france located in the caribbean , greenland is much closer to north america than it is to continental europe , and they used to be a member ... not sure why any of this matters ...  if so , then russia should certainly stop trying to dominate its neighbors !, 
  yes ? 
   indeed , i certainly do n't know where exactly you got the 3 ( three ) germanys figure from . 
  i guessed ( overestimating the population of russia and underestimating the population of germany ) . 
  [ my life is potato ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zk0pnitntu ), 
  why not let the united states into the eu by that logic ? 
  they are even more populous , and also set the stage for the creation of the eu in the first place , in addition to fighting the nazis there was also the whole marshal aid plan thing after world war ii . 
  it would n't be in the interest of either the eu or the russia for them to be a member . 
  if russia were to become a proper democracy , great ... we could become better neighbors and trading partners . 
  russia is large enough on it 's own , it has no need to be in the eu , nor does the eu need a member the size of 3 germanys put together . 
  i know the catholics are bad but when did they start stoning people ? 
  facebook killed msn more than anything else . 
  there are more `` german americans '' than there are americans that think they are irish, 
  came here to say the irish drink more tea per person than the uk, 
  ah he might be a gowl sometimes but there are higher order gowls than him . 
   there 's no requirement for a border between the uk and the republic of ireland to be enforced . 
  there probably will need to be one . 
  we do n't know for sure yet . 
  a lot of farmland and villages sat on borders in former yugoslavia too . . and they had wars with each other up to the 90s . 
  an england/scotland border would be far easier to do . 
  i used to read it for the page 3 boobs . 
  they no longer do that . 
  then again the internet is a thing now . 
  ireland uses common law . 
  the whole point of it is it does scale well with changes . 
  each time a case goes to a high court or supreme court , the details of how the law is interpreted in various situations get worked out in gradual small steps - that way the law still evolves without having major changes all of a sudden . 
  concentration camp :  a camp where persons ( as prisoners of war , political prisoners , or refugees ) are detained or confined . 
  from websters dictionary . 
  no it is a valid use of the term , so is internment camp . 
  concentration camp is not synonymous with nazis or extermination camps ... 
  they existed before and after nazi germany . 
  live with a pole and work with lots of poles . 
  they are forever bitching about poland and other poles . 
  as is tradition . 
  relax man , the barry 's and bewleys is there somewhere . 
  no realli !, 
  she was karving her initials on the c\u00f8w with the sharpened end of an interspace t\u00f8\u00f8thbrush given her by svenge - her brother-in-law - an oslo dentist and star of many norwegian m\u00f8vies : `` the h\u00f8t hands of an oslo dentist '' , `` fillings of passion '' , `` the huge m\u00f8lars of horst nordfink '', 
  mind you c\u00f8w bites can be pretty nasti, 
  built approximately 1100 bc, 
  we need to build a wall and make northern ireland pay for it . 
  well , conscription ... if you view that as a violation of civil liberties, 
  without knowing precisely what the danger is , would you say it 's time for our viewers to crack each other 's heads open and feast on the goo inside ? 
  no asses were saved at all . 
  also ; the game, 
  i am of banned ; deported to siberia :(, 
  you are allowed to link to / r/polandball just not to x-post the sub . 
  i mean it 's not fight club ... 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  true . 
  and we 'll build a wall and make northern ireland pay for it , 
  it is about liking or disliking . 
  you just said someone can be prosecuted because someone else feels insulted . 
  that is totally ridiculus . 
  obviously there are situations like inciting violence , or harassment or threatening that are crimes in their own right but this article is about germany wanting to censor what it considers `` fake news '' . 
  this is limiting freedom of the press and freedom of speech . 
  who decides what exactly `` human dignity '' is defined as ? 
  for instance is an offensive mohammad or jesus cartoon acceptable ? 
  would critisism of angela merkel offend her `` human dignity '' ? 
  did n't germany ban a cartoon about erdogan ? 
  i prefer the idea that speech i do not like be allowed to be published than restricting what others are allowed to say . 
  i 'm not saying that there should be no consequences for saying whatever you like ... for instance a company should be able to fire an employee for posting racism , but the government should n't be able to punish someone for their opinion - no matter how outlandish . 
  if you do n't like something do n't read it , there is no reason to ban it for everyone else . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  do you not view government censorship as a violation of your rights ? 
  you should . 
  and the opinion of the german government or any other government should not dictate what facebook are allowed say on the internet or anywhere else . 
  the nazis started by burning and banning books they did not like , you would think germany of all places would understand why the government deciding what information is legal is a problem . 
  whichever country they take the money for selling ads they should pay tax like any other company . 
  i 'm against the idea of any `` criminal code '' that tells people what kind of speech is or is not acceptable . 
   so you think that internet companies should be exempt from national law . 
  when it comes to what content is allowed - yes . 
  national governments should not be able to censor the internet . 
  if you do n't like what is on a website , then do n't go to that website , it 's pretty simple . 
  as soon as you start making exceptions to the right to freedom of speech then the whole idea of freedom of speech goes out the window .
