  their policy seems to be , get all the money and infrastructure for their own small rural area . . and say fuck you to everyone else , and not care what 's good for the country at large . 
  they brag about how corrupt they are as if it is a good thing ... depressingly it seems to work for them ... 
  him and his brother hold 2 of the 166 seats in parliament , their father ( now deceased ) previously held the balance of power in a coalition government ... got a lot of roads built in his hometown ... 
  the locals practically worshiped him ... 
  i remembered that he claimed there was one year in the 1800s that the sun did not rise at all ... as in 365 days of darkness . . ( o_o ) he is ignorant and proud of being ignorant ... 
  so are his supporters ... 
  i do n't believe for one second he actually buys into any of his own bullshit , he is an educated guy and a rich businessman ... his popularity just comes from `` acting '' retarded . 
  [ no , we are starting to get a few of those morons in ireland too ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2e-goen3dm ), 
  good riddance, 
  they are talking about getting content taken off google and youtube . 
  google has the right to take down whatever i wants from its own platforms . 
  do n't like it ? 
  host your own material . . 
  [ `` fixed '' the irish one ... ] ( https://i.imgur.com/pev0yki.png ) it still somehow rustles my jimmies ... 
  it 's as variable in quality as the guy you get it from ... 
  same with the price ... sometimes good ... more times bad ... 
  i wish there was some kind of standard to pills though ... it 's a common mistake for someone to take one - wait 30 minutes , think nothing is happening ... take another 2 or 3 ... then end up trying to eat their own teeth an hour later ... 
  a bit strong ... 
  hence the saying : do n't be daft , start with a half, 
  is it any good ? 
  any design with a good reputation only stays that way for an while before everyone starts copying it . . 
  and edam , boerenkaas , massdammer , limburger etc. ... the range of varieties was bewildering ... pesto cheese , coconut cheese even blueberry and vodka cheese . 
  they make very high quality dairy stuff they can be proud of ... also the only place in europe i 've been to besides ireland with good quality butter . 
  i visited the golden age cheese store in amsterdam only last week ... drank way too much wine , ate way too much cheese ... 10/10 would recommend . 
  with all the fantastic cheeses the netherlands produces , i would have thought they wanted to protect the word cheese more than anything else . 
  block the galaxy 's most resilient torrent site ... lol, 
  what about peanutbutter ? 
  not really . 
  lte latency is no good for stuff games ... also while lte speeds are really good i would n't like them for a home connection , the upload speeds would annoy me . 
  mobile internet wo n't match the likes of a 300mb cable connection yet . 
  i find mobile broadband speeds are better out the country , maybe less people connecting to a mast . 
  4g covers the vast majority of the population . 
  even the smallest villages pretty much have 4g . 
  everyone else would have to contact you on what to them is a foreign number . 
  i have unlimited data in a pay as you go thing . 
  you can just ask for a sim card , registering your name or address with the phone company is completely optional . 
  there is always a risk of individuals or small groups doing one-off bad things in the small scale . 
  a large organized campaign of violence that involves hundreds or thousands of people is a different matter entirely . 
  that takes lots of manpower , lots of people with ( para ) military training and experience and expensive and scarce equipment that just is n't available anymore . 
  i think anyone would find it difficult to move large amounts of weapons or money around these days . 
  in the post 9/11 world you ca n't just go to one of the many tin pot dictatorships like they were a supermarket and buy weapons like rocket launchers , mortars , night vision stuff , fancy military radios etc. . . like you could in the 70s/80s ... at least in nowhere close to the scale of things they were using back during the troubles . 
  guns and money smuggling is probably a lot more difficult than it used to be too . 
  probably not all the terrorist groups that were large enough to consider really dangerous decommissioned their weapons in front of international weapons inspectors years ago . 
  worst case scenario is rioting , throwing rocks , maybe the odd jackass shotgun or molotov cocktail ... thankfully nobody has the weaponry to attempt the troubles 2.0 also since the troubles pretty much finished in 1999 anyone that was actually involved in violence is an old man by now . 
  what could happen is stuff like the flag riots a few years ago , not large scale conflict like before, 
  their previous shenanigans included supporting apartheid regime in south africa ... also bought a lot of weapons from them ... 
  wait a minute ... 
  shenanigans are normally cheeky and fun , these were cruel and tragic ... 
  you are probably right . 
  we had a situation where nobody `` won '' our last election - it took 3 months for the largest party to form a minority government . 
  the country did not descend into chaos as many predicted ... 
  it ca n't even take that long in the uk because of the fixed term parliament act . 
  even though the same largest party remained in power ( supported by confidence and supply agreements ) they have to actually co-operate with other parties to pass laws and get stuff done . 
  i really disliked the previous government , but even though the new one is mostly the exact same people , they have to run the country differently than they would have liked to . 
  the policies of the current government more closely resemble what the average person voted for as opposed to hardcore supporters of any one particular party . 
  it 's the first time i have ever remembered bills written by the opposition not only being seriously discussed but actually being passed . 
  we approved one law on rent control ( written by the second biggest party ) and one new law on medical cannabis ( written by a party with only 3 seats ) ... 
  but mostly no, 
  he is slightly to the right of genghis khan, 
  that 's close to 120 km, 
  assuming spherical popes of uniform density in a vacuum, 
  i want them to build a big beautiful wall and make northern irelamd pay for it !, 
  the moral of the story is : the protestors won and you do n't have to pay for water twice . 
  you 're welcome . 
  https://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/a-brief-history-of-water-charges-in-ireland-1.2007574  november 2010 :  the government publishes the memorandum of understanding on th ** e conditions of the $ 85 billion eu-imf bailout which says water charges will be introduced in 2012 or 2013 ** , by which time metering is to have been installed across the state . 
  this is a year earlier than expected . 
  it also says the responsibility for water will be transferred from local authorities to a new water utility . 
  my pants are also free from flame damage . 
  thanks for your concern . 
  the problem is n't paying for water itself its this was going to be yet another way of squeezing more money out of people , for something we were already paying for . 
  another tax , at a time when public services were still being cut . 
  this was the last straw for a lot of people who were already suffering financially . 
  the governments dictatorial attitude about it made people more determined to fight it too . 
  honestly it was one of the few times i 've seen protesting actually work . 
  the big users of water ( agricultural and industrial ) already had water meters and paid bills , and the vast majority of wastage was through underground leaks the govt just did n't care about and are never going to fix . 
  people still fix leaks in their houses ... 
  they do n't need water meters to tell them to do that . 
  except there is no real problem with domestic water wastage . 
  it 's ireland , we have plenty of water . 
  if they really cared about water wastage that they would fix the underground leaks that waste billions of liters a year ... 
  but no the water bill was all about for paying banking debts not fixing leaks . 
   most people paid nope . 
  irish water refused to publish statistics of how many actually paid , but we do know it was less than 50 % . 
  iw actually lost money overall . 
  they spent far more on sending out bills than they actually collected . 
   some people pay for water while some people do n't we pay through general taxation just like before - irish water is pretty much dead now and is not coming back . 
  those that paid are getting refunded ( hopefully ) . 
  a lot of people that disagreed with iw paid too out of fear ( incl . 
  me - i paid the first bill ) . 
  the average person in ireland probably made the same or higher wages 10 years ago than they do today . 
  two new taxes on income were brought in during the banking crisis as a `` temporary '' measure , the pensions levy and universal social charge . 
  usc is not going away anytime soon . 
  this understandably pissed a lot of people off , getting wage cuts and higher taxes at the same time . 
  ( as well as cuts to public services ) then the gov ' t tries to charge for domestic water , which up until now was a public service paid out of general taxation ( businesses were already metered ) . 
  all this was conditions of the imf bailout and has nothing to do with saving water or maintaining our infrastructure . 
  the irish people told the government to get fucked , hundreds of thousands of people protested , more than half the country did n't pay the water bills . . irish water stopped sending bills and there will probably be refunds for people who did pay . 
  no government will be able to bring in water charges in future ... 
  it would be political suicide ... 
  epic sax guy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws4coisklac, 
  tricky to find a place alright , but you will find a single room in a house share for that in town if you keep looking .
