   tonight we man the `` bearna baoil '' , [ irish for gap of danger ]  in erin 's cause , come woe or weal ,  'm id cannon 's roar and rifles ' peal ,  we 'll chant a soldier 's song it was originally written in english , but only the irish language version of the song is normally sung . 
  japan 's criminal justice system has much to be desired also . 
  police can detain people without charge for quite a long time , their interrogation methods have been criticized by amnesty international and though torture is not often reported there is a 99 % confession rate . 
  japan would n't meet eu standards . 
  i agree . 
  but not for your standard murderer , but for someone guilty of terrorism , war crimes , someone who kills another inmate or prison officer , organizes murder from inside prison , serial killers and the like , i think it really is the only appropriate punishment . 
  no idea why it is such an unpopular opinion on r/europe a sizable minority here would prefer if we brought back hanging , and it was one of the few things i disagreed with in the lisbon treaty - why should the eu be able to prevent my country from bringing back the death penalty if we wanted . 
  that 's it , i 'm calling you out youngfella !, 
  my family will bate the shite out of your family . 
  i 'm only after using the last of the salt on me potatoes , to be sure to be sure . 
  ^ ^ the ^ ^ state ^ ^ of ^ ^ ye , ^ ^ west-brit . 
  except people do say things like `` im after doing x '' or repeat the verb when answering a yes/no question all the time . 
  and there is nothing wrong with any of that . 
  it is how irish people generally speak english . 
  you just seem to have a problem with it for who knows what reason , and want to pretend that we talk differently than we actually do . 
  you are a walking example of [ cultural cringe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_cringe ) , you think gay is an insult , and have some mad idea that people from dublin do n't talk like this even more noticeably . 
  do you ever be listenin ' to the joe duffy show on the radio for instance !, 
  in short i think i have you pegged pretty accurately , you like to think you are superior or something , because of your accent or where you live , or some other lame shite that does not really matter at all - but you are really just an insecure little kid , who needs to complain about something to feel comparatively less bad about themself . 
  you seem so insecure , i have pity for you . 
  got a bit of a laugh out of being called quare gay though , have n't heard that one in a while . 
  funny how you think your use of language is superior than others , when i bet that you only speak one language - and probably not even that well , and have probably never even traveled anywhere . 
  if you did you might have an idea how dialects work , but you 're after making yourself look like a right eejit instead . 
  there are several aspects to our grammar that differ from standard am/br english directly because of the irish language . 
  another good example is the way irish people tend to repeat the verb/subject part of a sentence when answering a question , because the irish language does not have words for `` yes '' or `` no '' . 
  example : irish-english q : does rory know what he is talking about ? 
  a : he does n't . 
  example : am/br english q : does rory know what he is talking about ? 
  a : no . 
  he has holes in his hands from crucifixion , therefore ca n't eat peanuts because they keep falling through the holes in his hands . 
  why jesus ca n't eat peanuts ... 
  they fall through his hands, 
  really ? 
  i 'm not that old either ... a pound of mince is the standard plastic tray thing you get in the supermarket ~ 454g in a pound . 
  sausages are still 454g ( pound packs ) . 
  maybe people are starting to use metric a bit more . 
  but for me beer , meat , butter , human weight and height i 'd always think in imperial units . 
  sugar and flour have been kg bags for a long time , and milk has been in liters for quite a while too . 
  even though we converted all our road signs to km/h for speed and km for distance in 2005 i find myself thinking in km for distance but i still convert km/h to mph to understand what a speed is ... even though the signs and the speedometer is in km/h . 
  for instance when i see a 120km sign ... my brain goes `` yeah you can do 75 mph here '', 
  that 's it . 
  meat , is in pounds . 
  although the scales used for selling and all labelling is in metric , you ask for a pound of mince beef , or a quarter-pound of sliced ham . 
  nobody understands metric in those contexts . 
  soylent green would probably be in grams , if it were a pre-packaged commodity . 
  we have that joke in english too , 
  it sounds like it was destroyed by an act of god , perhaps they should blame god ? 
  and then fix their own church ... or not ... who gives a shit ... 
  ctrl + alt then does the same thing, 
  it is really do with us not having wood . 
  we are the least forest covered country in europe , we would have to import it , while we make our own cement here . 
  timber frame if built proplerlly would meet fire safety codes , and their insulation properties are better than concrete . 
  they are just more expensive to build . 
  timber is also only really suitable for detatched houses , since concrete  timber for soundproofing . 
  no good for terraced and semi detatched ( far more common here than in the us , higher density of buildings here ), 
  altgr + vowel = gives \u00e1\u00e9\u00ed\u00f3\u00fa or \u00c1\u00c9\u00cd\u00d3\u00da on any standard keyboard, 
  it wo n't have your name attached to it . 
  it would just be a sample number , with a bunch of demographics . 
  also it is voluntary . 
   ireland : because i like the symbolism of the green , white and orange . 
  green for catholic , orange for protestant and white for peace . 
  that 's what most here in ireland think it means , and what the designers of the flag meant when they designed it , and what the irish government has described it as its meaning . 
  but in law it does not have any official meaning . 
  article 7 of our constitution just says :  the national flag is the tricolour of green , white and orange . 
  symbols mean whatever people want them to mean in context they are using them and in northern ireland , it can mean a bunch of different things , and can be used in a deliberatly provocative manner just like all the other `` fleeeeggs ! '', 
  sorry to get all pedantic ... but it is reddit . 
  besides my own flag , i like the croatian flag , and the portugese one ... 
  i dont really know why, 
  no , it would be an absolutly fantastic resource for healthcare and scientific researchers . 
  it would have uses they hav n't even thought of yet . 
  as sequencing technology and computers get better and cheaper having this vast ammount of data , computers will be looking for patterns and disease associations no human researcher would have time to consider for decades . 
  none of it will be personally identifiable . 
  maybe for a german speaker ? 
  or english to german ? 
  any time i try to read a german news article with gooogle translate it is pretty difficult to follow . 
  i know that irish to english normally works great but english to irish is far less reliable . 
  was thinking as much , idioms and phrases never really translate well in any language . 
  it is funny to see the occasional `` i sacrifice a goat '' come up randomly in chat . . feel like telling him take it easy man it 's only a game . 
  what about people that only do casual things like crazy golf , play golf on wii sports and participate in the odd round of pitch and put or have a go at a driving range ... 
  but never actually take part in an organized club , or set foot in an 18 hole course ? 
  it is mostly understandable , and i do n't speak a word of dutch . 
  the word order seems similar to irish in places . 
  for some reason google translate is really terrible with russian and german . 
  does anyone know why russians seem to say stuff related to `` sacrificing a goat '' in auto translated chat in games ? 
  different user , i just looked at the flags haha, 
  heh , thanks . . 
  i 'm not a legal professional/ametuer of any kind though . 
  it does go to show if court systems operated on direct democracy / r/europe would have sentanced you to the electric chair for your differing opinion on privacy laws . . ( which i actually disagree with you about ) the downvoting hive mind of reddit is easily provoked !, 
  my understanding of it was the scotus decided that state level bans on same sex marriage were unconstitutional . 
  in theory , states could bring in such bans again if they were to ammend the us constitution to allow them this , but the will of the * american * people as opposed to < insert state 's  people would probably never support this . 
  the states in order to be part of the us have to play by federal government rules , and the us constitution trumps any state 's constitutions . 
  the same would have been true of the civil rights act in 1964 banning jim crow laws , many southern states were very much against the idea however america overall decided that it had to happen . 
  i do see your point , what you are talking about is called [ tyranny of the majority ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tyranny_of_the_majority ) and any legal system that does not have some kind of safeguard against it is doomed to fail eventually . 
  except perhaps switzerland , i have no idea how that works . 
  yeah the fee is a bit much , and being an eu citizen anyway i would not blame you for not wanting to pay to get the chance to vote for our terrible politicians once every 5 years , or have the inconvenience of sitting on a jury . 
  ireland considers its citizens irish even if they live abroad/hold another citizenship , so the same system as poland , but i accept that someone can hold more than one citizenship . 
  the only way to loose irish citizenship is to renounce it , and you can only do that if you have another citizenship or are about to get one . 
  if you were to get irish citizenship ireland would recognize you as irish and poland would still recognize you as polish , at the same time . 
  i think someone 's nationality is whatever they declare it is , if they can legally claim it . 
  irish citizens can only vote here if they live here though , which makes sense since there are more people who can claim citizenship living outside the country than there are in ireland . 
  they are still citizens though .
