  suing for libel is considered by most to be defending your good name , and if false things are printed about you , it would be expected that you would sue . 
  if you want to `` set the record straight '' with the public about something the best way to do it is to sue for libel and win . 
  david cameron does not need to prove his innocence , the burden of proof would be with the daily mail to establish they are not printing libel . 
  if he does not sue , people will infer there must be truth to the rumor , he can not let this slide . 
  the daily mail must have some reliable defense of their claim , otherwise if this end 's up in court it will be the end of their newspaper for sure . 
  it is all part of it , i was a very unwilling quitter but i eventually quit . 
  glad that i did now . 
  the prices and not being able to smoke everywhere really helped , as did electronic cigarettes . 
  maybe , in a cultural sense . 
  i think there is a similar `` national personality '' that might have nothing to do with religion . 
  i am not religious , but have quite a few polish friends - some of who go to church , some do n't . 
  either way they tend to have a similar sense of humor to irish people and take life less seriously than the british ( next largest minority here ) . 
  they also have a similar attitude to us in regard to bending/breaking rules and regulations . 
  like us and the greeks ( who also fit in very well in ireland , even though they are orthodox ) we are kind of like the opposite of germans and british . 
  it might also have a lot to do with our shared history of immigration , a lot of irish know what it is like to live abroad so people from other places might not have so much trouble fitting in here . 
  totally disagree . 
  culture changes over time . 
  there is a big difference between parents and children , not to mind going further back than grandparents . 
  if someone grows up in ireland , goes to school here , has their life experience shaped in ireland they are irish . 
  if someone has lived their entire life in america they are american . 
  decent does not matter in the least , at least to the majority of irish people . 
  most of us will never see `` irish americans '' as irish , likewise if someone grows up in ireland they are irish - no matter what their ethnicity . 
  your view on things seems a bit well . . racist ... 
  frikin ' sharks with frickin ' laser beams attached to their frikin ' heads . 
  27,574 discarded rifles were found on the field after the battle of gettysburg of which ~ 90 % ( 24,000 ) were still loaded . 
  around half of these had been loaded more than once without having been fired . 
  one weapon was loaded 23 times . 
  back then a rifle would take just under a minute to load by a very well trained soldier , and would have been a hugely valuable thing on the battlefield , but a large number of men did not even fire their weapons . 
  around 40 percent of soldiers in wwii admitted to intentionally missing/not firing on the enemy ( real figure probably higher ) . 
  with improved training and `` lessons learned '' they believed they had got this non firing/intentional miss rate down to less than 10 % in the vietnam war . 
  ( again the real figure probably higher ) . 
  no matter what the training , or how much someone thinks they will do it when the time comes , a large proportion of people are unwilling/hesitant to bust open the skull of their fellow man , even when their own life is at huge risk . 
  i would n't judge the guy or his training because i have no idea what would happen if i were in his shoes . 
  war because it is done by people is unpredictable . . 
  whenever they get robots with ai doing all the shooting we are all f ** cked, 
  no , racists . 
  the eu has a population of nearly a half a billion people . 
  a couple of million refugees is not going to dominate anything . 
  the minds of racists, 
  golf courses ftw . . and places with deer . . edit , where there are deer ticks there are usually deer , and therefore possibly magic mushrooms . 
  relavant username . 
  lol . 
  hey , we are not a region in your country . 
  i 'll show you what drunk and angry is !, 
  when i saw it i was wondering how ireland was so good at canoeing ... 
  i 've never even seen someone with a canoe here . . then realised it was nearly the same colour as boxing , my colour vision is fine , it has been tested for my work . 
  10/16 = 62.5 % immigration related but yeah it is still a bit too much, 
  the provision `` marriage may be contracted in accordance with law by two persons without distinction as to their sex . '', 
  was officially added to the constitution today . 
  ( it was delayed by religious crazies challenging the referendum result in the courts ) , the laws themselves have not been amended to include same sex marriage yet . 
  they wo n't be changed until september 12th , when the d\u00e1il ( parliament ) gets back from their stupidly long summer holidays . 
  ( funnily enough when they accidentally legalized extacy in a legal technicality they fixed it the following day ) also to get married in ireland the couple must provide the registrar with 3 months notice in person . 
  ( this requirement can be waived in cases of serious illness ) the first same sex marriages will not take place until december . 
  after the law is enacted you can get a civil ( or maybe even religious ) ceremony here , just bear in mind * you need to give at least 3 months notice * ahead of time for either religious or civil marriage , so i do n't know if you could really call it eloping . 
  congratulations anyway - for whenever you do get married . 
  yeah it seemed like legal box ticking to me also . 
  love it . 
  crunchy  smooth, 
  it all depends on context . 
  if i saw this symbol on a flag i would immediately assume it is a neo-nazi flag . 
  if is is a gravestone , well that is just a common ordinary type of grave stone here . 
  irishcentral.com is a right wing american website by the way ... 
  the comments there are disturbing . 
   not many irish like guinness kill the blasphemer !, 
  revoke his irish passport !, 
  yes . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  and monsanto will put fluoride in the water so that dick cheney can control all our minds ? 
  we will all be too autistic from the vaccines to see what is happening !, 
  this is a propaganda site for some fringe minority group that want to romanticize violence , protection rackets , drug dealing and organized crime and somehow equate it with patriotism . 
  reported as spam , i do n't buy what they are trying to sell . 
  #not a history site . 
  this is total propaganda . 
  that 's just like your opinion man . 
  the rest is most certainly not nonsense , mate . 
  charles edward trevelyan was assistant secretary to the treasury in london during the famine . 
  he was in charge of the administration of government relief to famine victims . 
  those are direct quotes . 
  teanga is the irish for language . 
  i have seen the term `` sacs-bh\u00e9arla '' written in legal stuff before , but my irish is not good enough for legal documents so i just stick to the english version and never really questioned it . 
  i looked it up and `` b\u00e9arlagair '' means vernacular or jargon . 
  i think the word sacs b\u00e9arla originally meant `` english people vernacular '' til ... 
  i never would have thought of finding out what it actually means, 
  b\u00e9arla is english ( language ) , sasanach is english ( nationality ) . 
  i have no idea why the words are so different . 
  for nearly every other country the words for the nationality and language are similar . 
  ireland itself is the only other exception i can think of . 
  spelling typo , my bad . 
  i would almost bet that some of them church people complaining stand to make some money in property there . 
  otherwise they would have complained years ago . 
  we are n't exactly that catholic anymore , we are fast becoming godless heathens :d, 
  its not too bad , you stop reading at the end of the english language version . 
  there is noting wrong with someone their own language , but here the english version needs go first . 
  this is the internet , not france . 
  the primary language here is english . 
  answering people in french when the rest of the conversation is in english is arrogant as hell . 
  oui * yes *, 
  dclauzel deletes stuff he does not like and calls it low quality all the time . 
  of all the mods he is the one that seems to over-mod . 
  surly people down voting something should decide whether it is low quality or not .
