no , if you cram lots of people into a small place there will be crimes . 
   i want to segregate these people from me , how do i do that ? 
  and , if we need to segregate them from us to keep ourselves from harm , why do we allow them to come and how do we enforce this apartheid once they arrive ? 
  in the camps , which should be a temporary emergency measure until they get actual housing , they do need to find a way to keep families together or keep the women and children separate . 
  this guy actually suggested building new towns with walls around them . 
  yes he wants apartheid . 
  apartheid has been a failure and has caused nothing but problems everywhere it has been attempted , ever . 
  it is also defined by the rome statute or the international criminal court as  an inhumane act of a character similar to other crimes against humanity . 
  refugees are :  a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  parties to the conventions relating to the status of refugees are required by international law to protect refugees on their territory . 
  that is why they are allowed to live where they get refugee status , and no - you ca n't keep them permanently in camps and ghettos no matter how much you do n't like brown people . 
   and i do n't have an ideology anymore  i 'm saying who will enforce the apartheid once they 're out ? 
  uh huh . . 
  you are the one calling for segregation and apartheid . 
  then calling me a retard . 
  yeah ... 
  anyway the world could do with less of your ideology . 
  at least consider it , just sayin . 
  yeah sure , downvote rather than debate . 
  generally i am against the death penalty , but it is the only appropriate sentence for very severe crimes , such as terrorism , treason , war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  in my opinion there are certain things that after someone does them , then nope they should not get to live on this planet anymore . 
  i am against the widespread application of the death penalty , but i feel it still should be there . 
  terrorism and other war crimes in particular , if someone willfully exterminates others they need to be put down , allowing them to live sets a precedent . 
  for all possible questions ? 
  it is easy enough to tell if someone is who they say they are after a few interviews with a trained interviewer . 
  anyone can lie but the details are where you catch them out . 
  if you ask enough detailed questions it is impossible for them to prepare for it . 
  just off the top of my head : where in syria are you from , how far is that from damascus ? 
  what towns do you go through on the way ? 
  what shops were on your local shopping street before the war , what order were they in ? 
  what was the price of < standard food item  ? 
  where did you go to school ? 
  what was your math 's teachers name ? 
  what did he look like ? 
  where did you work ? 
  ect . . those are only a few off the top of my head . 
  i had a similar sort of interview in ireland before we were issued with the fancy new public services card ( id with microchip , bio metrics and other fancy stuff ) . 
  there was a lot of very detailed questions to establish that i was who i said i was ans lived where i said i did . 
  if i had lied about anything i certainly would have been found out . 
  i 'm a citizen in my own country applying for an id and went through what basically felt like a criminal investigation , i knew all the answers about my own life of course , but i had to think fairly hard about some of them . 
  someone claiming to be from a country they may have never been to would have absolutely no chance . 
  for some very rare and really severe stuff like terrorism and war crimes , i honestly think we should re-introduce it . 
  or anyone who kills a prison guard/other inmate while on a life sentence . 
  is there an r ^ 2 value with any of those lines ? 
  aw , you can come up with statistics to prove anything , kent . 
  forfty percent of all people know that . 
   donetsk is a small town close to the border with ukraine , not to be confused with the much larger rebel-held city of donetsk in eastern ukraine . 
  ok that cleared that up . 
  we could be profiting more . 
  i blame our politicians for that , we should raise our taxes ( not to a level that would make them all move ) but we should raise our taxes . 
   i dont think you need any corruption for that . 
  your country is profiting . 
  top kek . 
  someone is profiting . 
  who knows where the money is going , ireland is not seeing most of that profit . 
  it is really part of our mentality that if you ca n't bribe someone you ca n't trust them . 
  of course there are ridiculous levels of corruption involved . 
   if apple sells something in germany - why should the irish state profit from that ? 
  they do n't . 
  even if there was an ipod factory in dublin , the profits from an ipod sold in germany would go to the us . 
  the only thing ireland makes from that transaction would be tax paid by the factory workers who made the ipod , and miniscule ammout of corporate tax and a small cut of the $ $ $ being sent back to the us . 
  yes the employees pay taxes here , but that is a tiny proportion of the money that goes through the businesses , the real reason they are here is the low corporate tax . 
  american companies want people who speak fluent american as their first language . 
  most of them in europe are in ireland and the uk . 
  other european would have to provide substantially better deals for them to move their european headquarters to a `` foreign speaking '' country . 
  i know that is becoming less important with more recent machine translation , but it is still a big factor in keeping them here . 
  i am not pleased with the shady dealings of my government and i am sure there is some kind of bribery or corruption going on somewhere . 
  there are a small few in politics that are benefiting form this arrangement more than the irish people . 
  i do n't believe for one second that if corporate taxes were to be raised to a more fair level that all the multinationals would leave - as our politicians would have us believe . 
  i also do n't think that big companies would invest heavily over here purely on the basis of our taxes , which are subject to change every year at budget time . 
  i really think if `` corporations are people too '' then they should be taxed the same rate as their employees . 
  if i pay 21 % on what i earn so should the company i work for . 
  the companies do have `` real activity '' on our soil as you put it ... but we look the other way and do n't tax them for it . 
  a thing you might not get about ireland is if a politician is precived as totally not corrupt - we wo n't vote for him . 
  after all if he does not do favours for his own buddies how will he treat his constituents ? 
  also if he is `` too clean '' he must be hiding something * really * sinister, 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  the likes of intel , microsoft and so forth have thousands of employees here . 
  the reasons in addition to corporation tax is we speak english and were cheaper labour than people in the uk , the until recently free third level education was a big part of it too . 
  i 'd say we were part money laundering operation , but with some of the actual company actually working here . 
  i do n't think ireland is really a `` tax haven '' in the same sense as those other places . 
  certainly the multinationals are here for our lower corporation tax , but they also employ people here and actually do business here-as opposed to just having an office and account . 
  we are not really a tax haven just for money laundering , but it is one of our main selling points . 
  i would prefer if our government taxed the corporations a bit more to be honest , but such is corruption ... 
  isle of man ? 
  channel islands ? 
  i have a feeling we are pre-emptivly bringing in some kind of half assed regulations before someone else like the eu makes us get our shit together properly . 
  there are limits on free speech in the us too , as everywhere else . 
  you ca n't yell fire in a crowded theater to cause a panic ... or you ca n't incite violence because both of those would interfere with another * right * to safety . 
  here everyone also has a * right * to their good name . 
  in the us this is true also , but the libel laws vary by state . 
  tl/dr : if he does not at least try to sue , everyone will assume he is a pig fucker . 
  i do n't like david cameron , but if the pig story turns out to be untrue , i hope he takes the daily mail for every penny they have . 
  alcohol thing more than anglosphere thing . 
  i 've seen some unbelievably dumb things that happened at student societies , that was always just someone 's drunk spur of the moment idea , rather than any kind of planned or organised hazing . 
  ( nothing nearly as bad as putting your dick in a pig 's head though ) . 
  i remember a guy in another college was teased into drinking a live goldfish , which unfortunately for him it contained some kind of parasite which nearly killed him and he needed to have part of his gut surgically removed . 
  i can only ever remember chugging lots of booze , and some mindless chanting ... 
  from ireland , but our libel laws are quite similar ( if not almost the same ) as the uk . 
  things here work a bit differently since the balance of rights/responsibilities when it comes to free speech is different than in the us .
