   cf les r\u00e8gles et recommendations de la communaut\u00e9 : `` 2.5 ) mods reserve the right to remove egregiously low quality content under limited circumstances '' . 
   i delisted this submission because it is a low quality content . 
   cf the community rules and guidelines : `` 2.5 ) mods reserve the right to remove egregiously low quality content under limited circumstances '' . 
  also what is with this crap ? 
  bonjour , i delete your thread ... hon hon hon. . 
   mityushin suggested that moscow officials wanted to take control of the beach because of its prime location , with an expensive development and real estate project situated nearby . 
  here we go . 
  there is always a money reason any time a government does something . 
  the orthadox fanboys just make it a bit easier . 
  well in all those countries they had conscription . 
  i would think most male politicians their age , from the former ussr countries would have had to have done at least some time with the uniformed services as young men . 
  some of them were bound to have been border guarding units . 
  if they were military lifers or high up officers it would be a bit more suspect . 
  you have to be actually shitting me . 
  the famine was a planned genocide . 
  `` starve the fuckers '' was the exact idea behind it . 
  ` the judgement of god sent the calamity to teach the irish a lesson , that calamity must not be too much mitigated . 
  ... the real evil with which we have to contend is not the physical evil of the famine , but the moral evil of the selfish , perverse and turbulent character of the people ' . 
  - charles edward trevelyan he also wrote back to the british government at the time calling it a `` mechanism for surplus population reduction '' what about ethnic cleansing ? 
  oliver cromwell `` to hell or to connaught '' more good than harm my left nut ... over a million died and another million had to flee . 
  things are good between our countries now but the history does not line up with what you would like to believe i 'm afraid . 
  in the past the brits regarded the irish as sub-human savages and wiped us out left right and center . 
  it is a nasty historical fact but a fact nonetheless . 
  thats the thing , the lurkers who probably make up the vast majority of users - how many of them will bother to set up filters ? 
  even with the filters , the default front page that a new person clicking / r/europe will see will be mostly immigration posts . 
  the cool and interesting content that keep most of us coming here for will still get buried . 
  and what we currently have is n't a big mess ? 
  look it was the same with the greek crisis , people are sick of reading about it - and productive debate does not really happen anyway , the majority of people here are lurkers who dont normally comment . 
  when the front page of the sub starts going all to hell people will stop visiting and the content will just get worse . 
  a big green sitcky at the very top of the page was absolutely fine . 
  #bring back the megathreads . 
  it is not `` censorship '' to prevent the whole sub being taken over by the immigration circlejerk . 
  there was a megathread which was stickied to the top of the page for anyone who wanted to read it . 
  rt\u00c9 ( our state broadcaster ) for international news is quite impartial and gives some good well explained news ( rather than opinion ) to be honest . 
  it is not too unlike the bbc in that regard . 
  for domestic news it has always had a bias twords whoever is currently in government . 
  as regards independent private owned media it ranges from good to terrible , whatever you want to read is out there . 
  yes . 
  certainly . 
  in recent history anyway i think marriage equality is one of the important things we can be very proud of achieving as a country . 
  that results day was the proudest i 've felt to be irish in a long time . 
  in ireland how government corruption works is they give you a promotion and move you to a different department . 
  quiet you ... eastern european ... :p, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afl9wfgje0m , 
  that is the same in most cities . 
  tell someone they are a scum because of where they are from often enough and they might even believe it them self , and they might start acting out the part . 
  i know i have had to put different addresses on job applications to where i was originally from just because of the place 's shitty and mostly undeserved reputation . 
  completely writing off a whole city or area within a city as some kind of hell hole based on snobbery and prejudice does nobody any good . 
  i 'm not saying problems should be ignored but in my experience the people that jump at the chance to make fun of an entire community usually do n't have any idea of what they are talking about . 
  nobody here has provided sources for anything , or even mentioned that glasgow 's crime rates have fallen in recent times and continue to be on the decrease . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/apr/06/glasgow-murder-rate-knife-gang-crime-police from what i saw there glasgow is a nice town with lots of friendly down to earth people and a great atmosphere . 
  i would certainly go there again . 
  maybe maybe not , either way wherever there is a war law and order breaks down - it 's just the nature of it . 
  `` policing '' gets done by gangsters and vigilantes and crime increases because people are just trying to survive when they have absolutely nothing . 
  there is chaos and violence for everyone not just those in uniform . 
  i 'm not hating on donetsk either - i 'm sure the vast majority there are perfectly nice people who are just stuck in a bad situation . 
  i hope it gets sorted out soon . 
  not a fan of david cameron , his wanting to get out of the jurisdiction of the [ european court of human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_court_of_human_rights ) in particular is very worrying . 
  the ecthr is a very important authority with the function of protecting people 's human rights and fundamental freedoms against the actions of repressive government . 
  it is not part of some eu bureaucracy , * it is not even part of the eu * - but the council of europe , which has 47 member states which include even russia !, 
  yet cameron deliberately confuses it with the european court of justice ( which has the function of enforcing eu directives and is a totally different thing ) it is not just silly red tape from brussels . 
  it is not `` political correctness gone mad '' of `` health and safety gone mad '' or whatever way he would like to portray it . 
  it is there to protect people 's freedom and rights from those that govern them . 
  it has played a very important role in the development and awareness of human rights in europe since the end of wwii . 
  it is the only institution that allows individuals and groups to be legal actors who can sue under international law rather than only their governments . 
  his attitudes about internet censorship , and censorship in general are not something i am fond of either . 
  it is really not riddled with crime though , irish people just love complaining and exaggerating . 
  `` it 's a disgrace joe ... '' dublin is grand . 
  the crime rates for most offense types are below national averages , but do n't let little things like facts get in the way of a good dublin bashing . 
  :p http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/crime/crime-nation-how-safe-is-your-area-30727076.html, 
  do some stretches , you do n't want to tear a tendon in your foot . 
  til donetsk is just one place above dublin ( no 7 in europe ) in terms of crime - and they have an ongoing war !, 
  with people murdering each other and stuff . 
  someone is just pulling those numbers out of their ass i 'd say . 
  glasgow seemed perfectly safe to me the one time i was there , although i only saw the city center and i do n't remember much of it . 
  the child was removed from her neglectful mother at 21 months of age and taken into care , before adoption the child would have spent almost the last 6 years of her 7 year life with foster parents . 
  she is probably being adopted by her foster family . 
  giving the child back to extended family members in latvia could mean she could end up with her mother again once she leaves the country . 
  her mother at this stage would be a stranger to her . 
  adoption would make her the legal child of her adoptive parents , in all aspects including inheritance and granting her british citizenship . 
  to not adopt the child at this stage would be really immoral . 
  largest minority would be british . 
  allthough they speak the same language and have a similar culture most of us do n't really think of them a `` minority group '' . 
  after that it would be polish , and there is probably as many of them here as there are british . 
  we generally get on fairly well with them . 
  as for indigenous minority groups there are also [ irish travellers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_travellers ) . 
  they are a distinct ethnic group from roma gypsies however they share many of the same stereotypes and problems that the roma do . 
  suffice to say they are fairly over represented in prisons . 
  they have their own language , although they all also speak english , and perhaps some speak irish too . 
  the majority of them are catholic . 
  they tend to want to keep themselves very separate from the rest of society , and most of the rest of society does not usually want to have much to do with them either . 
  not too many outsiders really know that much about them and there is a large amount of prejudice , as you can see from the casual racism from my fellow countrymen further down this thread . 
  this post is probably going to get down-voted to hell also . 
  it is called score fuzzing , and it is done to prevent users from being able to figure out which users are up/downvoting . 
  keeping the `` ballot '' secret . 
  pretty common tactic , robbers have a better chance if they quietly threaten without raising the alarm . 
  they often do n't even bring a gun because of the increased prison sentence if caught . 
  when i worked in retail i was told if someone ever hands you a robbery note , believe them about the gun and just hand over the money . 
  it is not worth risking a bullet to the skull to protect money that is already insured . 
  that actually makes sense , the symbol originally was shorthand used in accounting and finance meaning `` at the rate of '' for things like price per unit weight .
