  i think there is defiantly true , when people leave their country and move to another one their previous country tends to move on without them . 
  irish americans are a prime example , they tend to be far more conservative and religious than people actually living in ireland . 
  quite a number of them also support sinn f\u00e9in out of some sense of loyalty to the `` old country '' or thinking that that is some sort of patriotism . 
  people actually living here usually have a less idealistic view in general . 
  a lot of my polish friends make similar claims about their diaspora , their religious fanatics have a lot of support from poles living abroad rather than poles living in poland . 
   i bet this was staged in order to blame the opposition either way one would think his career in politics is now over , since he severely insulted romanians at home and abroad . 
  this is not the kind of statement people will ever forget . 
  one thing i do n't miss is the weight of the coins . 
  if you had ir # 2-3 in change in your pockets you could n't run because of the danger of testicular trauma . 
  it was like going around with a pocket full of steel bolts . 
  them coins were huge and heavy compared to the euro . 
  in ireland you can get 2 cans of heineken for that in a shop , probably, 
  interesting , it did not even occur to me that the french speakers in canada would be mostly catholic , but i guess it makes sense . 
  i do n't know how much religion would have a bearing on it though , different cultures have different social norms and different ideas of what personal space is . 
  in ireland just standing within 3-4 feet of someone is getting a bit too familiar in most situations , 
  til enda kenny is older than i thought . 
  he is 64 , looks about 50, 
  we nod at each other from a distance and sometimes yell things . 
  do french canadians do the kissing their friends thing too ? 
  your national sport is basically like war on ice without any guns . 
  i can understand how that would quite heated , 
  what do germans talk about between w\u00f6rking time and other w\u00f6rking time , if their cruel employer makes them take a break ? 
   * complaining politely ftfy now say sorry eh ? 
  the health thing is crazy , most polish people i know are paranoid about their health and go to the doctor all the time over almost nothing , and even when they are not sick spend a fortune on vitamins and stuff . 
  went to poland last year and they have adverts for prescription medications on tv , saying ask your doctor to prescribe you this pill . 
  ( o_o ) ( i 'm a medical scientist and find this absolutely insane ) medicine is marketed like a food product over there . 
  i would say though my polish gp in ireland is one of the best i 've encountered professionally . 
  we do this too , also we really enjoy complaining about anyone we perceive as successful and make little of their achievements . 
  i live with polish people , the cultural similarities and same humor is ridiculous at times . 
  drinking , and other times we went drinking ... 
  this is huge news , and quite hopeful . 
  society changes faster than you think . 
  i am not lgbt either but have friends and relatives who are . 
  being lgbt in ireland was illegal until 1993 i know people my own age ( under 30 ) who worried about being beaten or worse by the public or even the police outside gay bars . 
  ireland today is unrecognizable from what it was like in 1993 . 
  civil rights can never be contained forever by force of arms by anyone . 
  the day for lgbt rights in ukraine will happen , when though - who knows . 
  ahh that kind of sound would only be made by the ** hms belfast ** haha, 
  what has went on in this comment thread reminds me of this : til a japanese interpreter once translated a joke that jimmy carter delivered during a lecture as : `` president carter told a funny story . 
  everyone must laugh . '' http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/36stns/til_a_japanese_interpreter_once_translated_a_joke/ rekdanalcavity 's username is perhaps relevant, 
  * tabhair dom an c\u00e1ca milis * also sometimes you can never truly convey what you want to say through an english translation, 
  take my upvote ... you sneaky fingered creep . 
  the military situation on the ground at their border with syria very unstable . 
  turkey has shot down syrian aircraft and uavs and has also accidentally killed kurdish migrants fleeing syria , they have also shot at boats . 
  syria is in a state of total anarchy at present , the border is porus and lots of very bad guys cross it every day in either direction . 
  in short the border is not controlled properly . 
  turkey/syria border , war , isis that old chestnut . 
  the whole region since the arab spring and various other wars is more of a mess than before . 
  thus the 500 % more migrants . 
  turkey is on the border of it all , they are not accepting migrants and shares borders with an active war-zone in syria . 
  that border has some real problems . 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
  i 've seen hydraulic ram translated as water sheep , are they the same ? 
  he does bring up a point , the uk , ireland and denmark have exemptions when it comes to applying eu immigration policies , and the uk has the common travel area with ireland which is a separate bilateral agreement between the uk and ireland , that predates the eu . 
  i would be unsure how this would affect the ireland/uk border with northern ireland though . 
  norway ca n't negotiate much but it still can negotiate to a certain extent , for instance if they want to export fish in the eu market they have to comply to eu fishing directives so we could trade with them . 
  in other areas they may want to do things differently , in short they will be selective in their dealings with the eu and the eu will be selective in their dealings also . 
  the freedom of movement issue with the uk is also different , they are not part of the shengen group , they are also part of the eu but not the eurozone so in reality they are already part of another european economic area aaea, 
  i think the logic is that like norway , they would be able to negotiate with the eu from the outside rather than try to change its direction from within . 
  whether this leaves them in a stronger or weaker position for trade negotiations i can not be sure , either way i do n't live in the uk so i ca n't really comment on their debate . 
  i do n't foresee it as a disaster for the rest of the eu if the uk leaves though , the union of 26 other countries are not going to fall apart over another norway like country emerges in western europe, 
  the thing that strikes me as odd , is that if britan were to go the way of norway , and be a non member who adopts eu legislation to maintain trade with the eea they would actually end up following laws made by the eu parliament , without actually having representation in the eu . 
  possibly , but they would be made of some other mild detergent with similar properties to sls . 
  there is no advantage in buying the most expensive shampoo it wo n't get your hair any cleaner than a cheaper shampoo, 
  all shampoo is essentially the same , its made of sodium larul sulfate . 
  the only differences are packaging fragrances and colour and the amount of water already in it . 
  if shampoos done anything like they advertised like `` nourish '' someones hair it would actually be dangerous . 
  it is also different for different people , my skin and unwieldy neckbeard has enough natural oils to deal with a daily or sometimes twice daily scrubbing and hosing down , it in fact necessitates it . 
  some people can get away with showering less often ( to a point obviously ) unfortunately i am not one of them . 
  he was n't all that bad a painter though, 
  can confirm , 20 % of the population of my house in the greater dublin area is latvian . 
  i get you , it can be difficult to understand nordies in any language , even when they are typing , 
  i think lijkel is translating ulster scotts , which is just english really with a norn iron accent . 
  it sounds to me like a sneaky way of saying he does not like brown people , without actually saying it . 
  diarmuid `` archbishop '' martin , a dublin man known for his distinctive robes and poorly researched opinions has said the catholic church in ireland needs a reality check . 
  even a stopped clock is correct twice a day i guess . 
  france ? 
  yeah we do n't invade countries , we infest them , 
  `` it was invented to use when picking up the telephone '' stephen fry lied to us on the tv ?!?!, 
  i also used to know that `` fact '' from the series qi, 
  you would be very naive to think that this man was not coerced in some way , prisoners of war have all kinds of rights under different conventions but the reality is they are hostages to be used as nothing more than propaganda trophies and human bargaining chips between the conflicting sides . 
  the captured soldier probably really wishes he pulled his grenade pin now . 
  ^ he is right you know , this is how war has always been done on all sides of every conflict . 
  history is just written by the winners . 
  dammit humanity sucks . 
  if they did compete with michael bay and had more explosions and stuff people might actually want to watch them then . 
  anyway i do n't see why the taxpayer needs to fund any of this . 
  ireland has a state broadcaster that produces terrible and expensive crap that nobody watches , the government should have enough to do without trying to run a media business on the side . 
  my apologies for the mistake , i looked into it and it was nicolas sarkozy , the former president , that made this threat during an election campaign ( which he lost ) not the french government . 
  i do n't follow events in france all that closely . 
  i would not have really thought so , and ireland does not have a very prevalent class divide either . 
  age is the more likely variable here , the wealthier areas of the city would have a higher proportion of older people ( since they had time to make all the money ) , the inner city and more affordable suburbs would have a younger and more diverse population . 
  i know a lot of people were annoyed that this needed to go to a referendum , however one good thing about it is it would be impossible to reverse the decision without another referendum . 
  this would prevent a hypothetical future government getting rid of marriage equality laws established by a previous government . 
  i know it sounds silly but the french government at one point threatened to reverse the earlier decision on marriage equality also, 
  perroni dopio malto from italy , bud\u011bjovick\u00fd budvar from chezh republic and lech from poland gets a mention too , even though it is very cheap sold in lidil it is as good as any premium beer . 
  edit . 
  beginning to think i 'm an alcoholic since i 've had most of the beers listed on this page . 
  not really , ireland is in europe and we used miles per hour speed limits until quite recently . 
  older car speedometers are in mph so most irish people know both , but usually think in terms of miles .
