  you do n't talk about ~ ~ fight club ~ ~ polandball !, 
  in 1998 you were a rich person if you had a 4gb hard drive . 
  had a 1gb ( 980mb usable ) scsi drive back then that was 75 % free with windows 98 installed and thought it was the shit . 
   again , i wonder what keeps said opportunistic criminal from using pepper spray today - the fact it 's not allowed ? 
  how polite of those gentlemen to do their business with such a chivalric attitude . 
  and again , why is n't there an epidemic of pepper-spray crime in , say , germany or other places where it 's legal to carry ? 
  the fact you ca n't get it easily here  are you seriously suggesting that victims of violent crime need to have personal `` enemies '' ? 
  people get beaten up by aggressive thugs just for being in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  taxi drivers get robbed and stabbed because they 're , uh , driving taxis with money in them . 
  women get raped for being , well , women . 
  it does n't happen terribly often in civilised countries , but it does happen quite a bit - and you want to make extra sure the victims have no legal and effective way of defending themselves , while believing that the perpetrators will be deterred by the same law ? 
  that 's silly , and it 's counterfactual . 
  is the contents of you wallet or your phone worth a knife/gun fight ? 
  if you think so you are a moron . 
  pulling a knife on someone is a very serious criminal offense , that risk would put some people off . 
  pepper spray is basically made for the opportunistic criminal who wants to make easy money with low risk . 
  the person who now just uses intimidation and no weapon now , would in future use pepper spray . 
   some people would consider their health and well-being rather valuable . 
  i do n't have those kind of enemies , neither do you . 
  on the contary , i do n't have the kind of enemies i need a weapon for and think my country is safe enough nobody needs a weapon . 
  anyone walking around with a knife is looking for trouble imo . 
  some very unusual but still correct choices of words , great reading , 
  eh ... people have tried trying to go for my phone and shit by being intimidating and pushing me around but backed down from getting in an actual fight when they thought it was going that way and just left it at that . 
  if they were to blind side me and mace me in the face i 'd be totally defenseless and it would be a different story , i would just get robbed . 
  criminals would use it far more than genuine people . 
   so the only thing that keeps the irish from robbing each other and devolving into a mad max style postapocalyptic anarchy is restricted access to pepper spray ? 
  the restricted access helps , there are criminal elements to our society that can do what they like , if they had non lethal weapons they would be more likely to use them . 
  i think making pepper spray legal would provide more opportunity for criminals , nothing much else . 
  honestly i think it would be used for attacking people far more often than genuine defense . 
  i do n't own anything worth using a weapon to defend , but allowing everyone access to weapons is just going to make criminals use them . 
  it is the same reason we are not allowed to carry knives around for defense , the person that thinks they need one almost certainly does n't and is more likely to use it in the wrong than in the right, 
  i do n't think so , there are certain yobs out there that will just pepper spray innocent people for a laugh - because they are cunts and will almost certainly get away with it . 
  `` it 's just a prank bro '' if anything it would just lead to an increase in robberies , threatening someone with a knife is an automatic risk of serious prison time . 
  people will ( wrongly ) look at pepper spray as not being a real weapon and not take it as seriously as a knife when handing out prison time . 
  previously worked in blood transfusion . 
  vcjd which first appeared in the 90s and was found to be very highly transmissible by blood transfusion . 
  the uk had the highest number of cases in the world , ireland second and france third . 
  a similar disease cjd was considered a disease of the elderly , so there is a theoretical risk that in 40 years the vcjd scare of the 90s could become the next alzheimers disease if a long acting or dormant form of the disease exists ( which does exist with regular cjd , but we do n't know yet with vcjd since the disease is so recently discovered ) . 
  it is a 100 % fatal disease , which may or may not have dormant carrier forms , and there is no test for it besides cutting open the brain at autopsy . 
  donors who ever lived in the uk ( incl . 
  norhtern ireland ) during that time are banned from donating blood in ireland too even though they make up around 15 % of people of blood donating age . 
  donors from the uk , ireland and france are banned in other places for the same reason . 
  in ireland we dump all our own plasma and import frozen stuff from the states , we do n't do eyes as part of organ donation either - they also have to be us imports because of the vcjd risk with irish donors . 
  uk has the highest risk in the world but they ca n't ban their own donors because they would have no blood supply , we are in the same boat but avoid risk wherever we can with very expensive measures like importing frozen plasma from america . 
  the theory behind the msm donation ban is that only 3-5 % of people who can donate , donate anyway and that is around enough - and that the blood transfusion board can afford to reject donations from this small group of people just like they can reject the far larger number of people who have lived in the uk . 
  i actually do n't agree with their reasoning on this one , the numbers do n't add up when comparing the minuscule risk increase in hiv to the amount of donors turned away - particularly because hiv tests while not infallible exist , whereas they do not exist for vcjd . 
  other methods such as leucodepletion ( seperating white blood cells from red ) further reduce the risk of hiv and other viruses , which are not as transmissible than vcjd or other prions is or as serious , for which we have no defense . 
  i think the ridiculous overkill lengths we go to to avoid vcjd are probably warranted , but banning all msm donors is a bit too far . 
  on the flip side , how much more often is it used to attack someone ? 
  anyone could go up to anyone bigger than them or not , pepper spray them rob their shit and get away . 
  they would see nothing . 
  i would n't like it legal in ireland anyway because it would certainly be abused . 
  there is more of the material , and the walls are thicker . 
  your regular [ cavity wall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cavity_wall ) is pretty good at soundproofing , and internal single layer walls made of concrete blocks on the flat provide much more soundproofing than a wooden partition with drywall . 
  there is nothing wrong with wood frame houses , except ireland does not produce enough timber to meet construction demand . 
  we are the least forested country in europe . 
  we would need to import it , while we can make our own cement for cheaper here . 
  north america just has a lot more trees to harvest which make wooden houses more cost effective . 
  wooden houses are more common where you find the trees to build them with . 
  not surprising . 
  edit : the only real advantage concrete has over timber is soundproofing . 
  europe having a higher population density with generally closer together ( or joined up ) houses than the us this could also be a factor . 
  that 's pretty much the idea . 
  ^ ^ quietly ^ ^ shudders ^ ^ because ^ ^ of ^ ^ buckfast ^ ^ related ^ ^ ptsd, 
  oh we have stronger than that , but druids is that terrible combination of easy to drink , deceptively strong and cheap . 
  it messes you up way more than it should in theory . 
  not really , i do n't think . 
  a lot of my class in college exchanged with universities in sweden in final year . 
  the swedish that came to ireland fitted in fairly well here - even if they did seem a bit quiet . 
  a good few of the irish who went to sweden ended up staying there too . 
  bulmer 's / magner 's is sweet and weak . 
  druids is 6 % and will get you all kinds of fucked up . 
  the homeless drink it so you know it 's good , 
  probably . 
  the last time the germans tried to have fun it did not end well . 
  they should probably just stick to the w\u00f6rking . 
  in fairness there is 2 main brands here ; 1 . 
  barry 's 2 . 
  lyons opinions are bitterly divided on this one with each side thinking the other are completely wrong . 
  i 'm a barry 's man myself . 
  bewley 's and robert roberts are pretty good too . 
  at which point they become kind of polish themselves , and will develop biases - because human perception is inherently flawed ? 
  freud like a lot of psychological theorists had ideas that sound logical and seem like they should hold true , but most of them are completely untesticle . 
  i would think the term `` marriage '' implies complete equality , otherwise it would be called something else . 
  for instance ireland had `` civil partnership '' as a thing for same sex couples , before we had full marriage equality, 
  the traditional bird to eat for christmas was originally goose , and if you go even further back it would have been chicken ( back when that was an expensive and comparatively rare thing compared to now ) but we 've still been eating turkey at christmas for a long long time . 
  i 'm good with that , it is bigger tastier and better in every way than goose . 
  i enjoy the hell out of that `` alien concept '' every year . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  same here , always thought it strange when polish people would tell me they do n't do halloween . 
  and that they eat fish on christmas instead of turkey . 
  alien concepts to me but to each their own . 
  still though i feel a little sad for them that they miss out on halloween , it was always by far my favorite holiday . 
  sweets , burining things , and illegal fireworks when you 're a kid ... alcohol and debauchery when you grow up . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  usa , particularly colorado ... because reasons . 
  that is not the irish anthem . 
  it is just used by the ireland rugby team because it includes ireland and northern ireland . 
  ( irish rugby pre-dates either the modern state of ireland or northern ireland ) this is the [ irish national anthem . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tenurpoppt4 ) lyrics in english : amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann/the soldier 's song  soldiers are we , whose lives are pledged to ireland ,  some have come from a land beyond the wave ,  sworn to be free , no more our ancient sireland ,  shall shelter the despot or the slave .
