  facebook should be able to decide what they want on their website without the need for government approval . 
  as regards paying tax , of course they should pay tax . 
  what ever happened to freedom of speech ? 
  the internet is a worldwide thing , and i do n't think it is right for national governments to censor it . 
  whatsoever . 
  facebook ( or any other website ) should be free to make their own rules . 
  being the big boss is a collective effort . 
  larger countries get more representation in the european parliment , but individual states interests are represented in the commission and council of ministers . 
  also members still have vetos . 
  there are checks and balances between individual states and consensus among all the member states . 
  also think of how difficult trade agreements would be if your government had to make 27 separate deals ... 
  fair enough ... 
  it 's in the best interest of the rest of the eu that countries that do n't want to be in it should n't be there . 
  how and when the uk actually leave ( gradual or sudden ) is up to them ... 
  the rest of the eu will still have a common foreign policy and that 's who the uk will deal with . 
  well we do elect meps and comissioners ... but yeah `` brussels '' a city in belgum all on it 's own is in charge , rather than representatives from all member states ... lol ... 
  anyway ireland is in a much better place to negotiate with the backing of all the other members than on it 's own . 
  a bilateral agreement would not work because ireland is still part of the eu . 
  the eu could n't function if all the member states were all doing their own agreements with everyone else . 
  a deal with ireland would affect the other eu member states ( since we are in the single market , their citizens live here etc ) so the rest of the union has an interest and should get a say in it . 
  i 'd hardly call that being `` ruled from brussels '' . 
  that idea of not wanting to do a deal `` through the eu '' makes no sense because ireland is eu, 
  common foreign policy . 
  no can do . 
  you ca n't go making deals with just * some * of the eu . 
  not really . 
  if you want to negotiate with a member state you need to make the same deal with the whole union . 
  it is sort of the point of the eu in the first place, 
  we need to build a wall and make northern ireland pay for it . 
  we are part of the eu, 
  r/england 's difficulty is r/ireland 's opertunity . 
  while they are distracted fighting the central powers , we should start a bloody campaign to overthrow the crown 1916 style . 
  with our gallant allies in r/europe helping us we can not fail . 
  ( oh wait we already have our freedom ... and r/northernireland would only complicate things and cause a civil meme war ) right now the best thing to do is remain neutral ... and fight on both sides . 
  it 's all good . 
  i sarcasm at such a level that even i do n't even know when i 'm actually being sarcastic anymore . 
  reads terribly and was messed up deliberately , but it is really hilarious and creative if you are irish and can get some of the references . 
  there is no way i can really explain any of it in english . 
  it is pretty much on the same idea as masterpieces like this one :  where were you when john is kill ? 
   at work my work is sell fish in fish stand sell fish freind call to me while at working `` john is kill '' `` no '', 
  saying `` gaeilge '' in english is n't really correct , and gaelic is another completely different ( scottish ) language . 
  in english we just call the irish language irish . 
  the irish language is called gaeilge in irish , but you just would n't say that when speaking english . 
  it is like saying `` in mexico they speak espa\u00f1ol '' or `` in france they speak fran\u00e7ais '' . 
  source : am irish . 
  consaquent is a perfectly cromulent word . 
  you need to embiggen your vocabulary . 
  more east than center really . . 
  everything up to and including what was east germany is eastern europe ... to english speakers anyway eastern europe = = behind ( former ) iron curtain . 
  the first 2 numbers for all mastercards are 51-55 ... 
  doing the checksum you can tell your card number starts with 51 ... 
  cancel your card man ... 
  i find myself spelling it color fairly often , and having to correct it ... because < html , 
  tomato is a fruit therefore ketchup is a smoothie . 
  shepherds pie is not an actual pie . 
  no pastry involved . 
  it is minced meat and vegetables in a casserole dish with a layer of mashed potato on top . 
  we certainly do n't eat it at football matches . 
  ( although it would be awesome ... but it would mess up the stadium and you would need a fork ) stadiums here usually sell burgers and chips , sometimes hot dogs . 
  smaller stadiums would usually have a food van selling burgers . 
  it would also make travel more difficult between other countries . 
  say they wanted to move around between iraq , syria and jordan , or any other country for their jihadi shit ... they no longer have a ( british ) passport . 
  what the splork did you just say about me you little pengouin poop ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the finnish army waffles , i am very random and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on neopets top guilds , and i have over 300 confirmed toodles . 
  i have trained in maple syrup bisexual combat and i am top alien on invader zim 64 . you are nothing to me but another pancake . 
  i will call you names out with precision been seen on this blag , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away saying that to me over the internet ? 
  think again , pooper . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across myspace , and they are all very bisexual . 
  your ip adress is being traced , so you better prepare for the storm , toodles . 
  the storm that splorks that pathetic little thing you call your pumpkin . 
  you think you 're random , kid ? 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare randomness . 
  not only am i extensively trained in waffle combat , but i have access to then entire arsenal of the club pengouin army of doooooommmm and i will use it to it 's full extent to spread your miserable peanut butter from the surface of this toast , you little poop . 
  if only you could have known what tasty retributioon your little `` random '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking toaster . 
  but you could n't , you did n't and now your paying the price , you goddamn imatture hater . 
  i will toast waffles all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , toodles . 
  well compared to o'reilly she was n't the worst, 
  that appointed a morbidly obese health minister ... 
  now kith, 
  [ redacted ], 
  when has an executed prisoner gone on to re-offend ? 
  i 'd say it 's effective . 
  a bad conduct dismissal , or dismissal for absenteeism would be the same as quitting i 'd say . 
  you try dragging all the stone up 500m and tell me :p, 
  well i guess after slicing bread , butter and ham are the next logical steps ... 
  that 's one that confused me ... 
  bread has been a thing for tens of thousands of years . . 
  it is usually one of the oldest words in most languages , why they would need to make a word based on other words for bread just seemed strange . 
  mary shelly had to stay inside most of that year because of all the miserable weather and wrote frankenstein, 
  he misinterpreted something he read about the eruption of the krakatoa volcano in 1883 ... 
  it did lead to strange weather all over the world ... 
  but this einstein thinks it totally blocked out the sun over ireland for an entire year . . all part of his `` god controls the weather '' narrative . 
  i have no idea how to even begin explaining this guy ... 
  the comment above mine about how he thinks drunk driving is harmless , and the government are limiting peoples freedom to drink and drive ... ( he owns a pub ) he wanted to give permits so that people living in rural areas could drive home from pubs . . 
  he wanted to send in our army to destroy an invasive plant species etc. . . 
  the mind boggles ... 
  him and his [ even more idiotic brother ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/polopoly_fs/1.2519315.1454411632!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/box_620_330/image.jpg ) brother came 1st and 2nd in their constituency with the highest first preference votes in the country . 
  taking 2 of 4 seats in their area .
