  your son , if he was born here and you or your wife lived here for over 3 years at the time he was born could get an irish passport , or a polish one or both . . 
  yeah i 'd consider you irish at this point , you can go get naturalized and get an irish passport . 
  someone born here and living abroad for the last 10 years ca n't vote here and rightly so , since they do n't live here , or pay tax here . 
  if you have been working in ireland 10 years , you can go be irish if you want - just fill in the paperwork . 
  i 'd say the same about tax exiles like bono , he has been doing all his living and working in the netherlands to avoid paying irish taxes for well over a decade - he is now a dutchman . 
  they can keep him . 
  i 'd count her as french for the purposes of the nobel prize though , since thats where she done all the work that earned the nobel prize and i 'd think of this guy as american nobel prize winner for the same reason . 
  i 'm with the yanks on this one . 
  but the judge can only overturn a law , not the direct will of the people . 
  to say it is undemocratic is to say the law itself is the will of the people , which it is not . 
  if something is so unpopular/popular that it needs to become law the constitution can always be changed . 
  having said this ireland , northern ireland , england & wales are like the usa in that we use a common law system , rather than civil law like the rest of europe - but the idea of elected judges would never fly here . 
  there is just far too much potential for abuse , it 's fairly well known with such a system that prison sentances get longer in election years , and people are in effect tried ( by proxy ) in a court of public opinion . 
  no way could i ever support that . 
  yes , and it happens all the time . 
  the law gets overturned if it is found unconstitutional , then the government fixes the law . 
  if a guilty person goes free due to an unsound law , or there are stupid and unpopular consaquences for a while we are still better off in the long run because the problematic law gets fixed . 
  the system is self improving over time . 
  i would not like to ever see elected judges , justice is meant to be apolitical . 
  even though the appointments themselves are political , judges should be concerned with how to apply the law as ethically as they can rather than worry what the voters might think . 
  the other gas giants , and the rest of the solar system , were also supporting australia , yet you needed to specifically mention uranus to make a childish joke ... talk about being immature \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  there was much rejoicing, 
  you pc bro ? 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/british-researchers-are-squeezed-by-brexit-vote-1471339813 pretty much anyone i know working in research is at least part funded by an erc grant . 
  the erc budget last year was nearly $ 14bn . 
  far more than all the national governments put together . 
  if i was in the uk which thankfully i am not , i 'd be getting out while i still can . 
  the vast majority of the funding for research in european universities is from eu programs . 
  the uk has gone to shit . 
  good luck with that . 
  probably not , we like being in the eu . 
  an ixit would n't pass here even if our corporation tax had to be raised . 
  still however they are human remains , not a human . 
  http://ruinmysearchhistory.com/ i 'm just going to leave this here ... 
  i 'd rather see a list of people who were upgraded , or got medals because the athletes that should n't have got medals were found out . 
  these people lost out on serious sponsorship money and recognition , and it is never the same having missed out on a podium finish , receiving the medal by courier months or years later . 
  morty : ooo , oh boy rick , i do n't think you 're allowed to say that , you know ? 
  rick : uh , morty , i 'm not disparaging the differently abled . 
  i 'm stating the fact that if i used this microscope , it would have made me mentally retarded . 
  morty : oh yeah , but i do n't think it 's about logic , rick . 
  i think the word has just become a symbolic issue for powerful groups that feel like they 're doing the right thing . 
  rick : well , that 's retarded . 
  been to visit someone in jail in ireland . 
  they give them playstation 1 ( no internet ) as an incentive for good behavior . 
  plus it makes them less likley to get bored and stab another guard or inmate . 
  worked in a hospital next to a prison too and every day there was some prisoner coming in with some fucked up injury ... not saying it 's anything compared to eastern europe but it 's still no holiday camp . 
  i doubt jail is fun anywhere . 
  some places of course are worse than others but it 's still jail . 
   but not in those countries those countries could use some more freedom . 
  the usa should invade and get rid of their barbarian theocratic regimes . 
  why not go shopping whatever day i want , like a normal first world country ? 
  stores should be open when their customers want , not when the government tells them they can be open . 
  you also realize people that work sundays get other days off ? 
  right ? 
  i hate shopping at ikea because of the crowds and queues , last time it took me well over an hour to buy a chair ... but if everyone had to cram their shopping into saturdays because of some stupid religious ordnung that it would make things so much worse . 
  i 'm just pissed off more places are not open 24/7 . 
  or they could just open on sundays when people want to do shopping ... 
  the spanish inquisition is no longer a concern ... 
  what is the point in anyone having a sunday off when everywhere is closed ? 
  it 's a dumb system . 
  if we have a referendum , which i think is likely due to the way our constitution is it would probably pass . 
  they give medically prescribed alcohol in very severe cases of alcohol withdrawl . 
  benzos are also used , but yeah managed reduction in alcohol is the way to go . 
  `` do n't believe everything you read on the internet . '', 
  alt + prtsc captures selected window, 
  on windows 10 win + prtscr , takes a screenshot and saves it in : c : / / users/username/pictures / screenshots, 
  remember when we beat england in cricket and most irish people were all like `` we have a cricket team ??!? '', 
  following day ryanair were advertising cheap flights from london to dublin that said `` go visit ireland , the home of cricket '', 
  well you already need to show id to get on a plane , and ryanair only accepts passports as id anyway ... 
  they could put nationality on drivers licences or make some kind of common travel area travel card or something , any number of possibilities . 
  i could never envision a hard border between ireland and northern ireland anyway , the ira would be back in business within a week and nobody want 's that, 
  they could do that , would unionists in northern ireland put up with passport checks in belfast to get to britain if it meant no hard border between ireland and northern ireland ? 
  well fuck that . 
  english is one of our two official languages , and last time i checked we are still an eu member state . 
  i like the irish language , as do most irish people , but english is my first language and it is the first language of at least 94 % of irish people and the eu needs to understand and respect that . 
  if there are eu documents that affect me , or irish meps speaking on my behalf in parliament i want to be able to understand them , surely that should be my right as an eu citizen . 
  tl/dr : if the eu wo n't recognise ** both ** of ireland 's official languages we will be really pissed off . 
  here is [ contact information ] ( http://www.britishburnassociation.org/burns-units ) for burn treatment centers in the uk , hope you find it useful . 
  technically almost * correct , the best kind of correct ^ * figuratively ^ was ^ spelled ^ wrong, 
  they tend to end up in organized crime . 
  it is one of the few occupations where their skills as a psychopathic thug that people fear are easily transferable . 
  also people do n't report them to the police , for fear of being murdered - and they sometimes get outright backing from political leaders . 
  ( see sinn fein leader gerry adams unwavering support for gangster thomas `` slab '' murphy ), 
  i meant single market , not free trade . 
  it 's not about jealousy , the idea of the eu is a political and economic union , with economies and political systems merging . 
  there is no way to half do it . 
  members have to decide to be in or out . 
  you ca n't have ~ ~ free trade ~ ~ single market without free movement of people , it makes the whole system unstable . 
  britain have decided they are out . 
  they no longer get the benefits of being members . 
  eu will trade preferentially with other members first , then other countries . 
  having said that the eu still has problems . 
  while people still have a problems with things like money raised in germany being spent in greece the eu will still have a problem with nationalism . 
  but the uk was the biggest user of their veto by far . 
  did n't join the euro , the uk rebate , opt out on schengen , opt out on justice and policing , opt out on the charter of fundamental rights , opt out on the area of freedom security and justice . 
  other countries have opt outs in certain areas , but the uk participated the least in the european project . 
  who knows . 
  maybe this could be a good thing , and the european project will move along better without the uk demanding special snowflake treatment at every step along the way . 
  i 'm not hoping for the uk to get a bad deal , just that whatever deal is made is in the best interest for the rest of the eu . 
  if they want low tariff access to the single market they are going to have to pay for it now , and for the uk it should n't be cheap .
