  the uk would be the same , even more so , the uk still use mph on the road signs . 
  we had the crazy system for years when distances were signposted in km , but speed limits were in miles . 
  ireland , was the first country to ban smoking in all workplaces . 
  and it really has been a huge success . 
  i ended up quitting without having the full intention to quit in the first place . 
  we also got rid of the smaller packs of ciggarettes ( 10 packs ) and the price of 20 cigarettes is around $ 10 . 
  you even see far less people smoking on the street and the smoking areas outside pubs and clubs are having less and less actual smokers and more people using electronic cigarettes all the time . 
  when they were bringing in all these measures i would have been the most skeptical but it defiantly seems to be having an effect . 
  in ireland most large buildings would have an irish and eu flag , private houses not so much but some people do , now that i think about it we have flags almost everywhere . 
  even county/club gaa flags on our cars . 
  fully agreed . 
  whoever gets offended by this stuff is just looking for something to complain about . 
  other people , having a different word for something ? 
  it is not that hard to get your head around really . 
  the naming argument is lame . 
  the solution is simple though , let the greeks call it republic of macedonia since that 's what they like to call it . 
  let the macedonians [ fyrom ] and other countries just call it macedonia . 
  just like the use of the terms ireland/republic of ireland and derry/londonderry really , the only people who get offended by it are the type of people who look for something to be offended about . 
  if someone uses the `` wrong '' term in the ireland/republic of ireland or derry/londonderry i would not call them on it , since you know i 'm ok with the idea that other people , in a different country use different words for stuff than i do . 
  gaelic football and hurling . 
  there are far more people playing gaelic football here than `` association football '' ( like most of the english speaking world we call that soccer :p ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaelic_football http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hurling, 
  what actually happened was a society in tcd invited the speaker to give a talk to that group of students . 
  namazie then said on her blog it was a public talk - when that is not what was organised in the first place . 
  the society then cancelled the talk . 
  dont the bbc world service broadcast in russsian ? 
  yeah same design as the british apart from $ symbol and \u00e1\u00e9\u00ed\u00f3\u00fa and a difference in the order of symbols on that button next to the 1 ( ` \u00ac \u00a6 ) is also somehow different . 
  i 'm sure that its less of a thing now with the likes of argos and pc world and other uk chain stores selling cheap laptops here . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd notice the difference unless i really looked for it . 
  ^ ( o_o ) ?!? 
  zhat does n't sound too good herr donvito, 
  irish keyboard has a us keyboard except the return key stretches 2 rows and the @ and '' keys are reversed , apart from that it 's the same . 
  around 1/2 the keyboards here are us keyboards so we use both without really thinking . 
  for typing text , like a typewriter the us keyboard is faster , for data entry and generally using the computer the irish is faster . 
  i have the worst of both worlds on my laptop with an irish keyboard for text and a 3/4 size number pad for numbers . 
  maybe we should ban big words like carcinogen or glyphosate ? 
  they can be scary !, 
  why did they change it ? 
  english speakers are going to start confusing it with chechnya, 
  had a look at the menus of a few places here . 
  the trend is every pizza place seems to sell a pizza with all the different meats and call it something like the `` meateor '' , `` meat central '' , `` meat feast '' `` mighty meaty '' or something along those lines . 
  example [ meateor from dominos ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u7uynpb.png ) basically pizzas should at least contain beef , chicken , pepperoni , bacon , sausage and meatballs . 
  the more animals the better . 
  the other option most pizza places cater to is spicy ( chillis , habiernos , jalapenos , roquito peppers ect ), 
  he 's not your buddy , guy . 
  if he did n't have to resign over the pig fucking , this wo n't make him . 
  was thinking that seemed a bit high ... 300,000 might be total number of people born abroad or something . . 
  probably not too many . 
  i think that figure is from the census . 
  someone from northern ireland living in ireland could self report as either british or irish on the census form so it is impossible to say . 
  although the majority of that 300,000 reporting themselves as british are probably from mainland uk , since the larger population there and that someone from ni living in rep. of ireland is probably just going to tick the `` born in ireland '' box on the census form and not get counted as part of the 300000 . 
  tl/dr someone from northern ireland can claim either or both irish or british nationality . 
  most of ni people living in the south would just claim to be irish . 
  aside from the leading contender , ideas included its bloody cold here , what iceberg , captain haddock , big shipinnit , science !!!, 
  and big metal floaty thingy-thing . 
  democracy is the worst form of government , apart from anything else that has ever been tried . 
  that would be northern non ireland surely ... 
  security depends on what you are doing and what is right for purpose . 
  the eff are a good starting point in helping you choose what security you think you want . 
  one important thing though , as far as i 'm concerned 3rd party cookies have no legitimate use . 
  block them . 
  certainly , this gave me a laugh . 
  a businessman in ireland denis o'brien sued the writers of a satire article about him , got them to remove the article . 
  they wrote another satire article about the censorship of the previous article and he sued them into removing that one too . 
  he then sued hosting companies for hosting screenshots of the article . 
  results for denis o'brien on google ireland are totally different to standard google because of irish high court injunctions he has to prevent people from even making jokes about a joke that was made about him . 
  striseand effect on steroids . 
  here is a screenshot of the differences . 
  https://imgur.com/ppcsfxe edit : the censored in ireland results include a poll entitled `` are you conspiring against denis o'brien ? '', 
  the irony is delicious . 
  google encrypted , firefox and ublock origin . 
  the internet is ugly without them  ( all available on android too ) the only downside is all the hot singles in my area now seem to have lost interest . 
  encrypted.google.com gives faster non personalised results . 
  business use that google encrypted thing to check where searches for their page go on the front page for a generic user so it does not edit the results based on who is looking for it . 
  it also keeps all search encryped between you and google so advertisers/isps do n't see it so it kind of gets you out of the search result [ filter bubble ] ( http://dontbubble.us/ ) there is also ducduckgo . 
  irish `` go minic , is bhris beal duinne a shron '' it is often a person 's mouth broke their nose from polish housemate ( she often says it in english ) `` it 's not my monkey . 
  it 's not my circus '' that 's someone else 's problem . 
  them sneaky germans , what are they hiding ? 
  there are places with better burgers but sometimes a person just wants mcdonald 's . 
  how else are you supposed to deal with hangovers . . 
  i 'm lovin ' it . 
  no , 100 % irish . 
  i just like burgers and could n't care less about architecture , or food snobs . 
   mcdonalds in the center of the old city would also be horrible what are you , some kind of communist ? 
  big macs are better than crumbly old buildings . 
  fact . 
  haha . . 
  this reminds me of the time when the police found a freshly severed human leg in a park near my house a few years ago . 
  as far as i know they never found the owner , and the news said `` foul play is suspected '', 
  le baguette !, 
  hon hon hon, 
  my name artour babaev . 
  sorry bad englandsky . 
  i grow up in small farm to have make potatos . 
  father say `` arthour , potato harvest is bad . 
  need you to have play professional doto2 in amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka . '', 
  i bring honor to komrade and babushka . 
  plz no copy pasteschniko, 
  if like a few thousand jobs came to kerry it would ruin the healy raes . 
  their skillset is basically doing medical card applications for people . 
  it only suits them to have the economy in the shitter .
