  there are ignorant eejits all over the country who dislike the irish language , i do n't see why you guys want to blame leinster and dublin . 
  there is a reason they are getting on boats that have reasonably high chance of killing them and paying $ 1500 per person to a human smuggler for it when they could get a flight for $ 200 . 
  in order to get around this the eu makes it a condition for airlines to operate inside the eu that they can not carry refugees , therby the eu is not refusing anyone - it is the airlines who are , and since they are airlines and not nation states they are not bound by the international conventions on refugees . 
  this creates the situatioin where genuine refugees and assylum seekers are getting mixed in with people who are just economic migrants . 
  people fleeing syria and other conflict zones are getting mixed in with `` half of africa '' so we can ignore the problem and make it harder to solve . 
  it is an impressive feat of legal gymnastics . 
  if we actually wanted to fix the problem we would let people apply for refugee status/assylum in embassies/consulates of eu countries within countries like syria and then let them legally fly here . 
  the eu themselves are creating an impossible to solve problem so they do not have to solve it . 
  indeed , he may have been a cunning linguist , but i 'm not sure about him being a master debater . 
  maybe , but you certainly have a varied vocabulary you can be proud of . 
  well there is a lot of overlap in the border counties , but people in ni grew up watching the bbc , being in the uk school system , having an nhs ... lots and lots of small things like that that make the country very slightly different . 
  i 'm not trying to be mean to northern ireland people but i do feel i have slightly more in common with a dubliner or a wexford person ( poor example since 90 % of wexford is full of dubliners , and dublin is mostly culchies these days :d ) than someone from northern ireland . 
  no , the border has been there for 90 years and cultures have developed differently on both sides of it . 
  i do see people from there as irish ( or british if that is what they are into ) , but certainly a different kind of irish ( or british ) than the ones in ireland or britain . 
  not that there is anything necessarily wrong with that . 
  the vast majority of my encounters with northern ireland people have been great also , but they have their own little world up there that is different from other places . 
  telling things how they are is not tramping on everybody else . 
  to let people merkel get away with her very thinly veiled hate only adds legitimacy to the extremists on the homophobic side . 
  the very same people who say things like `` what is the point , there is already civil partnership '' also come out with the `` what 's next marrying dogs and streetlamps '' kind of rhetoric . 
  this kind of stuff needs to be challenged whenever it is said . 
  and yes , discriminating against someone based on their sexual orientation is just as bad and wrong as racism . 
  you can no more change the nature of who you are , than you can the color of your skin . 
  there is no discussion , you are just wrong . 
  and it needs to be called out . 
  there are only 2 arguments people use against marriage equality . 
  the gays are icky . 
  both are nonsense . 
  no , merkel wants to deny marriage to same sex couples . 
  that is discrimination . 
  `` separate but equal '' that same horse shit argument was used justification for segregation laws in the us . 
  including marriage laws . 
  discrimination is what it is plain and simple . 
  interesting with ireland being an island and our only land neighbor using sterling . 
  * 64 irish * 7 french * 5 spanish * 3 italian * 3 austrian * 3 german * 3 greek * 1 dutch * 1 portuguese, 
  it is . 
  i also had to look it up to be reminded of the definition . 
  i happen to think he used the wrong words . 
  and he corrected it . 
  it is the kind of mistake of imprecise language we are all capable of . 
  i would give / u/shamrockathens the benifit of the doubt . 
  my first language is english and i even had to think what `` cultural relativism '' was for a second . 
  i did assume it was just a bad choice of words . 
  symbols like that absolutely can have different connotations in different countries/communities . 
  for instance in northern ireland the irish tricolor is seen as something entirely different than it is in the south , the same goes for the union flag . 
  both sides there use their flags to mark their territory , intimidate the other side from going there and make the side surrounded by their respective flags feel safe . 
  it is a really complicated topic . 
  pity the `` do n't know '' colour was grey instead of white , it would probably be about equal to the green and orange . 
  michael `` austerity '' noonan our finance minister , telling the greeks how well austerity worked for us seems a bit rich for a lot of irish people , not just the crazy left . 
  i am a bit skeptical of what noonan says since i remember being told things like `` not one red cent '' varadkar on the bank bailout . 
  before the second bailout . 
  `` it is morally unjust and unfair to tax a person 's home '' enda kenny . 
  before introducing property tax, 
  using those graphs as a measure of austerity severity ? 
  not actually joking ? 
  both systems communism and religion restrict individual rights in favour of what * they think * as `` right '' in terms of theory . 
  no room in either of their ideologies for anyone who thinks different . 
  if religons , political parties or diets worked there would be only one of each of them . 
  the bible says a lot of stuff , including stuff that contradicts other stuff . 
  maybe not , following an ideology that is all about the group , and the advancement of the group rather than individual rights - they have that bit in common . 
  so would i. 
  our government is taking a very hard line on greece that i 'm not sure that they have much of a mandate for . 
  the safety standards in all eu countries are the same , and the quality of the beef is also the same . 
  ( i.e. 
  it should be 100 % made of cattle ) . 
  romanian beef is perfectly safe . 
  what can be different however is the taste . 
  and this is all to do with what the animal eats , and the climate is was raised in . 
  my uncle is a sheep farmer and he raises his animals on both lowland pastures and on mountain land . 
  i can taste a difference between either type of lamb , neither is nesicerally better than the other they are just different . 
  my preference is the mountain lamb , they spend most of their life eating a larger variety of plants and this does make the meat taste different . 
  most people prefer to eat lamb from lowland sheep , they eat sweeter grass , they are physically bigger and the meat is less `` tough '' their mountain counterparts . 
  the lamb-y taste is less strong and some people like that . 
  ( although i consider such people to be filthy heathens ) . 
  tl/dr : meat from different places can have differences in taste , depending on animal diet , which can affect consumer trends . 
  go buy meat from a good butcher rather than a supermarket , they should be able to tell you about these things as well as where the animal was raised . 
  i buy irish beef , but danish pork/bacon for these reasons . 
  as far as i know hair gets darkened by exposure to sunlight and beard hair would not have had the same exposure time to the sun . 
  i am a redhead myself but i would still notice my beard hair is a bit lighter in colour than the hair on my head . 
  dear germoney , your nationalisms are showing . 
  you may want to keep an eye on that , it does not suit you . 
  the greek people are not some kind of conspiracy that are bent on taking all the german monies , and you did not really `` help '' them either . 
  91 % of the bailout money went into recapitalising banks , and generating further debt while austerity made this debt even more difficult to repay . 
  this is a racket . 
  it is pretty clear to anyone else who is watching . 
  the problem is the media in germany would like to portray a pensioner going hungry in athens as some kind of lazy untermenchen and a drain on the economy rather than a fellow citizen of the european union . 
  that nonsense still sells newspapers , and it is terrible . 
  read up on what is happening and have a good long think about it . 
  sincerely , rest of europe . 
  edit ; the crazy far right is not just a german thing , besides afd and merkell the uk has ukip , greece has golden dawn and other countries have similar . 
  it is sad that this is taking place again in europe . 
  oh my god , what kind of a monster would vote for a system that clearly makes babies sick ?!, 
  with coalition governments ( which is normally what happens with a pr system ) the smaller party usually get seen as sell outs by their own supporters , and they are usually seen as having undue influence for their size by the rest of the public . 
  that way everyone gets equally unhappy with who represents them . 
  the main advantage to pr i think is that there are a lot fewer `` safe '' seats . 
  interesting , i could see how people at the time would have thought that it was a move by the lib . 
  dems to change the 2 party system into a 3 party system . 
  got ta love the whole `` britain needs incubators , not a new voting system '' argument though ... 
  the tactic of saying `` we should not do < item x  because of < completly unrelated item y  '' almost always works and there is absolutely no logic to it . 
  it really is a classic like the good old `` think of the children '' argument . 
  no logic needed .
