  i 've heard the phrase `` useful idiot '' a few times , think it was used a lot in the ussr during the cold war . 
   integrity ? 
  spying for ones country is ~ ~ patriotic ~ ~ idiotic . 
  very few volunteer for that type of thing , it is mostly done as a result of coercion , bribery or blackmail . 
  reading it it seemed a bit strange that a guy that was only 28 and already giving guest lectures in physics at a university . 
  he should have stuck with the physics teaching instead of trying to play james bond and risking death/capture every day for $ 800 a month . 
  he may have been a smart physics guy but in other ways he seems like a moron . 
  i hate these filthy neutrals kif . 
  with enemies you know where they stand but with neutrals ? 
  who knows !, 
  it sickens me . 
  i like the `` i have no strong feelings one way or the other '' option . 
  `` what makes a man turn neutral ... 
  lust for gold ? 
  power ? 
  or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality ? '', 
  did n't the war in the pacific actually start before the war in europe ? 
  no one expects the ~ ~ spanish ~ ~ french inquisiton https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wjxhy2oxge, 
  element of surprise perhaps , who would have expected the french ? 
  that i get but i would imagine the topic would be a little dark for nickelodeon . 
  funny enough mine was on sale in lidil . 
  ussr : [ come and see ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0091251/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) . 
  sweeden : [ the girl with the dragon tattoo ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1132620/?ref_=nv_sr_2 ) italy : [ life is beautiful ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118799/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) i do n't often see many non english language movies . 
  i saved money by going with a manufactures defect pitchfork -- e not even mad , it was really cheap and i can always use it next time, 
  absolutely , that 9.8 % figure does not mean much . 
  people in job bridge schemes are not employed , they are not counted as unemployed either . 
  `` chocolate rations have been increased from eighty grams to fifty '' 1984 , 
  the reason latin google translate is useless , is the lack of documetns which exist in latin that have identical versions in other languages . 
  google uses sources such as the un , who and other large international organisations as a massive database of comparable documents which is constantly improving and getting lagrger . 
  latin is a dead language and nobody is writing in it anymore so the machine translation wo n't really improve much . 
  not really , i 'm assuming the interviews are recorded and someone types out the text of the speech dictation for the record anyway . 
  it is not too much effort to copy/paste the text and compare the human and machine translated versions . 
  even just the prospect of their work being examined should make the translators do their job correctly . 
  this is what can happen to a socket when the cord gets yanked on http://i.imgur.com/ehdnhau.jpg well that was an extreme example , removing an old washing machine and forgot it was plugged in . 
  i am totally aware how dangerous that is and replacing that socket is near the top of my to do list , i have tape over it for now . 
  this is what can happen if you just drop a plug onto a concrete floor . 
  http://imgur.com/ehdnhau,abqvvrh#1 it is a bad design compared to the european plug it would cost too much and cause too much hassle to change it now . 
  he is talking nonsense . 
  it is a crappy plug , he is trying to justify what ca n't be really be justified . 
  you cant accidentally touch the pins while plugging in a european plug either because of the way the socket is designed . 
  with the british type socket the spring loaded plastic thing that blocks the bottom 2 pins fails after repeated use and the socket no longer holds plug securely . 
  also when the cord gets pulled outward it pulls the 2 bottom pins slightly outward rather than completly unplugging the device - making nasty sparking noises and lightening which i assume ca n't be good, 
  i think some spot checks with google translate could prevent a lot of this . 
  i know that it is not reliable enough for doing legal translations but it should give a rough indication of mistranslation . 
  asking for votes is against site-wide reddit rules upvoted, 
  no it is really the worst plug . 
  it is needlessly big and heavy , a pull on the cord can cause the plug to be partly yanked out of the socket , it always lands with pins facing up for you to stand on in your bare feet too . 
  re wiring all the homes and businesses in the uk and ireland for the europan plug is not feasible though . 
  irish and scotts gaelic when written look very similar , but when spoken are totally different . 
  i could probably read a scottish language newspaper ( if i could find one ) but would not understand a word someone was speaking . 
  at least put the english version on top please . 
  there probably is . 
  they have cars and tvs there too . 
  i would guess a lot of them would sell everything they own . 
  you know a lot of these people were just like the rest of us , living in houses had cars , tvs and what not before different armed groups came and suddenly they were in the way of all the fighting . 
  most of the people who drown we never even know about . 
  just like i would think a lot of the ones that get through we do n't know about either . 
  either way those 2-3 % or thousands of people , whichever way you want to word it are all equally dead . 
  it is natrual disaster kind of numbers that we could be doing something about , but we let it continue . 
  thousands have drowned , that we know of in 2015 . 
  they purposely sink the boats when near other ships to ensure they get picked up . 
  i 'd say it is pretty risky . 
  the people that get on the boats think they are pretty much dead anyway so they take the risk, 
  european council directive 2001/51/ec , article 3 , is the important bit in particular . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2001:187:0045:0046:en:pdf here is a video about it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0irsfrpq4, 
  here is the thing , the boats ~ ~ only started ~ ~ became a very large problem after the arab spring and the war in syria . 
  africa was always poorer than europe but the boats were not a really big issue until recently . 
  if we seperate the problem like we should there will be far less boats . 
  the people who are fleeing for their lives made the leaky boat strategy a viable option and allowed the boats to exist . 
  without the demand of those desperate people i think there would be far less boats . 
  think about it , would you get on a boat if there was a 15-20 % of drowning just to move to a richer country ? 
  no , nobody in their right mind would . 
  and human traffickers would not be offering the service since there would be so little demand . 
  now imagine there is a very high chance you would be murdered if you stay where you are , you would be a fool not to get on the boat . 
  there is therefore a demand , which criminals will supply for . 
  the other big problem is governmetns like mine , that express opinions like `` not ireland 's problem , let italy deal with it '' because doing otherwise would be politically unpopular . 
  sometimes governments have a responsibility to tell people what they may not want to hear , we need to take our fair share - so does every other member state . 
  what is the point of a european union if we all do n't contribute . 
  yep , i agree . 
  people will always try and game the system . 
  what is missing from most people 's understanding is the difference between an immigrant and a refugee , they are 2 different things entirely . 
  if refugees did not have to risk their lives with the boats , the demand for those boats would not exist , and the boats themselves would not be a thing and they would not be carrying a mixture of refugees and immigrants as they are at present . 
  if we sorted assylum applications outside of europe we would not have the problem of failed assylum seekers remaining in europe indefinatly , because they would not get in here in the first place . 
  true , but it is a better idea to sort the people out where they currently are and make the decisions about the people fleeing * before * they come to europe . 
  stopping all the wars in the middle east would be great , but it is hard to do in practice , additional guys with guns rarely improve a military situation . 
  trade sanctions and diplomatic pressure can also often also have the opposite effect than intended . 
  also europe accepting vast numbers of people at once can actually encourage opressive reigemes who want to clense the land of some undesired groups of people to try and sweep them all into europe . 
  when they become unable to do that they start coming up with `` final solutions '' we also need to bear this in mind . 
  it is complicated but i think europe , ** all of us , not just the south ** has a responsibility to take in genuine refugees in a controlled and planned manner . 
  economic migrants are a different matter entirley and the 2 issues are being purposely confused by eu governments . 
  if we have legal flights , there will be less illegal boats and more control over who and how many are coming in . 
  well , anybody with a prostate gland can go for that exam , if they want . 
  similarly anyone with a cervix can go for that exam if they want . 
  how you think this would cause more confusion than it 's worth i am not sure . 
  inclined to agree , pointless map is pointless ... 
  just at a glance , madrid has around 3 million people and it is missing . 
  in ireland cork , galway , limerick are missing . 
  there seems to be a lot not on the map . 
  i do n't agree there . 
  i know quite a few dubliners that speak irish .
