  society is then divided and easily exploited . 
  kinky nanny if she is watching you in the bedroom . 
  i find it interesting that so many people thought europe would let a million people walk in , but they did . 
  the same with letting greece fudge their budget in billions of euros . 
  but these things happened , so why not more insanity ? 
  i actually agree with you on tibet , i was just attempting to use it as an example of the oddness of having all of europe vote on the uk leaving the eu . 
  so here is a better example : all of britian should vote on the next scottish referendum . 
  most people want an more social services but they do n't want higher taxes ... 
  and china should have a national referendum about tibet . 
  sorry , it 's just such common knowledge and sense that i assumed it would n't really be needed to have a source . 
  i mean , if there is a housing shortage and rents are going up every year , and these guys quickly get apartments on returning ... where do these apartments come from ? 
  is there a special jihadi only apartment complex that is otherwise laying empty ? 
  http://nyheder.tv2.dk/2015-06-12-flygtninge-tager-boligerne-folkepensionist-maa-bo-i-campingvogn there is a serious housing shortage , already elderly people are forced to move in with their children because there is not enough social housing . 
  of course the article is not going to write it in an inflammatory manner : '' * these returning jihadists get subsidized housing while other must wait !, 
  * '' but it is the only conclusion one can safely draw here . 
  we live in a world of limited resources . 
  now , if this program really is just telling these guys to go on a website and look for an apartment to rent and then get a job to pay for it , that 's fine , but it would make no sense to have a special program to do such a common sense thing . 
  getting free psychiatric handling his fine by me , that is something i think we can all support . 
  edit : what disturbs me even more is that there is not only a long waiting list for social housing for danish people , but a long line of refugees * fleeing * isis who need housing . 
  now these guys are getting at the very least special help to find an apartment and associated subsidies , that special help should go to refugees before people who pissed away their opportunity and caused these refugees to flee in the first place . 
  help `` finding an apartment '' , so a guy returning from jihad has money to pay deposit at market rate for an apartment in denmark ? 
  must be some rich guys , or more likely help finding an apartment includes getting a subsidized apartment instead of living with his parents like other jobless people of the same age are forced to . 
  almost everything is a green space or a farm , you ca n't turn a farm into housing like they do in the u.s. or sometimes in germany . 
  there 's simply not enough land where new developments can be built legally . 
  it would be easy if they wanted to move way out in the forest , but everyone wants to live in the city = no open housing . 
  maybe in a supermarket , but even there probably not . 
  everything i have hard is that they end up working for the local government or some company that works for them . 
  they get priority for public work , like a receptionist at the town commune hall . 
  other people , like a disabled person , will then not get that job . 
  it 's not like they just help them send their application to local businesses . 
  there is reality and fantasy world . 
  reality is that we have limited resources , there are long waiting list is for social housing in evey european country , if returning isis fighters get it , others can not ( including refugees fleeing isis ) . 
  fantasy world is one where we have unlimited resources and simply wave a magic wand and anyone who wants social housing gets it . 
  other people are less important , there is a long line for social housing in every scandinavian country . 
  this program gives those at risk of radicalism priority over others . 
  it 's a question of disturbing and horrible conclusions , the conclusion here is : if you are at risk of becoming jihadi , you get priority for jobs housing and social help . 
  it would be fine if they just got priority for psychological help , that is not something most people want to get . 
  the same goes for drug addicts getting drug treatment , as someone who has only done herione a few times i have no envy of people getting drug treatment , i know they are in hell . 
  but i do envy someone getting priority social housing and job placement . 
  furthermore , anyone joining isis at this point is the same as someone joining the waffen ss in 1943 . 
  we know they commit genocide and war crimes , so ignorance is not an excuse . 
  anyone joining isis in my mind is party to war crimes . 
  sorry but helping people who have escaped these psychos has colored my opinion . 
  yes basically the squeaky wheel gets the grease , so they get extra benefits because them becoming terrorists is more expensive . 
  and that is declared a success . 
  that is the point we have reached . 
  you have a optimistic view . 
  from my perspective the whole middle east is moving firmly in the direction of islamic theocracy . 
  secular governments can only stay in power by force . 
  i 'm not making a value judgement , just an observation . 
  and ? 
  the point is that turkey is now firmly and probably irreversibly on the path towards islamist theocracy . 
  erdogan creates the very people who will later on vote for him . 
  the number of quran schools ( focused on teaching quran and islam instead of science ) has exploded in recent years . 
  these people will then vote . 
  this coup was the last chance for turkey to not follow iran and saudi arabia . 
  looks like germany is having a coup as well !, 
  what can be done to fix the problem ? 
  i think if there were a solution it would have been implemented by now . 
  the solution is realistically heavy policing and some terror attacks that we fail to stop , that is what the future holds . 
  long term it is a losing battle . 
  we are facing a growing stream of fundamentalism that shows no signs of abating , this is the new normal for europe . 
  as a human i wish this were not the case but opinion polls clearly show we have a pool of radicals which is not going to go anywhere and will likely grow with ongoing movement of people into europe . 
  yes but what the hell is the point of frontex funding when the only thing it will accomplish is safely ferrying more migrants to europe ? 
  people in europe in every country except for germany have been clearly asking for an end to illegal border crossings for years . 
  polls are clear on it . 
  what has the european council been attempting ? 
  distribution of refugees ... 
  i do n't know how much more clarity european leaders need on the issue , we have a right wing that is on the rise all across europe but the focus is still not on fixing our asylum policies . 
  norway on the other hand which is not part of the eu has been much more responsive and clamped down , despite having a quite left wing electorate . 
  the eu has failed to follow suite because most of those in brussels do not want to change asylum policies . 
  i understand your point , it feels like i am blaming frontex and it 's a no win for the pro-eu side . 
  i am not moving the goal posts however , my goal posts will always remain : first end the ability of illegal immigrants to ever get refuge or welfare . 
  until we do that i am against a enlarged frontex because it will regularize and solidify further the broken system we have now and send more people to their deaths attempting to cross the med . 
  the problem is they can then apply for asylum , which encourages more to come and risk their lives . 
  we do n't need camps in north africa , just hold them in camps here until they agree to return home and do n't allow any of them to get refuge until they apply as they should in their countries of origin . 
  `` common national coast guard '' in eu terms is a ferry service that rescues migrants and delivers them to southern eu states . 
  exactly what we do n't want . 
  a coast guard under current rules is meaningless or worse , the first thing the eu needs is a system to detain illegal migrants and deport them like australia . 
  once that 's implemented a coast guard would actually be able to guard the coast instead of `` rescuing '' migrants . 
  how is the eu so environmentally friendly ? 
  we have higher particulate emissions than the us and worse nox emissions from cars . 
  the eu refused for years to enforce similarly strict emissions standards as the us began enforcing in california back in the 1980s , basically as a handout to vw , bmw , fiat etc. 
  the only reason we have the current scandal is that it became clear they were cheating on the already lax pro-corporate standards that did exist . 
  i already knew english before i went to school . 
  i learned grammar and improved it , but if i had never gone to school at all i would likely still be fluent in it . 
  wow , great summary . 
  this is what pro-eu people do not understand and refuse to understand . 
  the u.k. and norway are doing everyone a favor by not being part of the eurozone . 
  germany and finland should never have used the euro as well . 
  pretty much how i learned english . 
  it 's easy here since very little is dubbed . 
  it fits it perfectly since frontex is a glorified ferry service . 
  what do you think frontex will do ? 
  actually turn back migrants ? 
  no , they will serve to ferry them safely to europe . 
  that 's why i am a eurosceptic . 
  probably not worth being a member of the common market then , especially once the uk leaves . 
  after all , it is possible to strike a free trade deal with the us without becoming a us territory . 
  my point is that the eu demands of free movement of labor are just bluster .
