  if this thing were ever built ( i do n't think it will be ) it would be engineered so it could have a large deformation and not collapse . 
  i do n't know if oil drilling started near there yet , but greece recently approved oil drilling which can cause earth quakes . 
  it is in the uk as well , voter id is designed to suppress minority turnout . 
  pretty hypocritical to be elected to the eu parliament and then want to tear it apart . 
   you can give a lot of money to any not-dumbass person and he will do something useful you really ca n't , though i suppose it depends on the definition of `` non-dumbass . '', 
  just look at the number of kickstarters that collected hundreds of thousands or millions and never produced anything , or the hundreds of businesses that spent millions developing products that never saw the light of day . 
  that 's just factually incorrect . 
  i do n't think the hyperloop is practical , but it would obviously be designed so that it does not implode easily if one were built . 
  vacuum chambers are not a mystery of engineering . 
  an oil tanker is specifically ** not ** designed to safely hold a vacuum , hence it implodes violently . 
  they are also trying to make refugees return to unsafe countries . 
  but of course every picture needs to show how eeevil communists are , everyone working , camraderie , universal healthcare . 
  looks like a hell scape - look at how oppressed they are , they need capitalism !, 
  she is such a hypocrite . 
  not armani exchange though . 
   for the only people who can propose legislation to be `` elected indirectly '' is n't sufficient to me , and it never will be . 
  that 's part of the checks and balances and immunizes the eu against populism . 
  the eu is supposed to implement carefully considered policies designed by experts not the schizophrenic desires of voters who want simple or inhumane solutions . 
  i think brexit is a clear example that i am correct . 
  there 's a reason why the eu commission is not directly elected , it would result in populists being elected that would tear the eu apart . 
  if it were up to the average voter we would be letting refugees drown in the sea and putting them in camps . 
  it 's pretty hypocritical for him to take strong stance against immigrants when he himself is an immigrant and a minority . 
  oh no , good polish guys would never do that it could n't have been rape , there were no migrants were involved !, 
  no where in the eu nor i believe any european country 's laws does it specify that people need to be the `` right color '' or the children need to be `` european . '', 
   we literally ca n't even return people to tunisia and morocco . 
  these are literally vacation destinations for europeans . 
  good , people have a fundamental right to pursue a better life , and if we were in their shoes we 'd do the same . 
  if their governments will not accept their return they still have a right to a minimum standard of living . 
   only allow actual refugees safe haven in controlled and monitored camps until their countries are safe again . 
  that would violate their human rights and also european ideals , the ehcr would likely find this illegal . 
  there is no upper limit on asylum , and those who are granted asylum have the right to humane conditions . 
  a right does not go away because too many people exercise it . 
  people actually suggesting europe copy trump , no thanks !, 
  looks like more people here disagree with you , given the relative upvotes on our comments . 
  then why did china join the wto and now work on negotiating free trade agreements with so many different countries ? 
  https://www.timesofmalta.com/mobile/articles/view/20170630/business-news/china-open-to-free-trade-agreement-with-mexico-xinhua-news-agency.651979 china is a natural partner for the eu , turning to china would also pressure the us to drop its current trump path . 
  china * is * signing onto the paris accords and making significant progress on climate change , and is working to promote free trade via the silk road initiative at the same time the us under trump is turning towards tariffs and walls . 
  where is the evidence those doing damage were on the left ? 
  they were mostly non-political . 
  china is standing for free trade at the same time your president wants to build walls and impose tariffs ( the latest being on steel ) . 
  what do sanctions accomplish ? 
  what have they accomplished in cuba ? 
  the way to peace is not with sanctions , but dialogue and trade . 
  when europe forces them into [ conditions like this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/mar/26/destitute-syrian-asylum-seekers-fear-deportation ) it should n't be surprising that some turn to crime . 
   the only university on the island teaches tourism and music . 
  this has always been the case . 
  most kids leave the island because there has never been more than that . 
   most small islands live from tourism . 
  some young people eventually leave to work elsewhere not because of the recession , but because there have never been other local options besides tourism . 
   greece is going through a recession , but things are getting better , not worse as the independent suggests from the very first paragraph . 
  well said , despite everyone attempting to blame the eu for greece 's `` misery '' if you visit greece it 's far from the hellscape that the media likes to portray it as . 
  i was just in greece last month and people seemed to be getting a long quite well and the mood was very positive . 
  they appeal to the far right islamophobes , it gets easy sales . 
  they try to cover that by also occasionally attacking trump and other people on the right , but notice their cover with mohammed was far more insulting than their cover with trump . 
  it 's sort of a problem when all the solutions that the right proposes contravene the ehrc . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/court-fines-italy-for-deporting-migrants-to-libya/a-15761455 ships ca n't be refused safe harbor , and people cant be deported to countries where their lives may be in danger . 
  these are basic rights and even china and russia realize the dangerous precedent that would be set in ignoring them . 
  walling ourselves off as trump and his ilk proposes is no solution . 
   if any group refuses to accept the terms , they risk being barred access to italian ports the ehcr will overturn this . 
  eu regulations will require any ship in distress to be given a place of refuge , and if they are refused the ability to stop at every port for refueling and food they will by definition be in di http://www.emsa.europa.eu/implementation-tasks/places-of-refuge.html italy will be fined again . 
   luxembourg 's minister of foreign affairs jean asselborn assumed the role of europe 's conscience : `` i shudder when i hear statements like , ` we must close the mediterranean route . ', 
  how do you close the sea ? 
  does that mean no longer saving people ? '', 
  he also criticized austria 's threat to deploy tanks and soldiers to guard against migrants from italy . 
  `` this is not really an expression of solidarity . 
  we must help italy . 
  that means we have to approach the issue as europeans . '', 
  some politicians are standing up for human rights . 
  furthermore , they know that it does n't matter what italy does , eu regulations will require any ship in distress to be given a place of refuge , and if they are refused the ability to stop at every port for refueling and food they will by definition be in distress . 
  once they are in port for refueling and getting supplies , those on-board the ship can apply for asylum . 
  http://www.emsa.europa.eu/implementation-tasks/places-of-refuge.html trump or australia may not treat vessels in distress humanely , but the eu does . 
  any attempt to refuse this will thankfully be overturned by the ehrc . 
   just do a quick thing for me , change lauren southern and far right for muslim and islam and tell me if you find that same phrase you said acceptable . 
  not comparable since muslims are a minority which suffer from brutal discrimination largely because of her skin color , laura southern is not . 
  the metal scene has been infiltrated by the far right , especially black metal . 
  let me get this straight , you want laura southern spreading her vile nonsense around europe ? 
  these guys are at least attempting to address the growing far right before it becomes too late . 
  reported . 
  too bad they missed laura , i really do n't know how they confused a bunch of guys with her as well . 
  they did good work then , last time i was at lake geneva i did not see any witches at all . 
  exactly , i berated her for being a nazi and racist & sexist , also being an islamophobe ( i visited a mosque once for school ) . 
  i appealed to the green party here in norway and they voted she had to enter a union with me . 
  a better name would be : areas with high witch activity . 
  reminds me of when i told my girlfriend i rejected her proposal to breakup with me . 
   manufacturers do n't glue their stuff because it is cheaper or easier to do than normal screws , they only do it to make the device thinner . 
  it also makes waterproofing much more practical , which ends up saving a lot of devices . 
  something that is screwed together will inevitably loose its water proof nature as rubber seals fail and dust gets into it . 
  glued together water proof phones likely save consumers money , it pains me to think of all the money i have lost in soaked phones . 
  no one here wants to hear your nonsense . 
  if anything cuba should be applauded for supporting venezuela during the economic crisis , unlike the us which has been throwing fuel on the fire and destabilizing venezuela further . 
  the eu should also open trade talks with venezuela , which trump is also attempting to isolate and sanction just as the us has cuba . 
  the us is already sharing with cuba in that field , we are actually behind . 
  i follow biotech closely for my work , and i have been disappointed to see that european institutions have not co-operated more in clinical trials with cuba . 
  https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/nct02955290 caution is warranted , though . 
  so far almost every cancer vaccine has failed when attempted in larger trials . 
  it 's not as if only cuba has been attempting this , billions have been spent around the world on cancer vaccines and at best a small subset of cancers will see a moderate survival benefit . 
  the way it 's talked about in the press as a cure or something that will * stop * people from getting cancer is completely incorrect , none of these are vaccines in the traditional sense that most consider a vaccine to function . 
  immunotherapy is a more accurate term . 
  it can be pretty shocking for people from another culture when teenage children suddenly adapt to western standards , i think some understanding for this is warranted rather than knee jerk `` lock them up and throw away the key '' nonsense . 
  how about the eu cuts off their funding until they follow eu rules ?
