  i actually reluctantly agree with you , this stuff is quite a shock to refugees as well . 
   i want to raise kids somewhere less stressful even though i 'm in that upper middle class bracket where the us is the best place on earth ( hint : it 's not ) , and somewhere that either the state will take care of me or my kids if i screw up or somewhere where i have freedom of movement with countries like that . 
  just as a reality check , i 'm for free movement , but as it currently stands you wont likely be able to immigrate to europe . 
  even if you can , there wo n't be a safety net for you . 
  if you lost your job you 'd need to return to the us . 
  you need to be highly skilled and there 's no equivalent at all your greencard lottery . 
  really not a fan of importing the american `` tough on crime '' stuff here , life sentence for attempted assault may be popular in this case but goes too far . 
   i dunno , maybe this has already been happening for a while this stuff is as old as time . 
  [ enslaving poor women ( of all races ) into the sex trade was de-facto legal in europe and the us until early 1900s . 
  ] ( https://archive.org/stream/fightingtraffici00bell#page/14/mode/2up ), 
  they look like two dead bodies to me , or drowning people passed out ( soon to be dead ) . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i probably watch too many horror movies . 
  sorry if its lost on him how ironic it is to see that brits are now complaining about all the fallout from brexit , when they voted for it . 
  they can enjoy their new airport lines . 
  who said it ? 
  the reporter sounds like a male , but i do n't speak polish . 
  instead of that why do n't we focus on the minsk accords . 
  it 's easy for trump so say that we should step up a war in europe when they are across the ocean . 
  will be interesting to see how they fare when the eu stops food exports . 
  the simple fact the royal family is not representative of the diversity of the uk . 
  british, 
  racism of the royal family is why many republicans and muslims want to abolish the legal roll of the royal family . 
  my mind automatically turned prince into ** princess ** so i read it as :  `` danish princess refuses to be buried with his wife , the queen '' ** wow , danish royal family got really progressive , a princess that identifies as a he . 
  when did that happen ? 
  they are [ referencing this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poutine ) . 
  it 's not an anti-france protest , it 's pro-french canadian . 
  except the high ranking officials seem to still be doing quite well in countries where sanctions target `` the officials '' well the country is doing badly . 
  they might be on maduro 's assets , but they will end up hitting common venezuelans . 
  sanctions do n't work , they did n't work on cuba . 
  i am amazed that people do n't see the folly in the eu right now lifting sanctions on cuba and now imposing them on venezuela ? 
  it 's far better to try to influence through trade . 
  i do n't see where it shows that , just that traffickers are near there . 
  what is jugend rettet supposed to do , chase them away ? 
  so you take them to a hospital where they are likely to receive poor care because it 's closer ? 
  it is not safe in libya , attempting to return people there is what the defend europe muppets wanted to do and it 's why they were stopped . 
  leavers have n't thought this through very well , if businesses have a smaller pool of workers to hire , they will go where the workers are , not make the workers there more productive . 
  that means less taxes and less demand for housing , which means a crashing property market in the u.k. 
  i have my popcorn out to enjoy watching the fallout . 
  well , whose account got deleted ? 
  not mine . 
  looks like i was right . 
  this is funny given how hostile poland is to refugees and migrants . 
  are they wrong ? 
  look at the number of jobs and economic importance of the german car industry . 
  there are many alternatives , but people refuse to even try them . 
  german voters will not put up with zero interest on their savings anymore . 
  the trend is at least in the right direction now , it 's beyond time to raise rates . 
  ecb really needs to raise rates soon and cut back the balance sheet . 
  northern europeans are having a tough time building up savings when there is no interest from banks , and southern european economies are growing nicely finally . 
  screw trump , he 's an idiot . 
  you are just delusional and seemingly unable to read the bill as it was passed . 
  you repeatedly say the bill has nothing to do with promoting gas exports , but the bill explicitly says it does . 
  there 's no point in debating you when you ignore such basic facts . 
  this is like pulling teeth . 
  i do n't know how to get this through to you . 
  the only one convinced this is a `` happy accident '' for trump are americans . 
  http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/energy-environment/339712-natural-gas-exports-centerpiece-of-trumps-energy-plan i do agree thought , i 'd be great if this finished trump off and he could be replaced with someone like sanders who had the spine to oppose these sanctions . 
  by the way , i had the decency to to link a source with trump actually announcing an intent to increase gas exports . 
  you simply ignoring it does n't change reality . 
  but i suppose your unwillingness to answer the question indicates that yes , you do think that is a coincidence . 
  i can say that [ sigmar gabriel and many other eu officials disagree ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/germanys-angela-merkel-slams-planned-us-sanctions-on-russia/a-39276878 ) . 
   `` europe 's energy supply is a matter for europe , and not for the united states of america ! '', 
  wrote kern and gabriel , who was previously the german economy minister . 
   they said that the draft us legislation had made it clear with `` noticeable frankness '' that the sanctions were aimed at `` squeezing out russian natural gas from the european market '' in favor of american liquefied petroleum gas . 
  http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/energy-environment/339712-natural-gas-exports-centerpiece-of-trumps-energy-plan edit : i hope this finishes of trump as well , and he is replaced with someone more sane like sanders - who had the spine to oppose these sanctions . 
  so trump announcing his intent to increase lng exports to europe on july 2 and that language being included in this bill was a coincidence ? 
  by the way , i had the decency to to link a source with trump actually announcing an intent to increase gas exports . 
  you simply ignoring it does n't change reality . 
  so trump announcing his intent to increase lng exports to europe on july 2 and that language being included in this bill was a coincidence ? 
  simple thought experiment , if the us selling a product for 5 $ and it costs 4 $ to produce it , and russia is selling a product for 2 $ and it costs them 1 $ to produce it , will the us offering the product cause russia to lower its price ? 
  the point is , no one is going to buy the 5 $ product unless someone forces them to . 
   russia sacrificed the european gas market to help trump . 
  wrong , these sanctions will not stop nord stream 2 because the eu will not let it even appear that trump is dictating our energy policy . 
  well , in that sense neither of us have any faith in the guy . 
  i was just responding to your original insult to me . 
  if he did push for limiting sanctions , it was for the wrong reasons . 
  no one in the us seems to care about alienating the eu . 
  yes , but i do n't like trump or the congress telling europe who we should conduct business with . 
  the bill is explicitly designed to cut off we imports of russian gas . 
  it states so itself :  `` the united states government , '' the senate bill says , `` should prioritize the export of united states energy resources in order to create american jobs , help united states allies and partners , and strengthen united states foreign policy . '', 
  the us supply is already here , it 's just too expensive to make sense to buy . 
  about twice the price of russian or norwegian gas . 
  that you have faith in him ? 
  i am sure he is touched . 
  i see this bill accomplishing exactly what he promised in early july . 
   `` the united states government , '' the senate bill says , `` should prioritize the export of united states energy resources in order to create american jobs , help united states allies and partners , and strengthen united states foreign policy . '', 
   this has nothing to do with gas . 
   granted chaos in us plus but not if it causes a 20-30 % reduction in the russian gdp the only reason it would result in a 20-30 % gdp hit to russia is if it results in we no longer buying russian gas . 
  https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bloomberg.com/amp/view/articles/2017-06-16/u-s-russia-sanctions-punish-europe-too  `` the united states government , '' the senate bill says , `` should prioritize the export of united states energy resources in order to create american jobs , help united states allies and partners , and strengthen united states foreign policy . '', 
  the bill itself is agrees with my points . 
   trump was the worst investment putin ever made , it likely will end his reign . 
  i think all the confusion and chaos , as well as the divide the us reaction to it is creating with europe , has helped putin . 
  then i guess congress is even crazier than he is , think this is the opportunity to get europe on overpriced us gas . 
  that 's pretty scary . 
  this is amusing , i guess it just shows the gap between the us and western europe . 
  i am trying to give your congress credit and lay blame on trump for these sanctions which have done more to drive a wedge between we and the us since anything since bush . 
  you never addressed the fact that a week before the sanctions were passed , trump promised to increase gas exports to europe and the sanctions go out of their way to accomplish exactly that . 
  was that just an accident ? 
  anyway even if it 's unpopular to ask for changes to the sanctions , trump is a leader ( or at least claims to be ) , he has a responsibility to do what makes sense not what 's good for short term popularity .
