refugees will also be using health and social welfare from local authorities , correct ? 
  and east asians . 
  being half japanese it is assumed we will do well and excel . 
  immigranten from the middle east and africa get special programs , native language educators to help them learn the language and special programs . 
  but if they still perform poorly it is execused . 
  if a poor white person or east asian performs poorly it is blamed on them for not trying hard enough . 
  sounds good . 
  it is quite obvious none of them are convinced by humanitarian ideals . 
  the humanitarian approach did not work with former gitmo detainees who have been committing regular terror attacks around the globe . 
  great . 
  to bad that is not applied . 
  instead these people are only persecuted when it can be proven they committed crimes . 
  many returning isis fighters are free in germany today . 
  `` it will take time , '' as in forever . 
  india has had a muslim minority for centuries yet still experiences muslim - hindu riots . 
  it is just european hubris to assume we can do what india and china could not . 
  another no borders activist . 
  denying entry to any country is not oppression when applied to non citizens . 
  every country has the right to decide who will enter there . 
  if this had been enforced in europe over one hundred people would still be alive in paris . 
  but for us citizens trump supports freedom of worship beyond what many liberals in europe allow , for example where the wearing of hijab is banned , yet you will not call those leaders facists . 
  even more bizarrely you seem not to even be aware that we ( the west ) are already bombing in iraq and syria . 
  the difference is that trump wants to work with assad and bring the war to a quick end , unlike sanders and clinton who support the farcical idea of moderate islamists winning syria against assad . 
  that is simply a rehashed neocon interventionist idea that everything would be fine if they just have democracy ( in other words if assad were gone ) . 
  it is really bizarre to now hear leftist use this reasoning . 
  as to `` uneducated fears '' , that is just an empty talking point . . but trump has the honesty to talk about the problems we already have with middle eastern immigrants forming parallel societies , supporting terrorism , honor killing and having terrible employment outcomes even after generations . 
  if we as scandinavians have this bad result how could the us with its smaller social services , worse schools have a better outcome ? 
  pointing that out is not fear mongering or facist it is honest . 
  the people who deny these problems are the ones who pave the road to facism , surveillance and so because these are the unavoidable results of a society split along ethnic and religious lines . 
  europe is heading quickly in that direction , germany has prisons where 30 % of those are foreign born and the prison population is exploding , the same here in norway where we have a 35 % growth in prisoners since 2000 . 
  do you mean hillary or sanders ? 
  both of them supported the libya resolution which was understood to be the lead up to military action there . 
  both of them also want to secretely intervene in a civil war to help the guys they like . 
  on the other hand there is a relatively pacifist donald trump who seeks less foreign intervention ... so i assume by fascist you must mean sanders , clinton ? 
  why would an immigrant be proud of being swedish when swedes are not proud of being swedish ? 
  when the leaders of sweden make statements like `` sweden has no culture '' why would a foreigner feel any value of joining it ? 
  it 's 2016 people , if people want to fight with bulls then give them the freedom to do so !, 
  what kind of nonsense is this ? 
  we eat animals that are raised in farms and then slaughtered for us , but fighting with them is too cruel ? 
  either ban all animal slaughter completely or let the bull fighting continue l . if i were a bull i would love to fight with people . 
  no . . the headline reads that they are actually paid in `` bitcoin news '' so i think they get printouts of news articles about bitcoin . 
  when i say left wing i am not going by your definition , but if you prefer i will instead say left of center . 
  green parties and parties like die linke favor liberal immigration policies . 
  majorities in every country where i have seen a poll want less immigration and more selective immigration , including germany and the uk . 
  that 's not to say it 's black and white , indeed some want zero , others just want less , others just want better immigrants . 
  yet instead of addressing this left of center parties waste their breath accusing these voters of racism . 
  ultimately , if you can not see that the current european refugee and immigration policy has created cultural and religious conflict i do n't know what to say . 
  for example : what else do you call a crowd of protesters wearing islamic garb saying `` british police go to hell '' ? 
  what were the paris attacks ? 
  right wing parties do not cause tensions and hatreds like these , they point them out . 
   i 've lived in norway my whole life and i 've never heard of anyone being taken away from their parents . 
  i lived for four years in usa to study and never saw any black people abused by the police . 
  i never saw anyone get shot . 
  i never even heard a gun shot , not one . 
  does that mean anything ? 
  as opposed to left wing parties that oppose nuclear power or genetically modified good ? 
  both sides have their own peculiar hostility to science . 
   politicians already know that the best way to control the working class is to divide them by overplaying ethnic and religious differences so they 're just going to keep doing that . 
  so why do many left wing parties insist on creating the conditions for ethnic and religious conflict ? 
  surely putting groups of people together who you know will be in conflict with each other it is not surprising when there is conflict ? 
  so i guess it is actually the right wing that wants to avoid conflict ... 
  this is an endless discussion that avoids what voters want : an end to unqualified immigration . 
  the problem is if it is reduced to this topic you lose , so you try to confuse it with all this bs about race and class . 
  oddly enough the left could win if they just come down firmly in favor of selective immigration and get back to domestic political issues . 
  more `` white van '' types ... usually with an english flag hanging from their balcony . 
  the question is , if they are spending their weekends putting down pints and shop at a pound shop , exactly why are they proud of being english ? 
  also you say recent years ... you must be older because i think anything before 2000 is old history . 
  that 's when the us rate started dropping . 
  the us rate has been dropping for a decade , our has been experienced rapid growth and more than 35 % are foreign born in prison but less than 15 % of our population is foreign born . 
  there are no statistics on prisons in norway by race but from the documentary i have seen on tv it seems about 20 % of those in prison here are african . 
  so a similar rate to the us when you consider how few are in norway . 
  so we have i think a similar race problem , we just cover it up . 
  the fact that we have less people in prison as a total rate is just that we have a small criminal under class . 
  but it grows quickly and europe as a whole is converging with america . 
  say what you want , but our prison population has grown 45 % in the last fifteen years . 
  more than a third of those in prison are foreign born . 
  how long can we continue with this `` humane '' system ? 
  our system is well on its way to dying . 
  our prison population grew 45 % since 2000 and 35 % of those in prison are foreign born . 
  the courts here are also overloaded and trials take too long , 26.3 % of those in prison are pre-trial detainees . 
  do n't worry . 
  we will have similar prisons in a few decades . 
  treating prisoners nicely is a luxury you can afford when you have low crime rates . 
  as we deal with more and more people who are totally alienated from our northern european societies and have hundreds of people for whom prison is a revolving door , committing rape and similar crimes a few years after release europeans will demand the same . 
  already with breivik the calls for stricter punishments are growing louder . 
  that 's one incident . 
  one . 
  a decade ago we were lecturing america on how we know how to deal with different races and how we will not suffer from racism as they do . 
  that 's mostly gone . 
  now we are down to moral superiority about how bad their prison system is . 
  that will go to . 
  the us has its current prison system because the situation lead to it , not because americans are sick people who love senseless punishment . 
   inaccurate . 
  nope . 
  states are allowed to restrict freedom of movement of asylum seekers for reasons of national security and safety . 
  germany did so until 2014 . 
  until the end of the year 2014 , freedom of movement of asylum seekers was restricted by the so-called `` residence obligation '' for asylum seekers ( legally called `` geographical restriction '' ) . 
  section 56 of the asylum act stipulated that asylum seekers ' residence permits ( aufenthaltsgestattung ) should be limited to the town or district in which their place of accommodation was located . 
  they had to apply for permission from the authorities whenever they wanted to travel to another region . 
  - see more at : http://www.asylumineurope.org/reports/country/germany/reception-conditions/access-forms-reception-conditions/freedom-movement#sthash.kq7p7vpk.dpuf,
