  maintaining a good relationship with the eu requires changes to these sanctions . 
  if you are right then he and sanders are the only guy over there who may have tried to introduce some sanity to the sanctions bill . 
  we do n't produce enough and [ what we produce is already declining ] ( http://www.norskpetroleum.no/wp-content/uploads/41-gassprognose-16012017-e.png ) . 
  there 's no new projects that could result in such a rapid increase in production . 
  to replace russia ( or the us ) we would need to 5x our production . 
  mighty convenient . 
  trump `` has no choice '' to pass sanctions that will increase the price of gas for the eu and benefit states that voted for him . 
   https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/world/asia/trump-russia-sanctions.html anonymous sources . 
   http://www.newsweek.com/trump-white-house-secret-efforts-lift-russia-sanctions-putin-619508  `` there was serious consideration by the white house to unilaterally rescind the sanctions , '' according to dan fried , who retired in february as coordinator for sanctions policy at the state department . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_fried right , so a democrat claimed that trump wanted to remove sanctions . 
  not new information , i should have been clearer though - all indications that trump wanted to lift sanctions are internal us political stuff . 
  all the actions he has taken have been in the opposite direction . 
  anyway , even if trump was attempting to ameliorate the sanctions , it shows a higher level of responsibility than i expect from him . 
  these sanctions say * explicitly * that they are designed to promote us lng exports . 
  [ trump states this was his goal shortly before the sanctions were passed ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-lng-iduskbn19o2ah ) . 
  you are willing to give trump credit i am not . 
  he is in a position to accomplish his goals via sanctions on russia which will help [ `` american energy supremacy '' and exporting liquefied natural gas to europe ] ( http://expressnews.global/donald-trump-promotes-golden-era-of-american-energy-supremacy/ ) . 
  i have n't seen any indication that trump is against these sanctions , just anonymous quotes . 
  every * action * trump has taken has taken been protectionist and hostile when the eu wants to pursue negotiations . 
   even trump knows that he 's in no position to do anything that would benefit russia right now . 
  i do n't think he wants to , but at the least he could push for sanctions that targeted only russia without hurting the eu . 
  legislation does n't just appear , trump could have lobbied against this or made a public appeal . 
  he did n't do anything . 
  at the very least he could not sign it as a sign of goodwill towards germany and the eu . 
  i know it would still be passed . 
  trump did nothing to prevent these from being passed , no lobbying , no tweets , nothing . 
  it 's a direct attack on the eu and an attempt to make us purchase us gas . 
  trump is still responsible as the leader of the us . 
  it would be redundant , this is a response to sanctions that trump is signing and did nothing to stop being passed . 
  trump could have pushed for it not to be passed , and this follows trump banning exxon from drilling in russia . 
  also the sanctions promote trump 's goal of [ `` american energy supremacy '' and exporting liquefied natural gas ] ( http://expressnews.global/donald-trump-promotes-golden-era-of-american-energy-supremacy/ ) . 
  to be fair that is a lot of what ifs , the hashemites may very well have been overthrown by more radical groups who would now also rule jordan . 
  the saudis themselves were nearly overthrown by more radical groups . 
  iran is much better and furthermore sweden is working with iran to improve women 's rights as part of the growing ties between iran and sweden . 
  the way to reach positive change is through trade not sanctions . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m4adcmn3da ) also i decode the rest of the title :  european hard core everyone knows what this is ...  france and germany are toying with the idea of creating a powerhouse group within the eu hardcore bdsm sex with , lars rasmussen , sipil\u00e4 , rutte , michel , macron , [ merkel ] ( https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8684/16283683633_80febac13c_b.jpg ) , rajoy and l\u00f6fven . 
  theresa may will be peeping in through a window . 
  [ hillary would have come , but trump threw away her invitation ] ( http://www.renewpass.us/pics/who-did-this-bdsm-bdsmcommunity-hillyes-hillary2016-hillaryclinton-bernie2016-berniesanders-feelthebern-trump2016-imwithher-dumptrump-donalddrumpf-drumpf-makeamericagreatagain-m ) . 
  http://m.suedkurier.de/region/kreis-konstanz/konstanz/post-von-rechts-neonazis-treten-in-konstanz-in-erscheinung;art372448,7883156 and people ignoring this . 
  he was playing europa universales , that gallery is for people with high scores in eu . 
  your portrait would be in the high score gallery for canadian simulator , made by the same german company that makes forklift simulator . 
  konstanz has a significant far right scene , may be relevant . 
  hope there are no further shootings . 
  this article is really misleading , the police were being sent isamaphobic messages and that 's what they want to charge people for . 
  diesel is more efficient than benzin , not less . 
  also diesel could be used with bio-fuels . 
  the us created this scandal because they are behind on diesel technology . 
  wow , the crazy far right tropes are actually now being mirrored back by the people they are meant to insult . 
  taqiyya is not a real thing , just another way to demonize muslims . 
  exactly , he spent all his time leveling up admin ability and trying to keep the 13 colonies as core provinces then spent lots of gold on random art commission events to increase his prestige . 
  he had no gold left over to research healthcare and died before he could even do world conquest , the short film makes a good point . 
  furthermore it 's evidence that the contrary of their theory is correct , swedens economy has reach an all time high at the same time immigration reaches an all time high . 
  far right fails again . 
  you ca n't see that those are far right opinions ? 
  i imagined something else , given macrons interest in older women , and rammstein playing in the background . 
  der spiegel is actually published by the same company that publishes time magazine . 
  you probably notice the cover style is very similar . 
  it needs to be launched for poland refusal to accept refugees as well . 
  deportations to albania , kosovo and north africa need to end as well . 
  eu countries are deporting people who sometimes are put straight into horrible jail conditions . 
  there 's too many brown people moving close to him , it 's going to hell !, 
  great , so ruin the economic engine of europe . 
  that will have a great outcome ^ / s, 
  its just more us protectionism , along with the sanctions `` against russia '' that trump is going to sign . 
  i largely agree with you , i am kind of surprised actually . 
  it is usually almost impossible to talk with yanks about this on reddit . 
  i do n't know if trump is really for these sanctions , but it 's clear there are major strategy differences between the us president , congress and the eu . 
  it 's not that one or the other is a russian puppet . 
  and it 's not even trump vs. congress , the us media seems schizophrenic as well . 
  one week we are told that america is looking at merkel and the eu as the leader of the free world , the next those same people are calling the eu a weak pro-russian push over . 
  not only that but the twitter linked is a far right faye account . 
  and encourage racism . 
  there 's no advantage at all to post his picture . 
  but that does n't mean trump wants to roll sanctions back , just that congress wants to keep that power for itself . 
   his secretary of state outlined exactly what they were going for and have been doing since the election , which is to maintain the status quo with regards to sanctions until russia has conceded something tangible . 
  trump has failed to do that then since he has increased troop levels and missile defence in eastern europe ( one of the few good things he has done ) . 
  why does my wife check my phone all the time if i am not cheating on her ? 
  the limit is a bonus to trump , now he gets to pretend this bill does not accomplish exactly what he wants to . 
  nope , congress is even worse . 
  they passed these sanctions and they even fgave trump an out by preventing him from easing them . 
  prospect , again , not an indication of desire . 
  it 's just an indication that people know trump is erratic so * they * thought there was such a prospect . 
  they are right , he is erratic - as he is now by alienating europe by not vetoing these sanctions . 
   to avoid pissing congress off more than he already has . 
  the article does n't say that anywhere . 
  it just says that mccain opposed granting the waiver . 
  i mean , perhaps trump secretly does want to lift sanctions , but he 's made no move to and now this sanctions bill that will push the eu to purchase more us gas comes weeks after trump promised to do exactly that . 
  that he can tell europe `` his hands are tied '' is even more convenient for him , not less so . 
  it 's not just trump though , the us congress and the senate passed these sanctions that may create a trade war . 
  this is part of general us turn towards protectionism and `` america first '' policies . 
  some people here are actually trying to convince people that trump is * against * these sanctions . 
   only this week , brussels fired a shot across america 's bows to warn that it would retaliate if washington 's latest round of sanctions against russia impacted european companies and energy projects . 
  juncker insisted he was ready to hit back within days . 
  `` america first can not mean that europe 's interests come last , '' he stressed . 
  if you are curious , look at my comment feed , i 've been arguing with these people everywhere . 
  i * want * to believe that the us just has a bad president , but the vast majority of the house and the senate have joined in attempting to squeeze us . 
  only a few principled people such as bernie sanders are offering sanity here . 
  oh man , a brexiter with the junker = drunk meme , how original . 
  the article you linked is from 2016 and is a paragraph long description about trump 's mentions of a more competitive us energy . 
  there 's no mention of the eu , russia , or sanctions .
