  if germany faces even the hint of recession they will be desperate to regain the uk as a export market , otherwise merkel will be out of the job . 
  germany is already scared junker is angering the british too much . 
  actually no , the uk is a net importer from the eu . 
  changing this would result in higher prices for goods but more work for uk citizens and higher wages . 
  it would be a loss to the wealthy who profit from the import business and the economy but benefit the british people . 
  there is also no upper limit to welfare payments made to those who become german citizens . 
  that is a legally true statement . 
  that would be a dumb thing to say though because it suggests germany is willing to take in an unlimited number of poor asylum seekers and pay them welfare . 
  in reality that is not true , germany has a limited willingness and capacity to take care of refugees . 
  and she should have also said that refugees will not make germany their home , only temporary protection is guaranteed . 
  i agree that merkel did not explicitly invite the whole world , but she was slow in clarifying and less public than her positive statements . 
  but that is not a solution for europe as a whole to reach france 's emissions . 
  that is just pushing the problem of saturation down the line . 
  fear of trump results in increasing temperature in the northern hemisphere and snowfall in argentina . 
  actually this shows that the energiewende can not succeed ( * without a yet to be invented almost free energy storage technology * ) . 
  germany already has reached the point where electricity produced by renewable energy exceeds demand , any further renewable energy added will now at times have its production wasted or stored , but germany 's ability to store electricity is very limited . 
  http://www.germanenergyblog.de/?p=13626 germany is quickly approaching the point that for grid stability , solar power will often be simply disconnected from the grid . 
  yet germany still has higher co2 emissions per capita than france . 
  it 's not true . 
  i think the guy was joking but you do n't need anything for interstate travel in the us . 
  if you board a plane you need identification , but that can be a license , passport . 
  / u/chuckcarmichael has some odd reasoning . 
  why would trump supporters heads explode to learn a neo-nazi is an islamist , the us right often draws parallels between islam and nazism . 
  would n't the neo-nazi turned islamist confirm their biases if anything ? 
  good point . 
  yes , exactly , it 's not a reagan era policy that was dead since then , it was us policy 8 years ago . 
  the same gag order is actually a bush era thing , and merkel worked fine with him . 
  i do n't think that 's the issue here . 
  how would forcing us to take responsibility for european defence be a bad thing ? 
  if i were the us i would n't want that role either , in this very thread there are people castigating the us for spending too much on defence and getting upvotes and others complaining the us has a moral responsibility to defend the eu . 
  i see trump as a return to normalcy . 
  free trade does not mean the free movement of people . 
  there is something between walling yourself off like a hermit and opening your borders to any eu citizen who wants to migrate to the u.k. 
  looks like a nice dusting of snow , should be good skiing . 
  in turkey there is traditionally a lot of deference shown to the leader , so it 's a cultural difference as well . 
  over many years , but government ministers ( not scientists ) going on tv after a particularly strong hurricane and making a point out of it is just stupid . 
  he 's literally pointing at a single event as evidence of a wider problem , so people will logically say that massive snow storms or cold weather pattern is examples disproving climate change . 
  but you just confirmed my point , the point is that no individual event should ever be pointed to as proving or disproving climate change . 
  yet we have a bunch of hypocrites who when its cold say it proves climate change is a hoax , and a different group that say a powerful hurricane proves global warming . 
  hurricane katria was a great example of that , with various people literally blaming it on global warming . 
  i know it 's satisfying for environmentalists to point to a powerful hurricane and say `` told you so ! '', 
  but they really need to resist it , because they are reinforcing the immediacy bias . 
  on the other hand you have people citing heat waves or a hurricane as evidence of global warming . 
   i mean anybody who can look up the facts could see for themselves , but people rather want a spoon-fed narrative than complicated , boring , fact based information . 
  much of it has little to do directly with what merkel said , but with how it was perceived . 
  merkel 's suspension of dublin rules combined with willkommenskultur and `` wif schaffen das '' created the perception almost everywhere outside of germany that germany was welcoming migrants from around the world . 
  this was not the reality and it was not merkel 's intent , but communication involves not just stating your position , but making sure your position is understood by the intended audience . 
  merkel failed on the second point . 
  sadly that road is actually endless . 
  it 's more like a treadmill . 
  unfortunately there are few such candidates . 
  hillary rejected the scientific consensus on nuclear power , trump rejects it on global warming . 
  no side is willing to look past their own bias for the good of the environment . 
  based tunnel , when they named it they knew where memes would be headed . 
  i look forward to going through it , kinda sad it did n't get that ultra deep train station though . 
  it 's one thing to try something when there is a possibility of it working , it 's another to try it when you have an example of success and an example of failure . 
  to pick germany as the model to follow is insane . 
  i still do n't understand why merkel had to state in public that there is no obergrenze . 
  actually once you control the borders and do not encourage people to risk their lives by awarding them refugee status and only directly take people from turkey ( i.e. 
  the turkey deal reached by merkel , we just need the same deal with north african countries ) , a quota is very practical . 
  once we control our borders in the shengen zone , then only the refugees that we accept will be settled , and that will obviously be a specific finite number . 
  furthermore , it 's one thing to legally recognize there is no upper limit , it 's another to say it repeatedly which did come across as an invitation to come to germany . 
  one can think such a thing privately , but in public make statements to discourage chancers from seeking a better life in germany . 
  no upper limit to refugee intake ? 
  seems pretty left wing to me , even the swedish greens agreed on an upper limit . 
  china never has any intent to engage in equal trade with anyone . 
  germany has been doing well in trading with china for now , but there is no intent for that to last . 
  the long term goal is for china to dominate in every field and not rely on any finished imports . 
  if you look at the five year plans they are quite clear this is the long term goal . 
  with aixtron and other acquisitions germany has helped facilitate this , i was amazed they wanted to let it go forward when it was so obviously set up ( failed order ) . 
  only obama saved them from their stupidity . 
  politicians keep kicking the can down the road . 
  on the refugee issue , she is , and that will be her most enduring impact . 
  its fucking terrifying , this unholy alliance between neoliberals and the left is going to destroy democracy . 
  who is trying to mislead , then ? 
  it could be that there 's no conspiracy to mislead people and people primarily define merkel by her stance on refugees , which is indeed left wing in its nature . 
  yes . 
  https://www.cleanenergywire.org/news/german-co2-emissions-rise-2015-despite-renewables-surge germany shut down nuclear plants and emissions increased despite an expansion of green energy . 
  and if you need an example of that : the green party in germany and spd , which pushed for an end to nuclear power and its replacement with natural gas until some point in the future . 
  at least in the case off germany it 's not a case of both sides are bad , rather that the green left is worse . 
  yes . 
  that 's the plan here . 
  really ? 
  who has lower emissions per kwh germany or france ? 
  germany did not replace nuclear with green energy , otherwise co2 emissions would not have increased in the electrical sector . 
  clinton would n't do anything for climate change , she wants to follow the example of germany , which would hold up electric cars because no one is going to buy an electric car when electricity is $ .40 per kwh . 
  green energy as they want to impliment it would just entrench fossil fuels . 
  amazing , just a month ago people were cheering the extra judicial kill lists for uk citizens . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/sas-special-forces-hit-list-iraq-syria-isis-terrorist-attacks-drones-a7400756.html but somehow when a drone is involved everyone gets in a moral panic . 
  cw7 has real potential to address global warming . 
  it 's a highly reflective aerosol that could be added to airplane fuel . 
  and left wingers want to shut down nuclear plants and replace them with natural gas and coal ... until some point in the future . 
  no side really looks good here . 
  cdu used to be hawkish on immigration , now merkel has adopted the left wing position . 
  so she may be the most conservative acceptable candidate in germany but that hardly makes her conservative in a absolute sense . 
  also i do n't understand the hitler or stalin reference . 
  merkel is conservative in the same way hillary clinton is a left winger or a socialist . 
  kim jong un has been the target of fat shaming and anti korean hate speech . 
  this is actually the only thing they regulate , actually north korea has total free speech , just hate speech is banned . 
  also disagreeing with erdogan does n't fall under freedom of speech .
