  there 's a lot of people from a certain president and his sub here lately . 
  they really think that people risking their lives are doing so just for a few hundred euros a month and an apartment . 
  eritrea does not respect basic democratic rights and enforces years long conscription . 
  after the way malta treats refugees and the conditions in their camps i can see that many humanitarian minded members of parliament would not show up . 
  granted , most of them are probably just not there because of laziness , but i 'd imagine some green and left members are avoiding it for the below reason . 
  just report them to mods . 
   think it 's closer to 125 lbs . 
  actually , its up to 140 now , pound is getting weaker because of brexit . 
  also where islam is a quite progressive religion , despite what people from a certain american sub want us to think . 
   right ... so lets say in a decades time afd gets elected and they use either this volksverhetzung law for their own purposes , you 'd be cool with that right ? 
  afd is polling at under 10 % and they would have to appoint new judges for that to happen , not a serious worry . 
   you really do n't understand the problem ? 
  the law incentivises multinational companies to decide what 's hate speech , what do u think facebook is likely to do , actually look at things on a case by case basis or block anything remotely ambiguous . 
  good , have you seen the kind of junk posted on facebook \uff1f much better to have all of it removed . 
  the point is we are still far safer than either the us or south africa , and no one considers those locations `` no go '' zones . 
  so regardless of things getting `` worse '' in europe it is far safer here than almost anywhere else . 
  good , then people should just play it safe and not post racist lies if they do n't want fines . 
  this is a social media and should not be used to to spread hate andr racism . 
  is it really that hard ? 
  do n't spread nonsense and racist lies like a certain president and his sub does , than you do n't have a problem . 
  we are not talking about a high standard here . 
  yup , universal healthcare , housing , food - sounds terrible . 
   sooner or later this power will fall in the hans of a group that you wo n't agree with . 
  that 's pretty unlikely , merkel is on her way to winning a clear mandate and furthermore this will require judicial oversight , so it is immune to the whims of politicians . 
  still , this will encourage an abundance of caution and companies will work actively to avoid these fines and most of the speech along the lines of `` i hate group '' will hopefully be removed just to be safe . 
  hopefully companies will pro-actively remove anything that even seems like hate speech now , the internet ca n't be used to spread toxic ideologies . 
  maybe people not only want a safe place but a place that offers economic security , healthcare and housing ? 
  it 's illegal to return people to an unsafe country . 
  it 's just common sense , europe has a declining population and will need people to be the next generation of workers , and walling ourselves off as trump and his ilk wants is no solution . 
  it would require changing the eu charter of human rights , which is rightfully hard or almost impossible to do . 
  sad that standing up for human rights gets you downvoted . 
  a lot of people coming from a certain american sub lately ... 
  the ehcr willl rightly shoot this down . 
  the eu can not let this stand , turning boats around which are saving lives is illegal . 
  common problem between both countries ? 
  conservative governments that rolled back regulations to favor corporate profits . 
  the problem is that google is the default search and people may not even go to third party sites , completely shutting european companies out of the market . 
  a good settlement would force google to sometimes display results from competing sites or just direct the user to their url . 
  even if there is any relation between trains being late and helping refugees , i think trains running a bit late would a fine price to pay for helping hundreds of thousands of people settle in sweden . 
  nope , lol , i wo n't be effected because i 'm not spreading racist hate speech . 
  i do n't know why you need to be sarcastic about that , sweden is hugely influential in the promotion of human rights and leading as an example . 
  sweden gets a lot well deserved praise for its actions . 
  oh no , trolls wo n't be able to spread their bile and intimidate people anymore !, 
  what ever shall they do ? 
  well said , it 's funny to have this influx of people from td telling us how free speech is supposed to work . 
  here companies need to take responsibility for the content they republish , i do n't see why facebook should be allowed to publish hateful comments from its users . 
  we are n't talking about donald trump deciding what is and is not hate speech , but a state lead by angela merkel who has shown herself to be the paragon of reasonable boring centrism . 
  good , that 's the purpose of these laws . 
  you want to spread hate online ? 
  well you can deal with a lengthy trial and police raiding your house . 
  even if they are n't convicted , this sort of speech that adds nothing to the conversation can be shut out . 
  do n't worry , it 's all ~ ~ holy roman ~ ~ ~ ~ hapbsburg ~ ~ ~ ~ french ~ ~ ~ ~ german ~ ~ european territory anyway . 
  yup , the home of the kkk and trump voting states is more likely to give a black person a fair chance ^ / s, 
  if germany is going to address the lower employment statistics of middle easterners and north africans they will need to address the both the polite and impolite racism that causes the problem . 
  hopefully the ehcr will overturn this as a violation of human rights and religious freedom . 
  second largest , there 's so people do not agree with their sentiments , if they did they would be the largest parties . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , this `` questioning '' is only because of the color of their skin . 
  the right to refugee is fundemental to the eu and many of the people arriving are in fact refugees so this editorial offers no solutions . 
  i 'd argue this editorial is actually hate speech and has no place on this sub . 
  then i hope the eu sanctions you until you respect the eu charter of human rights . 
  well said , the vast majority of europeans welcome multiculturalism and diversity . 
  there is just an influx of people from a certain american sub spreading their drivel . 
   you can talk to putin as much as you like , but let 's be honest , the result of this talks is pretty similar to our `` i spit in your face '' . 
  what was the result of george w. bush 's , obama 's and now trump 's confrontational stance with russia ? 
  the invasion of georgia , the annexation of crimea and war in ukraine . 
  i think it 's clear a new approach is needed here , and it 's not simply more sanctions and military spending . 
   germany 's strength does not lie in its military . 
  while you prefer to point the biggest possible gun at your `` enemy '' , we 'd prefer diplomacy and influence . 
  and look : we are still able to talk to putin , while your politics consist solely out of `` i spit in your face , asshole '' . 
  exactly , history has proven that negotiation is the only way that results in a positive outcome . 
  the trump/bush/reagan method of confrontation and ever increasing sanctions only feeds into the divide . 
  it 's the kind of theresa may style austerity that is directly responsible for this , cutting funding for forestry year after year has a predictable result . 
  snus could encourage people to take up nicotine use which is still not beneficicial , it 's correct the eu bans it . 
  yes ... because there 's no difference between trump and angela merkel ^ / s, 
   should n't the attacks be the problem just by themselves and not that they benefit another political party ? 
  of course , but it 's doubly important that the attacks not also play into the hands of the far right . 
  it 's one thing to hand those keys over to a big brother like teresa may or donald trump , it 's another to hand them to a german * state that is battling hard against the far right where every attack only makes them stronger . 
  without these powers there will more attacks and it will play into the hands of xenophobes and npd . 
  edit : fixed spelling of german, 
  after she and the tories have been cutting back for years , it 's not surprising this would happen . 
  without eu regulations to enforce a minimum standard this sort of thing will happen much more frequently . 
  it 's already far to late to do anything but tinker . 
  realistically , if even the world leader in renewable energy - germany - has only slightly reducing emissions i do n't think there 's much hope . 
  coal fires naturally occur as well , the persistence of that one indicates some human or natural activity would have eventually started it . 
  granted it may have taken thousands of years . 
  people also forget , being suspected of having joined isis is not cause for withdrawal of welfare . 
  before benefits are withdrawn people should be tried in a court with a chance of defending themselves . 
  there 's actually good evidence that in viking times similar practices existed , so it 's quite rich for swedes to judge everyone else on the issue . 
  i do n't think it should be sweden 's place to split up families . 
  well said , if popular opinion was really so against myslim immigration then we would have seen the , sweden democrats afd and fn sweeping elections . 
  instead they have failed . 
  so we have both eu law that demands we respect refugees and the right to asylum and multiple elections showing the same . 
  outside of reddits little echo chamber most people support the current eu course . 
  australia is constantly criticized for their policies . 
  they welcomed refugees when they joined the eu , the right to refuge and asylum is central to the eu . 
  it 's totally counter to the eu charter of human rights , it will never be implemented and rightfully so . 
  it is inhumane . 
  these things ca n't be implemented in the eu because they are counter to all eu laws and intents . 
  sad that eu law and respecting it in spirit and practice is a `` ridiculous demand . '', 
  enforcing this is a central part of the eu , you seem to think the eu is just your getting free money and movement .
