  yes . 
  there are real differences in culture . 
  somehow norwegian left wingers can admit this when it comes to americans amd members of the gop but not when it comes to anyone with a darker skin tone . 
  amusing , because we just close the border with russia and do not let refugees cross there anymore . 
  not even trump proposed to close the border to all central american refugees . 
  but i suppose it is ok because we have a real problem here , not like the americans that just need to stop being racist and mean for everyone to get along . 
  maybe the church of england should not stick its nose into others lives . 
  as an atheist i would not want them praying for me and i find this sort of thing wrong on a basic level . 
  look at the videos of the refugees attempting to force their way onto trucks and threatening the lives of anyone who sadly needs to travel through the area , not to mention the local residents . 
  the refugees themselves are more or less a militia - at any point in time they could apply for refugee status in france and then await deportation when their country of origin is safe to return to . 
  that said , they should not be beaten up . 
  the police should process them all and they should all be denied any entry to england and all those whose country or origin is safe should be returned as soon as possible . 
  the current state of affairs is cruel and sick , these people are being used as puppets by open borders advocates who are quite happy to let them suffer . 
  what i do n't get is why the height of the bridge a limit for the maximum height of ship that can pass through ? 
  * while exiting the baltic sea , the vessel passed underneath the great belt fixed link in denmark on 1 november 2009 . 
  the bridge has a clearance of 65 m ( 213 ft ) above the water ; oasis normally has an air draft of 72 m ( 236 ft ) . 
  the passage under the bridge was possible due to retraction of the telescoping funnels , and an additional 30 cm ( 12 in ) was gained by the squat effect whereby vessels traveling at speed in a shallow channel will be drawn deeper into the water . 
  [ 20 ] approaching the bridge at 20 knots ( 37 km/h ; 23 mph ) , the ship passed under it with less than 60 centimetres ( 2 ft ) of clearance . 
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_oasis_of_the_seas why do n't they just go south of sprog\u00f8 ? 
  but if germans are going to be speeding up and down the coast of the united states in awacs , one has to ask why the americans even bothered fighting world war 2 ?? 
  seems like the end result is the same -  germany patrolling american skies ! 11 !, 
  woohoo , shorted dbk two weeks ago . 
  no danes have posted yet . 
  can confirm denmark has been destroyed . 
  99 % of black people in the u.s. have never even seen someone get shot by the cops , i lived for four years in the u.s. and never saw anyone shoot a gun . 
  not once . 
  never even heard a gunshot . 
  does that mean that all the talk about the u.s. having a problem with gun violence is `` next to non existent '' ? 
  actually if a few of them drowned after the italians sank the boats , the stream would stop tomorrow and loves would be saved over the long term . 
  the current situation insures ongoing death . 
  refugees will not let themselves be redistributed . 
  they do n't want it and will not put up with it , they want to be in germany . 
  what i do n't understand is that since even the genuine refugees from syria did not want to be redistributed , why was this an idea for so long . 
  eventually sweden and germany will offer them legal status and end deportations , it 's just a question of time . 
  before you know it these people will have been living in europe for years and it will simply become impossible to deport them short of electing someone like trump . 
  the only long term solution would be the australian model , instead we will keep trying over and over again to outsource our border defense to someone else . 
  it 's a sick joke . 
  then that 's not sharia law . 
  that is something like muslim family courts or something of the like , which i also oppose and find highly disturbing . 
  such courts consistently end up ruling that women must stay with abusive husbands , fail to investigate genital mutilation and treat anyone involved in a dispute who is not a `` good muslim '' unfairly . 
  exactly , basically the reasoning of the people we are arguing with would demand we send the police down to syria and perform a forensic investigation to determine what each isis member did and then give them a trial . 
  bombing their convoys would be illegal , killing their leaders would be a criminal act ( since they are not about to kill someone ) . 
  it 's an amusing image though , swiss police walking up to jihadists in syria and telling them to put down their guns and they are under arrest and will face trial . 
  the guy joined isis , that is proven . 
  it is proven he voluntarily joined a organization which exists to commit crimes against humanity and has declared war on europe . 
  by doing so , he is supporting those crimes and also is at war . 
  it is no different than someone from england joining the ss in 1940 . 
  this person engaged in the very definition of treason . 
  that is his crime and the only crime that must be proven . 
  so you oppose the bombing campaign against isis , if we are not in a state of war against them then all the people killed by those bombs are extra judicial executions and the european leaders ordering the bombing campaign are war criminals . 
  well , many are not burmese citizens , rather they came illegally from burma and ought to be deported , just as germany deports people who are denied asylum . 
  but again , i agree the situation there is a nightmare , thats why it should have been addressed decades ago . 
  now it 's too late for an easy solution . 
  as to secure borders , look at what spain does . 
  if shengen is to exist it must have secure outward borders otherwise deportation is meaningless . 
  there 's a reason i said soviet union , it was the dissolution of it that allowed foreign jihadists to infiltrate chechnya and create what was more or less a continuation of the afghan soviet war . 
  in burma bhuddists are attempting to prevent what has already happened to hindus in the border areas of india near bangledesh . 
  optimally the situation should never have gotten to this point and they should have been deported to bangledesh decades ago . 
  a clear example of why the you need srtrong borders now and fast deportations , otherwise you end up with a humanitarian catastrophe with no good solution . 
  europeans would never let someone come to their country who was suspected of assisting in mass rape and murder in another european country , the very idea of rehabilitating or `` investigating the crimes '' of these people is borne out of disregard for the lives of syrians . 
  either they should be treated as members of organized crime ring , and all punished for contributing to the crimes of isis ( life in prison without parole ) or they should be extradited to syria where they would probably be put to death . 
  no , i 'm not happy he is still an italian citizen !, 
  italy should revoke his citizenship as well . 
  if they can not do it , then the laws should be changed so they can , since the man voluntarily gave up his citizenship by joining isis ( they burn their passports often to show they are no longer european citizens ) . 
  he committed treason , if joining an organization that has declared war and actively seeks to slaughter europeans is not treason , then nothing is . 
  if he ever returns to europe he should be imprisoned for life without parole and cut off from all contact with other prisoners ( so he can not radicalize them ) . 
  if his whereabouts in syria are known , he should be bombed . 
  his family should be investigated to see if they contributed to his radicalization . 
  the solution here is for italy to also revoke his citizenship , either that or charge him with treason , followed by life in solitary confinement without parole . 
  to me failing to follow this pathway is a gross lack of european solidarity . 
  isis has declared war on france , germany , italy and britain . 
  switzerland , as a european state , should treat anyone joining isis as traitors to switzerland , no different from a french person who actively helped the nazis in 1941 or vidkun quisling . 
  anyone from europe joining isis is joining an organization that is known to enslave people , rape , pillage , torture and joining them is the same as being a member of an organized crime ring , all members should be punished as a whole . 
  actually i think human history would suggest the opposite , countries which have been strict towards muslims ( soviet union , eastern europe , china , burma ) have suffered less terrorism and a more integrated muslim populace . 
   here must absolutely be much less and more controlled middle eastern immigration , and last year 's numbers were way too high . 
  however it should be done in smart ways and without simplistic actionism such as blanket bans on migration if the numbers are already too high , would n't a blanket ban be the logical reaction ? 
   is n't it slightly concerning that there was n't a proper register of people going in and out of the country ? 
  who are you , trump ? 
  sorry you have not been informed , we are now governed by ... president for life , lars rasmussen !!, 
  good morning !, 
  ( honestly this is what it was like when the germans ~ ~ invaded ~ ~ liberated us in 1941 , one day my grandfather woke up and there was some guy with a german accent on the radio . 
  sharia law specifically lays out punishments for non-muslims , and for example how their testimony should be considered in a court of law . 
   non-muslim people of the book living in an islamic nation under sharia law were given a number of rights , such as the right to freely practice their faith in private and to receive state protection . 
  in turn , they had a legal responsibility , the payment of a special tax called jizya ( `` tribute '' ) in place of zakat . 
  the social structure of the ottoman empire would serve as an example of how non-muslims were treated . 
  actually there are real theological differences between christianity , islam and bhuddism . 
  islam has no `` give onto caesar '', 
  if a builder wants to build a skyscraper but sees the foundation ca n't support it but then proceeds to build anyway , that builder is responsible for the following building disaster . 
  uranium can be economically harvested from seawater , we have enough to last for tens of thousands of years . 
  and renewables require subsidies but fail to actually replace natural gas , nuclear wins . 
  are you literally denmark ? 
  pretty cool to have a country itself posting on reddit !, 
  could you do an ama about what it is like being a country ? 
  i think it 's across the bay in alameda . 
  actually i more or less agree with you , tribalism is natural and expected . 
  the conspiracy is not to create this conflict , but to exploit the divisions that exist and then govern a divided populace . 
  if a country is united by culture they will easily organize and throw out corrupt politicians , but that will less and less be the case in europe . 
  this is a happy accident for the decision making class . 
  the desired outcome by the elites is social destabilization as france is experiencing . 
  it is not an accident .
