  it would still need to be ratified by eu states . 
  they are performing well . 
  long term the euro depends on italy being able to return to economic growth , along with greece . 
  the longer they remain in economic stagnation , the higher the chance that the eurozone will experience an exit of greece and italy so they can compete with northern european countries . 
  this is definitely a blow to the eurozone . 
  eventually i think greece and italy will leave the eurozone , the question is just how much stagnation and economic malaise it will take before it happens - even eu federalists in germany do n't want a fiscal union , so there 's really no alternative . 
  uh oh , i hope he does n't hand the election to the fpo by accepting more refugees . 
  would have been safer if hofer had won , now the fpo has a shot to win parliamentary elections . 
  the ultimate victory over the nazis is to destroy your country more thoroughly than they ever could have managed . 
  [ venezuela right now is really teaching the nazis ] ( https://news.vice.com/article/venezuela-in-crisis-families-are-fed-up-with-going-hungry ) a good lesson [ for declaring war on them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venezuela_during_world_war_ii ), 
  unforgivable to whom ? 
  i think it 's proper to forgive germany , and move forward as equals without blaming the current generation for the sins of the past , it 's a central part of the eu project . 
  whether those who ordered terror bombings against a neutral sate should be forgiven , there i agree , such people should n't be forgiven . 
  but they 're all dead now anyway . 
  yeah the afd already said they will use them , so when i look at this issue that 's why i think it 's important to vote for merkel . 
  the only way to beat a bad bot is a good one , time for pro-merkel bot !, 
  great blog . 
  also , i think this topic is very interesting and i enjoy your take on it . 
  really when it comes down to it we need to vote for merkel . 
  arte is a great channel , very under rated . 
  there were a few documentaries that i watched years ago and could n't find a copy of , i wrote them a letter and they sent me a dvd for free all the way to norway . 
  i understand that , but no matter what it 's powers it 's still not an equal representation system . 
  the reason for that is quite similar to why the us is not an equal representation system , smaller countries ( states ) want to make sure their voice is not ignored , and that 's at all levels . 
  i also do n't understand how people lack so much awareness , the power structure of the us federal government is more representative of population than that of the eu . 
  the president of the commission is chosen by the european council which is not a popular vote representation either . 
  why does everyone hate effigies ? 
  it 's the one thing that binds stupid protesters , hatred of effigies . 
  the office of the president of the republic sucks !, 
  sorry , i had to do it . 
  to many islamists in the west that makes no difference , isis and hamas are both enemies of the west so they support them both . 
  these guys are not known for their logic . 
  i really do n't understand the idea that nationalists ca n't work together across borders , euroskeptics work together in the european parliament . 
  american and british nationalists get along well . 
  polish and hungarian nationalists get along well . 
  argentine and venezuelan nationalists got along well ( until recently ) . 
  it 's logical that people who share similar or identical goals work with each other . 
  nationalists are not some sort of rabid animals that want to kill anyone who is not from their nation on sight , i might not agree with them , but the reddit understanding of them is going a bit far . 
  what side in french politics can claim to have no history of collaborating ? 
  i do always find the slogan of `` better hitler than blume '' amusing though . 
  to me being critical of the french right for collaborating with the nazis is nonsense , france was smashed , the path before people on the right seemed like saving some honor and part of the french empire or submitting to total german domination . 
  that the us would enter the war and the nazis would lose on the eastern front was not obvious at all at the time . 
  of course every reddit armchair activist pretends they would have lead the fight against the nazis after the fall of france , but quite frankly that 's bullshit . 
  most people would do what the majority of the french population did : go with the flow and the guys that seemed to be the clear winners . 
  a paperless society is always 10 years away , but to get there you ca n't experience the years in between . 
  you need to instantly time travel to ten years in the future . 
  only problem with that analogy is that erich honecker is not l\u00f6fven , nor are we talking about donald trump . 
  the swedish government does n't have much interests in spying on what people buy . 
  it always comes down to sucking dick ... 
  that is pretty far fetched who is going to attack sweden ? 
  america coddle people and protects them from the legal consequences of their actions as exist everywhere else in the world . 
  but muh freeze peach !, 
  not just disgust , but with criminal penalties . 
  that stuff being allowed in the us is a travesty and an embarrassment . 
  americans seem to think freedom of speech includes `` freedom of hate speech '' - in the real world it does n't . 
  always a surprise for them . 
   sure , you wo n't mind someone knowing that you bought some apples at the local supermarket last saturday morning why would i care about that ? 
  if anyone cares about my shopping habits , more power to them . 
  they are pretty boring . 
  most exciting thing might be some radical books from eldorado bookstore in oslo or r\u00f6da stj\u00e4rnan in g\u00f6teborg . 
  this is good because it will reduce tax cheating and avoidance . 
  greece could benefit as well by eliminating cash . 
  if `` migrations '' were really unpopular you 'd see more people voting for the afd to send a signal , if anything that part of merkel 's platform is more popular than ever . 
  exactly , 800,000 per year of 2015 may have been too high , but the vast majority ( 90 % + ) of germans find 300,000 per year arrivals to be a good policy . 
  the point is if the refugee policy were really so unpopular then people would vote for the afd just as a signal , but only 6-7 % of people even plan to do that . 
  the vast majority of germans agree with merkel 's refugee politics . 
  because all the attacks on her immigration policy are nonsense , it is actually very popular and has only become more popular with time . 
  but i thought germans were all angry about letting in too many refugees and wanted them deported !!, 
  ! 111 looks like that is not a real thing outside of the reddit circle jerk . 
  despite all the talk about germans supposedly turning against merkel 's stance on refugees , you can see the afd is at an all time low . 
  if anything welcoming refugees has become more popular , not less . 
  that 's a different issue than the current political crisis . 
  corbyn was referencing the economic gains . 
  as soon as you see `` corbyn '' in the headline you can stop reading , everything that follows is going to be a desperate hit piece . 
  look at what has been accomplished in venezuela , a massive reduction in poverty , more elections than under any previous government , popular education programs and health care . 
  crobyn is right to praise it . 
  sounds like the european commission , except there voters in one country have 193x the worth . 
  ( malta 480k has one commissioner , vs. germany has 85m and one commissioner ) . 
  i 'd prefer everything to be popular vote , the eu would be much more unified . 
  another example of the poles faking documents !, 
   keep your country italian yup , because italian culture is about to disappear if just one more muslim sets foot there !, 
  why did you put greece in the northern mediterranean ? 
  maybe if instead of just putting it where the weather was nice , you 'd considered the problem of being close to turkey first , you would n't have this problem . 
  greece could have been off the coast of norway instead , then you 'd have oil , but you lazy greeks did n't want to build well insulated homes and instead sit about in the sun all day . 
  but i thought there was supposed to be 220m extra for healthcare after leaving the eu ? 
  the corporations selling the drinks can also just have lower profit margins . 
  apparently , neither are the protestors . 
  it 's bs he 's not even being tried for the emissions but for lying about it when it was already under investigation anyway . 
  they are just making an example of him . 
  eu should request to extradite or it will just be a joke of a trial . 
  yes but not forever , the article acts like it will never be drilled . 
  only greens want to do that ( which is why i will vote them ) . 
  this shows the cdu is actually a very authoritarian party , but they have done a good job in cultivating a moderate image . 
  so you literally support discrimination . 
  at least ou are honest about what you stand for . 
  summary execution of `` illegal combatants '' without trial , now wildly popular ... it 's one thing if they are accidentally killed but france is hunting them down . 
  it 's something bush would dream up . 
  literally suggesting racial and age profiling , right out of trumps campaign rhetoric , then gets upvotes . 
  and then fifteen years from now everyone will be complaining about the insane politicians that locked some youths ( who are now mature men after spending 15 years in jail ) away for life just because they were carrying a small vile of acid around with them when they were a foolish kid . 
  people need to be found guilty of a crime , not just suspected . 
  just traveling to syria is not a crime .
