  it 's worse in ireland . 
  they tried to influence the gay marriage vote and we still have 3rd world abortion laws because women have to go to the uk to get an abortion which is just sad . 
  i ca n't wait for the catholic church to lose the power it has . 
  probably all abrahamic faiths i 'd imagine . 
  they all believe god created the universe and he has control and has a plan and so on . 
  when your in france do as the french do . 
  when your in saudi you do as the saudis do . 
  plus why did she travel all the way from australia to begin with ? 
  schools should be secular no exceptions . 
  this includes crosses , hijabs and so on . 
  schools should n't give religious exemptions because the odds are the kids are being brainwashed by their parents into believing religion . 
  is n't that the main reason russia invaded in the first place ? 
  like how they invaded crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  to distract the russian public of their economic problems and corruption of the putin government by showing how `` great '' the russian military is . 
  has n't it been proven that putin has supported many far right parties in europe ? 
  the far right loves putin so this does n't surprise me . 
  yeah . 
  he 's the waste of money . 
  that too . 
  poland has been fucked over throughout history in that regard . 
  the invasion led to those 50 years though and the beginning of the cold war . 
  if the soviet union never occupied poland and the eastern bloc eastern europe might not be so behind economically from western europe as they are today . 
  yeah but the soviet union fucked over poland and the rest of eastern europe for half a century with their communist central planning economy and those countries are still recovering from it today . 
  you should read about some of the horrible war crimes the ussr committed against the poles , romanians and other soviet satellite states . 
  this should make negotiations for them to have access to the eu market more interesting . 
  it 's going to be a nasty divorce . 
  whoever came up with this idea deserves a raise . 
  i 'd love to have a tap in my sink that pours beer from a pipeline . 
  a beer pipeline is something i can get behind . 
  they could be a great ally to the eu if it was n't for erdogan violating human rights law by committing a mass purge of journalists , judges and policemen . 
  and do n't forget about erdogan blackmailing the eu with the migrant deal . 
  i 've been to turkey and love the country but erdogan is an unreliable and dangerous partner . 
  i agree with this . 
  this is one of many negative aspects that will happen to the u.k. . once they leave the eu . 
  they will lose political and economic leverage without help from the eu . 
  nothing has happened yet . 
  come back to me when the u.k. actually leaves the eu . 
  why would pro eu people attack polish people ? 
  the leave campaign is responsible for this because of their campaign based on fear and bigotry . 
  notice how these attacks have increased after brexit . 
  torygraph.co.uk should be their real name . 
  i 'm still waiting for the weath to trickle down to me . 
  which is ironic since he 's the biggest anti eu politican out there along with boris johnson and he 's still taking taxpayer money to not do anything . 
  what a hypocrite . 
  nothing has happened yet !, 
  there was an initial shock in the markets and the pound devaluated but life is going on as normal . 
  once may actually triggers article 50 then things will change . 
  he supports the leave campaign so that 's what i though as well . 
  ah an american who supports the leave campaign without doing research on the topic . 
  i 'm guessing your a trump supporter . 
  it was the leave campaign using fear tactics by saying immigrants are going to steal your jobs and how the eu is taking over the british government and so on . 
  nothing has happened yet !, 
  it was just an initial shock . 
  look at your pound 's devaluation . 
  just wait until you actually trigger article 50 . 
  wow someone sounds desperate . 
  i hope my government does eveything it can to attract those companies to dublin and the rest of ireland along with other companies that depend on the eu market . 
  i 've tried arguing with them myself on here with facts and figures before and they refuse to accept facts . 
  they 'll get a wake up call soon enough . 
  i 'm not surprised by that . 
  nobody forced them to leave the eu . 
  in fact we begged them to stay so now they have to deal with the consequences . 
  same here . 
  you have no idea how the eu works . 
  britian gets a lot more from the eu with access to the market and free trade with eu member states . 
  you will lose all of that once you trigger article 50 and that situation will become even worse than it is now . 
  i never said give them a pass . 
  anyone who joins islamic state does n't get a 2nd chance but islamic hate preachers like him are n't helping the situation . 
  i agree . 
  he brainwashed young people to fight for is . 
  should 've been jailed for life . 
  i feel like he got a light sentence . 
  he 's a traitor for supporting is and should 've been jailed longer than 5 years . 
  edit : spelling . 
  your 're not helping the situation . 
  more weapons in the mid east means the odds of those weapons killing civilians and ending up in terrorist hands increases . 
  look at what happened in iraq with isis and how they got all of those american weapons . 
  because you sell weapons to the saudis and other islamist regimes that kill civilians . 
  you 've been on reddit for 32 minutes . 
  you 're a bad troll . 
  yes mistakes were made but we 're not going to get kicked out . 
  ireland is very pro eu . 
  looks like a purge to me . 
  erdogan clearly had this list of his enemies to purge and erdogan was waiting for the right moment . 
  which is false considering they are barrel bombing and destroying entire neighborhoods in aleppo and other places . 
  denial is strong in russia . 
  it 's like how turkey denies the armenian genocide . 
  well yeah nothing has happened yet . 
  life is going on as normal . 
  that 'll change once the uk triggers article 50 . 
  until you lose your job and your out on the street and the bank takes eveything . 
  and i 've got a nice car , flat and 0 debt and i 'm 23 . 
  not many americans at my age can say that . 
  you clearly did n't read the article . 
  exactly . 
  he 's obviously a trump supporter . 
  plus gdp growth is n't everything when it comes to the economy . 
  you 're very ignorant . 
  i 'll enjoy my free education and heathcare while you deal with trump . 
  you should travel outside of the us for once and get off reddit to see how the real world works .
