  i still plan on going . 
  terrorists are n't going to ruin my plans of watching some football . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  if you increase the labor market wages go down . 
  it 's simple economics . 
  i did n't even know we were so close to switzerland . 
  we 're one of the strongest economies in europe right now it seems . 
  good . 
  if you immigrate to a country you follow its laws and integrate to society . 
  it 's not a radical concept . 
  edit : this applies to anyone immigrating to any country . 
  that 's most days for us . 
  dodge challenger r/t , chevy corvette and the new mustang gt . 
  pretty much any muscle car with a v8 that we do n't get here . 
  it seems greece ca n't catch a break between this and the migrant crisis . 
  low corporate tax rates are bringing in a lot of international companies and we have highly educated workforce . 
  we have a lot of tech / it and pharmaceutical companies here . 
  there are still problems but things seem to be a lot better now than they were during the financial crisis . 
  yay ireland !, 
  now just imagine if we had a functioning government . 
  we do seem to be doing a lot better than western europe . 
  they 're upside down and ride kangaroos to work . 
  uh if you checked the referrendum you 'd know the only choice was to go back to russia and how about you ask the local tartars how they feel about russian occupation . 
  agreed . 
  russia has n't changed their behaviour and are still occupying crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  i agree with boris johnson here . 
  the u.k. and the us seem to be in a race for most hated government . 
  just wait until the turks vote for his executive powers . 
  all of this can be traced back to saudi arabia i guarantee it . 
  the farc in colombia disarmed and they 're reintegrating into society so i do n't see why the same thing can happen here . 
  saudi arabia are our allies so it 's ok / s. 
  was about to say the same thing . 
  putin is a thug and killer and should be treated as such . 
  the soldiers are on holiday !, 
  there 's no war in ukraine they were invited / s. 
  yeah a lot of non irish do n't really know how bad the famine really was . 
  because it 's aramco which has helped saudi arabia spread terrorism throughout the world . 
  russia likes it a lot . 
  oh i agree and i do feel bad for the innocent people that were killed but this playing the victim is getting desperate . 
  western nations did n't shoot down a civilian airliner though . 
  how much sympathy did the shooting down of the malaysian airlines plane by a russian rebels in ukirane get by the russian government ? 
  power to russia you mean . 
  thank you !, 
  this is like some red pill 4chan nonsense . 
  not even a week in and these insults are hilarious . 
  and the fact that gibraltar is a tax haven . 
  the u.k. expected the eu to roll over on every single issue when in fact that 's not going to happen . 
  chill out bro !, 
  well merkel is n't a putin puppet and you are so yes you are the anti merkel in many ways . 
  no they voted based on lies . 
  i 'm mainly concerned about the border . 
  i do not want a militarized border . 
  things have been peaceful and i want them to stay that way . 
  i 've become more in favour of a unified ireland to make sure that happens . 
  that 's what i 've been saying all this time . 
  plus the eu is in a much better position to make a deal than the u.k. is . 
  the u.k. 
  needs access to the single market and it needs all of those eu nationals in the u.k. . as well . 
  and yet the working class who voted for brexit things he 's one of them . 
  it 's almost like he 's a massive hypocrite . 
  or waffles ? 
  this is more to send a message to catalonia because catalonia wants to become independent and possibly join the eu which spain is against . 
  one who respects democracy and human rights for starters . 
  well trump and his supporters do like their alternative facts . 
  well austria recently voted against the far right and poland still heavily depends on free movement so they 're not going to leave anytime soon , le pen does n't have any support in the 2nd round and italy and denmark were never going to leave . 
  / r/russiadenies . 
  the only people who made it divisive where people like nigel farage who took an eu salary to say how horrible the eu is . 
  you guys are the only ones complaining about the eu . 
  yeah you guys have n't benefited from the eu at all / s. 
  we really need to start addressing wahhabism and the terrorists saudi arabia inspires and funds . 
  if we do n't these attacks wo n't stop . 
  well jailing people based on lack of evidence is a very slippery slope that a democracy should n't go down . 
  you 're bound to lock up innocent people . 
  / r/russiadenies . 
  the torygraph excited about brexit no they 're not biased at all / s. 
  you should go read the bbc facebook comments . 
  those are worse . 
  yeah with blackjack and hookers !, 
  i feel like he 's trying to strike a balance between the two . 
  japan exports a lot of goods to both america and the eu and as of right now both are pursuing different trade policies so upsetting either would n't be good for the japanese economy . 
  this picture is lacking windmills to make it 100 % dutch . 
  first step is denial . 
  someone knocked on putin 's door at the wrong time of day . 
  and yet erdogan calls the dutch and germans nazis and facists . 
  a victory for europe and the eu . 
  well done netherlands . 
  it looks like an onion headline . 
  so he 's mobilizing islamic fascism then ? 
  this is just to send a message to catalonia because they want to become an independent eu state . 
  sounds like that 's going on in the us as well . 
  the irony in that statement is hilarious . 
  but i 've got my popcorn ready . 
  would a 2nd referendum have a higher chance of passing ? 
  no it 's playing the victim which is great for his supporters . 
  he 's trying to make europe look bad and that 's he 's standing up to europe for turkey . 
  putin does the same thing . 
  seriously if these people hate the netherlands so much they should live back to turkey and live under erdogan if they love him so much . 
  or free movement that poland depends on . 
  poland is not in a position to call out the eu when it greatly benefits from it . 
  have you not seen the migrant/refugee crisis the last few years ?
