  that 's a whole new level of facebook stalking . 
  surely some of those hard working brits who complained about migrant labour will do those hard working low pay jobs that the migrants did right ? 
  and an educated population . 
  the eu needs to stop being dependent on russian gas . 
  israel needs to stop with the victim complex . 
  yeah sadly i 'm not surprised at all . 
  the catholic church is evil . 
  it 's sad to see turkey transitioning from a secular democracy to an islamist dictatorship . 
  the first air-dropped bomb in military history was developed by the bulgarian air force during the first balkan war and was used on october 16th , 1912, 
  him and bush should be tried in the icc for crimes against humanity . 
  he is not going to help labour by speaking . 
  yeah the us is home to most of the tech companies and they have thousands of tech startups . 
  if there is one thing the us is good at its innovation . 
  the problem is the right wing tabloids and people like nigel farage have used the eu as a scapegoat for all of the u.k. 's problems when in reality it was the conservative policies that have created many of the u.k 's problems . 
  i 'm just waiting for the fights on who 's the least lazy . 
  what 's the benefit in doing this ? 
  i hate rt but that 's actually pretty funny . 
  why does trump want to work with putin so badly ? 
  what does the us gain from this ? 
  i 'm assuming russia 's is so high is because of oil drilling but why is ukraine so high ? 
  yeah this is not a protest this is a riot . 
  destroying people 's cars and attacking police officers should not be tolerated . 
  ca n't have human rights if you arrest the rights activists . 
  taps head . 
  maybe all of the turks living in germany and the rest of europe that support erdogan should move back to turkey if they love him so much . 
  it 's much easier to support a dictator when you do n't live under his rule . 
  well trump treats her like shit so what would you expect ? 
  and yet israel will play the victim and wonder why many people do n't like their government . 
  despite the fact that eastern europe has greatly benefited form eu investment and open borders since lots of eastern europeans live here in western europe ? 
  crooked le pen !, 
  lock her up !!, 
  lock her up !, 
  or maybe it 's tory austerity policies that are hurting your economy but continue to keep using the eu as a scapegoat for your self inflicted wounds . 
  one good thing about you guys leaving is that you will no longer be able to use the eu as a scapegoat for all of your problems . 
  france is part of the eu and one of the main members also macron is pro eu so why would n't macron have a eu flag next to the french flag ? 
  i approve . 
  now who will the government classify as a terrorist ? 
  this should scare everyone . 
  so how would bannning the morning after pill solve that ? 
  this will only increase unwanted pregnancies . 
  the only thing this does is punishes women for having sex . 
  uh no the eu just left the option open in case you vote against it and that 's exactly what irony is . 
  the irony of the british claiming genoicde because they agreed to rules they ended up not liking when they 've committed genocide throughout history . 
  lol how is it an independence day ? 
  nobody forced you to be in the eu and we 're allowing you to leave . 
  it 's ironic that the brit is calling it an independence day when many countries have independence days celebrating independence against you . 
  because he wanted to save the nhs # 350 million a week lol . 
  was about to say the same thing . 
  the last brussels metro bombings happened in the morning when it was packed . 
  9pm on a weeknight is a strange time to pick . 
  all things considered this was the best outcome . 
  nobody died accept the scumbag and as we 've seen it could 've been a massacre . 
  grabs popcorn . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm not a fan of his policies but this is long overdue . 
  we might actually become a liberal western nation if we vote to overturn the ban . 
  they 've been fucking over my country for centuries . 
  at this point i prefer lord buckethead . 
  george orwell is rolling in his grave so hard right now . 
  ca n't have human rights if you arrest the human rights investigator . 
  taps head . 
  they 're just as regressive as republicans in america are . 
  may was on the verge of tears i love it . 
  and here i thought scotland hated the conservatives and wanted to be apart of the eu . 
  labour hold grimsby . 
  my gf is from there and i 'm glad to say she voted for labour . 
  i was hoping to not hear from nigel farage tonight . 
  labour gain battersea !, 
  this older guy is having the time of his life tonight on bbc with all of the graphics . 
  amber rudd looks so nervous . 
  i hope she gets voted out . 
  labour gain rutherglen and hamilton from snp . 
  very interesting to see labour gaining seats from snp . 
  labour hold wrexham . 
  broxbourne goes for the conservatives . 
  haha you think the u.k. would 've actually had a chance to get a good deal even with may . 
  at least now the poor wo n't be fucked over as bad as they would with a conservative majority . 
  how is may good for britain ? 
  it just was n't her campaign her ideas were truly awful . 
  every time she spoke she lost points in polling to corbyn . 
  none of her plans will help the poor and middle class but actually do the opposite and hurt them . 
  as opposed to may who only cares about the rich and their fox hunting . 
  drinking game rules : take a shot every time may says `` strong and stable '' . 
  please clap . 
  regulating the internet will prevent the next attack / s. 
  that and with isis facing defeat in iraq many fighters will return to europe and possibly commit more attacks . 
  stay safe my british friends . 
  i ca n't wait till the day we do n't need petrol from saudi arabia anymore . 
  fuck those wahhabist isis terrorists . 
  she sounds like a robot every time she speaks . 
  she says `` strong and stable '' all the time . 
  you may disagree with corbin but at least he sounds genuine and he actually cares about people other than the rich . 
  plus may 's policies are horrible and will hurt her own voters . 
  and the trade deficit is to market forces aka american 's buying german cars and goods , not unfair trade practices . 
  russia 's dream is to destroy america 's relationship with germany and this idiot is doing it for putin . 
  and if trump is complaining that americans are buying german cars instead of american cars maybe american car companies should make good cars first instead of complaining . 
  the only american cars i 'd consider buying are the corvette and mustang . 
  yes . 
  and the sun , telegraph and independent to name a few . 
  nasa and the rest of the scientific community would disagree with you .
