  with erdogan in charge and his violations of human rights there 's no chance for turkey to join the eu as long as he 's in charge . 
  to be fair our fish and chips are pretty good . 
  at least the guardian called him what he is , an extreme right wing terroist . 
  i hope he 's locked up for the rest of his life and never let out . 
  what has is his family done again ? 
  it was him who committed the terroist attack not his family . 
  i 'd doubt he 'd ever leave the french prison he 's in ever again anyway . 
  exactly . 
  they want all the benefits of the eu without the costs . 
  sorry but it does n't work like that and you ca n't pick and choose which parts of the eu to follow . 
  why does it seem like every village in italy is absolutely beautiful . 
  italy is my favourite country next to my own . 
  meanwhile it 's 8c in ireland . 
  at least it 's sunny out . 
  they also said russia would n't invade ukraine and here we are . 
  this is a good move to counter russia since putin ca n't be trusted . 
  especially since isis is getting pushed out of iraq and syria . 
  unless the police can prevent them in afraid another attack will happen . 
  my only fear is he 's going to exchange the baltic states for peace and let putin do whatever he wants . 
  especially after the us election . 
  now i think people will think twice before they vote for change . 
  so much tolerance from the far right there . 
  she was respected from both sides of the aisle and was liked by all . 
  if you 're not going to say what you 're going to say do n't comment because it 's disrespectful . 
  he 's to much of a coward to . 
  he never should 've commented to begin with and ca n't accept the fact she was murdered by a member of the far right . 
  yeah they 're really no viable alternatives . 
  she has flaws but is a great leader for germany and europe . 
  yeah i 'm irish and i agree . 
  we have to deal with the catholic church and its influence . 
  religion did . 
  when you have someone like erdogan in charge religion gets involved with politics . 
  trust me we deal with that nonsense here in ireland though not to the same extent as turkey . 
  uh what ? 
  i 'm assuming most of them would immigrate to israel like many in france and other european countries have . 
  it 's sad they ca n't practice their religion in peace . 
  it 's nice to see where the government has its priorities . 
  he 's so not telling the truth at all . 
  i 'd assume they 'd just slut shame like the ones who support this bill . 
  very sad to even see this bill get proposed . 
  and ireland . 
  things are pretty normal here while we 're watching america and the u.k. self destruct . 
  and edgy teenagers . 
  it 's the same thing with pro erdogan turks who live in germany and elsewhere . 
  if you love putin and erdogan so much love under his rule . 
  and yet they try and lecture others on human rights . 
  i 'd love to see bush and cheney charged with war crimes . 
  they 're not in the kyoto protocol as well . 
  no it 's the new dacia duster . 
  i 've been there and it 's one of the most beautiful places i 've ever been to . 
  i highly recommend it . 
  and our politicians have become incompetent when it comes to things like the economy , immigration and rising inequality . 
  i 've said it before the left needs to figure these problems out before the alt right gains more power . 
  so what does this mean for moldova ? 
  at least you 're not ireland . 
  how many years has assange been in the ecuadorian embassy now ? 
  i 'll be surprised if he ever limeades without protection from the u.k. government . 
  britain supplying terrorist regimes and terrorists more at ten . 
  do stupid things win stupid prizes . 
  should 've been closed down by the authorities . 
  and we need to stop saudi funding of european mosques . 
  saudi arabia is the root of sunni extremism in the mid east and europe . 
  you have to be really heartless to murder an old priest in a church . 
  those turks that do n't wan na live in a islamist dictatorship are moving out which sadly only leaves the islamists in charge . 
  agreed . 
  i always buy local . 
  at least you have them . 
  how do you survive 18 months without pay to begin with ? 
  the quickest way to piss off someone who 's irish is to say ireland is apart of the u.k. 
  how has time been `` fake for decades '' ? 
  no we do n't . 
  it was devastated during ww2 . 
  an estimated 12.5 per cent of latvia 's population were killed during the second world war , the highest percentage of any european nation bar poland and lithuania . 
  as many as 190,000 were subsequently imprisoned in soviet gulags between 1945 and 1952 . 
  they share our love of potatoes . 
  she deserves what 's coming . 
  she 's only sorry now because isis is defeated in iraq and she got caught . 
  we do n't need her . 
  do n't forget that turkey is also opposed to an independent kurdistan and would n't be happy with a kurdish nation on their border . 
  these religious fundamentalists need to lighten up and have some fun . 
  as an irishman i 'd probably die from that heat . 
  i 'd take our cool and rainy weather over that any day of the week . 
  what do you think it 's going to be like once free movement ends ? 
  you guys voted for this . 
  yeah the us funds and arms saudi arabia which spreads terksim around the globe and the us is mad at us for keeping a nuclear deal with iran that 's working . 
  iran would n't be a problem to begin with if they did n't overthrow iran 's democracy to install the shaw . 
  it 's amazing that theresa may and the brexiters are willing to risk the economic and political stability of northern ireland for their own political gain . 
  was n't it those in the rural areas that voted for brexit ? 
  i do n't feel sorry for them . 
  he also believes the earth is 6,000 years old and that climate change is n't real . 
  he 's a nut job . 
  not to mention how little they get in return compared to the scandinavian countries as well . 
  yeah we already have enough problems as it is and i 'm not in favour of an islamist dictatorship that does n't share our european values into the eu . 
  plus turkey borders syria and they do n't control that border so it would be a security issue as well . 
  this works both ways . 
  ah saudi arabia such a wonderful ally . 
  there is zero benefit from us leaving the eu . 
  1.7 % growth is really impressive . 
  that and russia has n't done anything to consider removing the sanctions . 
  they 're still occupying crimea and destabilizing eastern ukraine .
