  russia has n't changed its ways and innocent people are still getting killed . 
  the sanctions must remain in place of not increased . 
  well done vw !, 
  i 've got a scirocco and it 's a great car . 
  yeah good payback attacking a polish person and even if he was russian he should n't have been pushed . 
  attacking innocent people for the actions of others is wrong . 
  i 'm sure turkey would love to have them ... in jail . 
  and he wo n't . 
  erdogan has already said he wo n't remove his troops from the island . 
  exactly . 
  she 's playing the victim card for votes . 
  she 's not a leader so why would they let her in anyway ? 
  between this and the us election has shown we have to become more independent . 
  we ca n't rely on the us or the u.k. anymore . 
  the united kingdom is one of our top exporters so we will be greatly affected by brexit so the best we can do is become more buisness friendly and attract british businesses here . 
  he got a job on fox news so he 'll just blame the left anyway . 
  i 'm irish so we have a tradition of being fed up with them . 
  well turkey looks like it 's turning into a theocracy which will be horrible of women 's rights so they do n't have much left to lose . 
  erdogan is power hungry . 
  what a tragic story . 
  italy ca n't catch a break with theee earthquakes . 
  it 's nice to see some positive news from this . 
  she has to please her russian funders first . 
  i seriously do n't understand the far right 's obsession with russia . 
  she has to please her russian masters aka putin . 
  crimea was ukrainian just a few years ago !, 
  it means free movement is over so i 'm assuming they 'll have to apply for visas and the penisoners and others may be used as a bargaining chip . 
  and last more than 5 years without breaking down . 
  and also make the economy it 's top priority . 
  i think the main reason there is anxiety and anti eu sentiment is the fact the economic recovery is slow and is n't working for a lot people . 
  only in russia would you need to protest to demand the right to protest . 
  how about you stop invading countries and respect basic international law then you 'll gain respect . 
  it seems to be working well for ireland . 
  putin bots at work . 
  also smog and air pollution . 
  coal is dirty and pollutes the air . 
  look at beijing as an example of that . 
  considering nuclear energy emits very little co2 and air pollution it is better than coal fires powered plants . 
  one of my favourite countries . 
  krak\u00f3w is one of my favourite cities in the world . 
  i 'm really jealous . 
  that looks amazing . 
  says the country that invaded crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  a victory for common sense . 
  so how about making public transportation more practical and affordable so it 's easier to use it than to drive a car which clogs the roads and produces more smog . 
  it 's an investment in the future . 
  it 's a sad day when the us is more concerned about our consumers rights than our own politicians . 
  that 's my biggest fear . 
  hopefully it 'll stay as it is since there is pretty much no border at all and it 's peaceful . 
  i do n't wan na go back to how it was before . 
  i remember when mitt romney 's binders full of women comment cost him the presidency . 
  good times . 
  rolls royce is also part german now as well . 
  well we are in the eu and have the euro has our currency so it 's common sense we stay with brussels . 
  10c and cloudy here in galway . 
  it could be worse so i 'm not complaining . 
  the u.k. 
  always fall in line with the us in the end anyway no matter who 's in charge . 
  agreed . 
  the war for the most part is n't in headlines anymore but it 's still going on displacing ukrainians . 
  russia should be punished for this . 
  yeah considering all the bad news that 's been happening in turkey this was nice to watch . 
  what a sad world we live in when fox news is considered reasonable . 
  i 'd like to see how any of the far right parties would do without russia funding them since it 's known putin funds most of them . 
  and to be fair most of the people complaining about the subject are americans and non europeans who think germany and the eu are in the verge of collapse because of the media . 
  also the collapse in the price of oil is the main reason the russian economy has collapsed . 
  trump nominated mike pence as vp who 's as conservative evangelical as you can get who will influence policy the same way dick cheney did with bush . 
  trump was the centre of the birther movement against obama by asking him for his birth certificate because he 's kenyan and saying he is the literal founder of isis how is that not racist ? 
  if obama was wife his birth certificate would n't even be an issue . 
  and how is falling all mexicans rapists and all muslims terrorists not racist ? 
  america actually does a much better job of integrating muslims then europe does and most muslim americans are successful there . 
  is there anything positive to say about him ? 
  he 's the worst us presidential candidate in american history and has said so many ridiculous things i can make a huge list on what he 's said . 
  he won because he made the media the enemy by calling out journalists specifically over what they wrote and saying cnn , cbs etc are `` fake news '' hence why fox news and breitbart have become popular alternatives even though fox has lied multiple times about stories to get talking points across and breitbart is just a conspiracy site . 
  trump won because of the electoral college . 
  hillary won the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes and still lost . 
  it 's the way the us elects its leaders is why trump won . 
  happy new year from ireland . 
  may it be better than 2016 . 
  night clubs are a soft target sadly . 
  look at what happened in orlando . 
  reports are saying it was possibly isis which probably means it was pre planned considering the paris and brussels attacks . 
  so they did n't close the school ? 
  i do n't even know who to believe anymore . 
  they really are becoming a authoritarian regime considering their surveillance laws . 
  it 's scary watching what 's happening over there . 
  / r/russiadenies maybe a better sub . 
  it 's more accurate anyway . 
  i do n't see how facebook can keep track of every single fake news story . 
  there 's a lot of fake stories people share . 
  they 've been saying europe is more violent than the us because of the migrant crisis . 
  obviously the whole situation has been handled badly but even still the average american city is far more violent than a european one . 
  it 's funny when i see comments online of them saying europe is no longer safe to go to . 
  and yet some wonder why eastern european and baltic countries are afraid of russian aggression . 
  everyone should read up on the human rights violations of the ussr . 
  or are to young to know what it 's done . 
  the main reason eastern europe isnt as wealthy as western europe is because of the failed communist central planning policies of the ussr . 
  capitalism is n't perfect but communism is much worse and not the answer . 
  he was only 53 . 
  he still had so much life to live .
