  if we do n't solve the problems of war/famine soon their countries are going to become unhosipatable and they 'll migrate to europe . 
  he should be open to investigating pedophile priests while he 's at it . 
  or shoots himself in the back . 
  look at all of the nationalists tears !, 
  next headline russian lawyer poisoned . 
  username checks out . 
  there 's nothing to be proud of oppression and human rights violations . 
  that 's like the germans being proud of the nazis . 
  i 'd be surprised if anyone is held responsible for this . 
  the new volvo 's are really nice . 
  the new s90 and xc90 are really good looking . 
  as soon as i saw `` the times '' i knew not to take it seriously since it 's owned but murdoch . 
  the same guy that owns fox news . 
  yay let 's make europe like 1984 !, 
  as an atheist who supports freedom of religion we should n't be banning any religious books . 
  i find it funny that so many turks who live abroad support erdogan . 
  if turkey is so great under his rule why do n't they live in turkey then ? 
  it 's nice to see where russia has its priorities . 
  or live in turkey if they love erdogan so much . 
  and praising russia . 
  she loves putin and russia . 
  let 's hope so though after 2016 i 'll wait and see . 
  we 've got enough of them in my country . 
  trust me they 'll fight this . 
  nobody is questioning that this was about eu nationals who where already in the u.k. 
  legally being allowed to stay . 
  exactly . 
  eu nationals are in the u.k. legally and should n't be used as political pawns . 
  this is what really matters . 
  i expect le pen to do well in the first round but she 'll be crushed in the 2nd round by macron or fillion . 
  exactly . 
  he 's in one of the best prisons in the world and is lucky he is n't in an american prison or something even worse than that . 
  he should be greatful . 
  they got what they wanted so there is really no need for them anymore . 
  and besides the conservatives seem to be doing enough damage as it is so ukip is n't needed . 
  she 's more interested in russia 's national interests . 
  it 's not like you ever listened to them anyway or followed international law to begin with . 
  it 's great to see that countries still want to join the eu . 
  serbia would be a great addition . 
  good riddance !, 
  europe has suffered enough from right wing populism . 
  crooked le pen !, 
  it 's per capita so yeah it does work that way . 
  the simple fact is american cities are far more violent than european ones . 
  we need more mexican restaurants in europe !, 
  the mexican food in los angeles was delicious . 
  that 's what climate change is for . 
  that 's not really good for china considering china has around 1.3 billion people compared to 80 million in germany . 
  nice like nigel farage le pen seems to hate the eu but does n't mind taking the eu 's money . 
  it 's almost like guantanamo bay does more harm than good . 
  agreed . 
  all we 've had it seems is negative eu news so it 's nice to see the economy recovering faster than it was . 
  between this , le pen and trump is there a far right party that does n't like putin ? 
  it 's seems all of them have either praised putin or have visited him . 
  although le pen does n't even bother hide it . 
  not all heroes wear capes . 
  i was about to say the same thing . 
  this whole is a setup to make her look `` brave '' but her supporters will eat this up . 
  / r/russiadenies . 
  we never said it was n't a problem but americans think europe is on the verge of collapse from migration . 
  it 's funny because the average american city is far more violent than a european one . 
  as much as i dislike trump we should not be taking political advice from tony blair . 
  and make germany pay for it !, 
  how can trump give anyone confidence ? 
  have you seen how he speaks ? 
  they also want crimea because russia needs a warm water port . 
  / r/russiadenies . 
  i 'll remain neutral on the subject . 
  have you seen the donald lately ? 
  i do n't understand how a rational human being can take that sub seriously . 
  le pen will make it past the first round but i doubt she 'll do better than that . 
  it looks like macron is going to win but anything can happen . 
  i think op is dead . 
  it 's foreign funded mosques that should be a concern . 
  as you said mosques are fine but mosques funded by saudi arabia should be investigated . 
  mainly le pen . 
  her connections with russia and putin are sketchy . 
  old people . 
  exactly . 
  it 's ukraine and calling it the donetsk people 's republic only legitimizes them . 
  if it 's one thing that can unite the world it 's space travel . 
  this is something everyone should be working on together . 
  alternative facts . 
  good . 
  how can a grown man compare the eu to the soviet union ? 
  as i 've said trump is a threat to the eu and his ambassador parents co represents that . 
  wrong !, 
  i wonder how many allies the us will have left after trump ? 
  i 'm surprised the eu even has to ask . 
  libya is a failed state that has no control of its borders or waters . 
  the russian soldiers are on holiday remember ? 
  and you think the rise in far right nationalism and russia are n't threats ? 
  donald tusk is right on this . 
  i 'm glad he 's calling it like it is . 
  donald trump is no ally to the eu . 
  he 's a threat and should be considered as one . 
  exactly and this is why we must unite as eu member states and confront these threats . 
  trump is not a fan of the eu and the us is no longer an ally ( at least the white house is n't ) . 
  we ca n't depend on the us anymore . 
  exactly .
