  the funny thing is i 'm betting he 's serious . 
  yeah that sounds a lot worse than jail . 
  i would 've said good pr but this is a better reason . 
  it 's the same reason china has infrastructure projects in africa . 
  it 's purely business . 
  yes europe is on the verge of collapse thanks to the eu / s. 
  you should travel more then you 'd realize how great it is to live in an eu country . 
  how about you show some respect . 
  you may not like their politics but they 're human beings . 
  awesome . 
  now these are the stories i like seeing . 
  maybe because he was a kid with mental heath problems or ptsd escaping war and poverty and those problems were n't getting taken care of . 
  have some sympathy and compassion . 
  you 're filled with hate . 
  / r/russiadenies . 
  well the brits are definitely good at the conquering part . 
  i 'm confused as to why they are still going to be in the centre of things . 
  all we 've heard from them is how horrible the eu and the eu parliament is and yet they wan na have a central role . 
  sounds like they wan na get in the way and obstruct to me . 
  yeah a lot of kids are already having sex at that age anyway so i support this . 
  plus the man wo n't be labeled as a pedophile for having consensual sex since the woman wo n't be underage . 
  16 is a good age for consent . 
  yes but you have brexit leaders like boris johnson and others who think they can have access to the single market without free movement and you have all the leave voters who think that as well . 
  i agree with hollande because you ca n't pick and choose which laws to follow . 
  i 'm a leftist and i agree schools should remain secular . 
  obviously religion should be taught but religion should have no influence in the curriculum . 
  and as you said i 'd doubt she 'd do the same to crucifix 's . 
  that does n't surprise me . 
  i 've looked up what mike pence has done to the us state of indiana and it 's pretty shocking . 
  is n't that unconstitutional ? 
  i thought the us supreme court legalized gay marriage across all 50 states ? 
  what a lovely bunch of people . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i said all media is biased but you saying rt is somehow neutral is ludicrous because that 's far from the case . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  rt is a pro russia mouthpiece with an agenda that the russian government decides . 
  if you think they 're neutral you 're naive . 
  all media is biased by rt is in a case all on its own . 
  the putin bots are out in full force deflecting the crimes that putin has committed and blaming the us . 
  i 'm not saying the us is perfect because they are not but this is about putin and his action in syria and ukraine . 
  that alone should 've been enough . 
  and do n't forget about the russian backed rebels shooting down the malaysian airlines plane . 
  i fully support more sanctions until putin stops committing war crimes . 
  well to be fair not a lot of people speak it fluently anymore and we speak english so i do n't blame them for that . 
  good news . 
  this practice does n't belong in europe . 
  and fyi ireland is n't in nato because we have a neutral status . 
  i 'm guessing the past hundred years of history tells us why . 
  why is ireland separated ? 
  i would 've guessed most europeans knew about this by now . 
  russia was the one who invaded crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  russia was the one who violates european airspace . 
  i do n't blame poland for not wanting to deal with russia after these events and finding alternative solutions . 
  it has nothing to with nationalism . 
  i 'm as pro eu as it comes it 's to avoid russian aggression which has become a serious problem the past few years . 
  i support this 100 % . 
  the a380 is an amazing aircraft to fly on . 
  i 'm on the only road i 'll ever know !, 
  the pound has become the ounce . 
  but seriously how much is the pound going to fall before the uk government takes action ? 
  i 'm surprised sturgeon is going ahead with this so soon . 
  i support scottish independence but i 'm surprised she 's actually going through with it . 
  plus i think this has a much better chance of passing this time . 
  especially in southern countries like spain , italy and greece . 
  good . 
  austerity is a terrible practice that only hurts the middle class and poor and does nothing to solve the problem of gdp growth . 
  why does the uk even care ? 
  they should be leaving next march so why are they getting in the way of montenegro from opening eu chapters . 
  it wo n't affect them . 
  this story does n't go along with the anti refugee / anti islam agenda . 
  yeah the xenophobia in this subreddit has gotten out of hand . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't a problem but a majority of the refugees just want a safe place to live . 
  they syrians capturing the terrorist in germany proves that . 
  agreed . 
  it shows that there are legitimate refugees who just want to live in a safe country and a normal life . 
  exactly . 
  the french and germans are working together and even the irish and british are working and trading with each other . 
  the european union is a great of multiculturalism at work . 
  so what your are saying is boris johnson and nigel farage were lying ? 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  shocked i tell you / s. 
  the whole european union for example ? 
  you have irish , french , german dutch and many more cultures all living and working together in one another 's country 's peacefully and there are n't any major issues . 
  multiculturalism can work if both cultures want to integrate . 
  i am a huge manchester united fan and i wonder how the decisions was even made . 
  despite the corruption , slavery and working conditions its over 45c in the summer . 
  it makes no sense . 
  or big banks in general . 
  exactly . 
  just because the us has done bad things does n't mean russia has n't either . 
  at least the us right now is n't bombing civilian areas , hospitals and children 's indiscriminately . 
  it 's pretty much turned into a proxy war at this point . 
  as much as i hate them unless they do n't do anything they should n't be arrested . 
  you ca n't just arrest all syrian refugees because a few of them have committed terrorist attacks . 
  arresting all of them would n't make us any better than them . 
  stay safe turks . 
  thinking of you from ireland . 
  to be fair i 'm in the pub when it 's nice out to . 
  and windy . 
  you got ta love it when you can barely hold your umbrella .
