after what happened in crimea and ukriane you ca n't really blame eastern european countries for wanting more troops . 
  especially when it comes to food . 
  because we are the best that 's why . 
  yes !!, 
  ireland is the best !, 
  we 're number 1 !, 
  the us is a lot better than europe when it comes to security and preventing attacks and national security than the european union is . 
  very cool . 
  i kinda want to go on holiday in slovenia . 
  looks really beautiful . 
  pretty sure putin has already done a good job of getting rid of democracy in russia . 
  exactly . 
  eastern europe has every right to be worried about putin . 
  he annexed crimea and destabilized eastern ukraine . 
  every eastern european country should be worried by that . 
  and let 's not forget all the times russia has violated eu airspace including my own country 's airspace . 
  where is this white privilege and where can i get some ? 
  the united kingdom is one of the most powerful country 's and economies in the world so of course them leaving the eu would have global consequences . 
  whatever the uk votes for is up to them but they do have to realize that their decision will affect more than just them . 
  thank god . 
  i prefer czech republic . 
  czechia just sounds weird to me . 
  i 'd imagine the pm is going to be forced to resign . 
  there is no way he can survive this . 
  it 's a shame to because iceland actually went after the bankers that caused the financial crisis . 
  i wonder if this is the whole story . 
  something tells me this is only the beginning and when a proper investigation begins i think more high ranking politicans are involved in this . 
  got ta give credit to the guardian and bbc for this . 
  this is a huge scandal . 
  it 's amazing is n't it . 
  if i was escaping religious persecution and poverty i would love to live in eastern europe or any safe country for that matter . 
  talk about being ungrateful . 
  i 'm pretty sure eastern europe is so much better than iraq at the moment . 
  sadly another attack may happen . 
  i fear that security and intelligence forces simply ca n't handle all the suspects and potential terrorists . 
  plus there is an issue with intelligence sharing that needs to be addressed as well . 
  your username is hilarious btw . 
  is there a russian minority in malta that needs to be protected ? 
  me to rotterdam is awesome . 
  only except it 's saudi arabia that is sponsoring terroism . 
  they 're also imposing a famine on the people of yemen while bombing then and treating women as second class citizens . 
  happy independence day poland !, 
  as an irishman thank you for the premier league , manchester united , all the classic and modern rock bands i listen to , top gear , sherlock , luther , all the other tv shows i watch and the beautiful country and wonderful people i 've come to know after many times visiting . 
  i know our countries have a bad history and i do n't like your government but i 've got nothing but respect for the brits even though i may judge there decisions harshly . 
  hillary won the popular vote though . 
  i blame the electoral college for this one . 
  the polls say she could never be president and the polls could never be wrong / s. 
  like father like son . 
  sideways !, 
  thanks ollie . 
  i 'd imagine another putin like dictator would take over russia as in tradition . 
  meanwhile it 's 10c and raining in southern ireland . 
  looks beautiful though . 
  yup looks like i found my next ski holiday destination . 
  that 's because the us gives him foreign and military aid . 
  he ca n't be to critical of the us unlike europe . 
  that 's what scary about this situation is a good percentage of the population supports him . 
  same here . 
  i 'll support anything that involves space exploration and china has done a lot with that lately . 
  agreed . 
  we should really take advantage and take as much business from the u.k. . as possible . 
  ireland has a lot of potential with this situation . 
  do n't ship the tea to the us . 
  they 'll just dump it in the boston harbour again . 
  i 've been there and it 's a really beautiful place . 
  wroclaw itself is really cool along with the rest of poland . 
  not to mention a lot sick and disabled kids would put a huge strain on social services and schools since they would require extra attention . 
  but yeah that money is a joke . 
  these people should never leave jail . 
  i love how they are against this decision even though it was by a british court and it 's saying a british parliament must be involved in the decision making and yet its anti british pro eu for some reason . 
  same could be said about the anti eu russian trolls on reddit . 
  same reason why david cameron became pm pretty much . 
  i love how it 's just hatred against russians and not hatred in general . 
  and banning literature is ridiculous and goes against everything a modern country should do . 
  they only want democracy if it goes their way . 
  edit : grammar . 
  comments sections in general are usually terrible . 
  what 's up with turkey ? 
  one article i 'm reading about them shutting down newspapers and purging officials the next i 'm hearing about providing internet access to the poor and making solar farms . 
  really ? 
  we 're complaining about the border because the lack of border checks has helped trade and commerce and promote peace . 
  we 're complaining about britains government and it 's actions because they will affect us if they bring the border back . 
  and i find it ironic that a britian is saying we ca n't have it both way while they are with free movement and access to the single market . 
  and fyi northern ireland will be worse affected than us because it has a much smaller economy and is still dependent on the u.k. 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  child marriage does n't belong in europe period . 
  we should be spending the money on alternative fuels and green energy not on russian gas . 
  more russian involvement in the eu means less stability and less leverage we have when it comes to ukraine . 
  i was about to ask if they actually supported pkk or if this or are apart of erdogans crackdown on the media . 
  it 's a shame to see turkey go down this path . 
  i lost iq points reading that . 
  it 's crazy to think people actually believe that nonsense . 
  isis would claim the reason why my wifi was slow last night if they could . 
  man italy just ca n't catch a break . 
  thoughts from ireland . 
  look at me , look at me i 'm the prime minister now . 
  yeah i 'd imagine the salaries are n't that high because of the large supply of unemployed people but it 's still good news . 
  yeah that 's never going to happen . 
  we 're talking about the guy who shut down newspapers and news outlets.also he 's sacked thousands of judges , police and army officers and has been persecuting the kurds . 
  he does n't care about human rights at all .
