  we already have housing / economic issues here in ireland just like the uk and other eu countries are . 
  we ca n't accept every single migrant from the mid east and north africa . 
  it 's not possible . 
  how is hungary responsible for what happens in the mid east ? 
  they have every right to control who enters their country . 
  it was isis inspired if anything like the bataclan attack . 
  france sadly is still dealing with the same terrorist problems it 's been dealing with . 
  how do they expect to get a favorable eu deal from one of the main leave campaigners . 
  i hope the eu plays hardball with all of them . 
  i just love how she said being a mother somehow makes her more qualified for the job then complained about the abuse afterwards . 
  she was never qualified for the job . 
  not to mention the long list of human rights abuses and yet they feel the need to criticize others . 
  the we should withdraw aid from this countries until they take their own citizens back . 
  we should have the ability to control our own borders and who 's allowed in our own countries . 
  nope . 
  this is on you and your vote so you deal with the consequences . 
  you were given plenty of warnings what would happen and you ignored them so it 's on the uninformed voter not the politican . 
  the real question is when are politicans not lying . 
  i agree . 
  i 've always felt more european than irish and would love a united europe but while in very pro eu it is flawed and has many problems that need to be addressed first and not solving them will only lead to more countries wanting to leave . 
  it 's a fair deal and i do n't see why other countries are complaining . 
  you ca n't get one without the other . 
  fair is fair . 
  it was russia who annexed crimea and invaded eastern ukraine . 
  you do n't see nato invading russia now do you ? 
  the sanctions are justified . 
  it 's pretty entertaining to watch all of this from the side lines . 
  2016 has been a crazy year and it 's only july . 
  for now . 
  it 's nice to watch this drama from the sidelines . 
  the brits were warned this would happen but they voted leave anyway . 
  our politicans really need to take advantage of this . 
  ireland is in a huge position here to attract companies in the u.k. 
  since we 're the only major english speaking country left in the eurozone and we have a highly educated / qualified workforce with a pro business environment . 
  this is what i 'm afraid of . 
  i 'm very pro eu but if we do n't solve the migrant crisis and the other problems soon more countries may want to leave . 
  i do n't mind saving northern ireland and scotland but wales and england voted to leave so good riddance to them for causing this chaos . 
  they had a better deal than any of us so to hell with them but scotland and northern ireland are welcome to join the eu . 
  we 'd still come in 4th or 2nd . 
  there are a lot banks and industry that depend on the eu in london and at this point anything is possible . 
  there is even a chance of a united ireland now and independent scotland . 
  it 's pure madness . 
  pretty sure by then ireland will have most of the jobs that depended on free trade and movement with the eu you guys use to have since we 're the only majority english speaking country left . 
  plus i would never want to give up free movement and the euro . 
  why would we want to join the sinking ship and leave the eu . 
  i 'm actually happy with the eu despite its problems and would hate to leave . 
  that 's the main reason . 
  all voting areas in scotland voted to stay in the eu so when they vote to leave they 'll join the eu . 
  same for northern ireland . 
  the irony in that is hilarious . 
  down 12 % so far . 
  thank god for euros . 
  i do n't see why they would n't . 
  they voted remain so i would suspect they would have another referendum . 
  i 'd imagine they 'd be fine . 
  not sure about everyone else though . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  that was really funny . 
  the pound has dropped over 11 % against the dollar . 
  and the referendum is n't even over yet . 
  leave is now up by more than 4 % . 
  it actually looks like this is going to happen . 
  i did not see this coming . 
  it 's heading that way amazingly . 
  i just ca n't imagine a world with the u.k. not in the eu . 
  leave has just shot up in votes . 
  i 'm just amazed by all this . 
  leave is now gaining . 
  i ca n't believe what is going on . 
  it 's going to come down to the very last vote . 
  i did not expect it to be so close . 
  and then they thing their families from overseas . 
  leave up by 0.2 % . 
  it 's so damn close . 
  why would the brits or anyone in western europe want to live in america where they do n't have free heathcare and would have to deal with trump ? 
  london and scotland is the answer for that . 
  i 'm amazed by that . 
  i do n't think london can save remain now . 
  i took the day off . 
  it 's very late now and i plan on staying up till the final count . 
  wales is leaning towards leave . 
  i did not see that coming . 
  i did not expect leave to be doing so well . 
  i wo n't be able to sleep until the final result . 
  i 'm worried about the economic impact on ireland more than anything if the uk leaves . 
  a lot of trade and buisness occurs between us . 
  well this is the same america that has clinton and trump as their main presidential candidates so i do n't think they know much about european politics . 
  between this and the terrorist threat you have to give credit to the french police . 
  could only imagine the amount of pressure they must be facing . 
  that 's me most nights . 
  tomorrow is going to be tense . 
  i seriously worry about the economic fallout on this . 
  either way the problems the eu faces need to be fixed soon or else more countries will want to leave . 
  as if russia has listened to nato before . 
  i 'm not a fan of russian aggression but russia wo n't just listen to nato 's advice . 
  money talks sadly . 
  fifa has ruined the sport i love and unless the country changes i wo n't watch the world cup . 
  i could n't live there no matter how much money they offered me knowing how they treat the labourers and minorities . 
  exactly . 
  they want to terrorize you and change how you live .
