  because the uk is still a european country . 
  switzerland is n't in the eu and they are still considered a european country . 
  do n't forget a good waterproof jacket . 
  it will be cold and raining . 
  yeah i agree with you . 
  i supported remain but not allowing people to vote on a important subject would be undemocratic . 
  the english have no problem insulting the eu , irish , scottish and everyone 's else but when you insult them they get all salty and defensive . 
  funny how that works . 
  i never said it was n't a tragic situation but i 'm saying it 's a much better situation than 1800 's ireland . 
  it 's not a famine and nothing 's similar . 
  you still have services like hospitals , public transportation and a functioning economy despite all of its problems . 
  ireland during the occupation had no economy other than farming and ireland had to send all of its crops to britian anyway . 
  greece is nothing 1800 's ireland . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  you did n't have your people nearly starved to death and wiped out . 
  as bad as things are now they are nothing compared to the famine or what ireland was like during the occupation . 
  what ? 
  the french economy is worse off now than it was in 2008 , the security situation is worse before he took office with all the terrorist attacks and the illegal immigration situation in calais and the rest of france is awful . 
  i 'm a leftist but hollande has been horrible in france and because of him the socialists do n't stand a chance . 
  exactly . 
  western countries need these immigrants for the hard underpaid work . 
  do n't forget about the 0 contracts and exploitation from employers . 
  as an irishman thank you . 
  our country has equally bad abortion laws so it 's nice to see the poles fighting this . 
  it was a robbery that involved robbers dressing up as policemen and they robbers a celebrity millions of dollars worth of jewelry so yeah i think it 's important . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't like them but that also does n't mean they deserved to be robbed at gunpoint . 
  i hope kim and kanye are doing well . 
  sounds like a normal irish summer to me . 
  so can someone explain to me what happens now ? 
  i 've been following spanish politics and it 's just a mess to me . 
  the us and u.k. would never let this go anywhere . 
  they have protected saudi and the gulf countries for decades despite there horrible human rights records . 
  oil and arms sales . 
  also the saudi monarchy is sadly moderate in that country . 
  if the monarchy collapsed it would leave a vacuum like in iraq when sadden fell . 
  ah whataboutism from the putin trolls are in full force . 
  and most of here would support that but this did n't about saudi arabia it 's about russia and it 's war crimes . 
  it 's ironic to considering how women are treated in saudi arabia as well . 
  ca n't wait for the day we bo longer need oil . 
  it 's working because i kinda wan na go to mexico now . 
  i 'm against this . 
  they are just taking advantage of our passport and nothing else . 
  they have no intention of living in ireland and becoming apart of irish society . 
  the law needs to be changed to prevent this . 
  exactly . 
  they have no intention of actually living in ireland but using our access to the single market and schengen zone . 
  we need to change the law so these brits ca n't get our passport unless they become an actual citizen . 
  was n't that the whole point of brexit so britain can survive on its own without help from the eu ? 
  if they do n't need the single market they can leave . 
  have you read russian history ? 
  i 'm betting when putin is done they will be another oppressive dictator . 
  nothing will be done sadly . 
  putin would never admit to being responsible for this like has with everything else . 
  and yet thousands of these kind of people will come . 
  they have no future in europe other than to leech off welfare while i work hard and pay taxes . 
  not to mention their values are n't european either . 
  we should n't be excepting these people . 
  i agree with you on that as well but we 're not taking about that . 
  i 'm not american and wo n't be defending america . 
  it 's amazing how russian backed rebels shot down a civilian airliner and russia virtually got away with it . 
  and yet the right wing will still love putin after all the horrible things russia has done . 
  last time i checked the euro is more valuable than the pound and the schegen is working fine . 
  the uk was given far more control over its own border and laws than any other country but somehow that still was n't enough for you . 
  so enjoy having may and johnson as your leader and do n't expect us to feel bad for you . 
  i agree with this . 
  children are innocent in this bad situation and keeping them from school and learning is n't a good decision . 
  although i did read that the concern is about vaccination which is a legit concern . 
  that 's a legit concern . 
  can they be forced to be vaccinated if they go to school ? 
  i 'm not sure how greek law is with this . 
  according to / r/worldnews we already look like that . 
  brexit and immigration has taken over the political talk here in europe . 
  although that may change if you vote for trump . 
  and neo nazis 's . 
  i do n't mind having right leaning opposition parties but when you have nazis in the government that were democratically elected it 's a problem . 
  you forgot this / s because i hope you 're joking . 
  trump giving in to putin 's demands will only destabilize the region and legitimize putin as a leader which he is not . 
  he 's a dictator and the far rights obsession with him is beyond me . 
  because ireland is an eu member state and a us ally and russia cosniders both threats even though they 're the threat . 
  he puts his self interests first not russia or the russian people . 
  the putin bots are out in full force in this thread . 
  i 'm irish and they did last year . 
  america never said they were sending troops . 
  they 're sending weapons so ukraine can defend itself . 
  i 'm against war and i 've been against most of america 's wars but russia is being a bully and is a threat to eastern europe and you ca n't just have your head in the sand on this . 
  sanctions are n't enough . 
  russia is a threat . 
  they invaded my country 's airspace and we 've been neutral for a very long time . 
  i could only imagine how poland and other eastern european countries feel right now . 
  how is the us the one inciting war ? 
  it 's russia who invaded eastern ukraine first and annexed crimea . 
  i actually agree with the us on this because ukraine is a sovereign state that needs to be defended from russia . 
  can you blame them . 
  this is what happens when religious fundamentalists take over a country 's government . 
  budapest would be awesome . 
  it 's a beautiful city with a rich history . 
  and that makes it better ? 
  i 've been to london a lot and this is the first time i 've been aware of no go zones . 
  i 've never felt in danger when i 've been in london or manchester since those are the two cities in england i usually visit .
