  rip . 
  you know it 's bad when the government is going after vpn 's . 
  which is funny because rt is based out of the kremlin and is even more biased but only towards a russian and putin . 
  good job u.k. !, 
  because the us does n't have enough problems of its own apparently . 
  / r/russiadenies . 
  exactly . 
  if there is n't enough evidence to hold him he has to be released . 
  we still have rights and laws to uphold . 
  talk about an awkward situation for the police . 
  and let 's not forget the malaysian airlines planes the russian backed rebels shot down . 
  he was a member of the elite police unit in turkey so he had some experience . 
  luckily the death toll does n't seem to be as high as nice but it seems to be a copycat . 
  the eu is far from perfect but it 's better than not having it at all . 
  send some fish and chips from whitby and we 're cool . 
  i love lidl . 
  very good value for the money along with aldi . 
  i 'd assume it 's a drone . 
  we had them over here for 700 years . 
  hopefully it 'll stay that way . 
  le pen would be dangerous for france and all of europe . 
  permanent police state that is . 
  let 's just hope we can capture them before they commit terrorist attacks . 
  good job to the u.k. 
  authorities . 
  that 's a normal summer day in ireland . 
  as long as russia is occupying crimea we need more wide scale economic sanctions . 
  what russia is doing is unacceptable and it puts the defense of nato baltic countries at risk . 
  oh and they 're destabilizing eastern ukraine with their rebels as well . 
  and they 've seen the results of the brexit vote and the american elections and decided to not follow down that road with them . 
  and do n't mention the very long list of human rights abuses . 
  the ussr is the reason eastern europe is so far behind economically than western europe . 
  and allowing isis fighters to cross the border from syria for years . 
  nice so discourage the best and brightest from studying in your country . 
  i 'm sure the us and other countries would love to have them . 
  so what happens now ? 
  it seems turkey ca n't catch a break . 
  do they know if it 's pkk or isis ? 
  i 'm glad the staidum was empty becasue there could 've been many casualties . 
  not enough as it should be . 
  the cost of living especially in dublin is still expensive and there 's a homeless problem as well . 
  it 's weird to think we 're one of the richest countries in the world . 
  i 'm doing great financially but i know people who are n't and some who 've moved to the u.k. and other countries for work . 
  americans are way to outgoing to be as introverted as finland is . 
  complete strangers started a conversation with me over my accent alone many times during my holidays to america so i doubt it . 
  especially after they screwed you over during austerity . 
  the eu did not handle this refugee crisis well at all . 
  i would 've said stolen but that works to . 
  it 's all a conspiracy/s . 
  it 's run from the kremlin !, 
  unlike fox which is a private company it ' spreads false propaganda that 's pro russia and helps the far right . 
  i do n't agree with fox news but they 're not like rt. 
  with the rise of le pen they 're going to spread propaganda that 'll help her the same way breitbart did for trump . 
  all rt is a kremlin propaganda channel and should be treated as such . 
  that 's because they do n't want integration do work . 
  they either want segregation or for all foreigners to leave . 
  as a person who grew up catholic i agree . 
  he 's not perfect but i agree with him in things like climate change , economics , taking care of the poor and showing compassion to refugees . 
  yes . 
  all of us are bots except for you . 
  it 's funny because the referendum has nothing to do with the eu but i 'm guessing facts do n't matter to these people . 
  it would n't take much for italian banks to collapse anyway . 
  i agree . 
  we 've underestimated the power the far right has and we need to get our act together . 
  he made the same mistake as david cameron did with brexit . 
  thank you austria from ireland . 
  trump did his part as well . 
  thank you austria !, 
  hopefully the 2016 madness has ended . 
  at least one good thing happened this year . 
  a huge sigh of relief . 
  thank god . 
  after brexit and trump it 's nice to know austria still has common sense . 
  and let 's not forget turkey is the one occupying cyprus to begin with and violating international law . 
  i hope a peace deal is reached but i 'm not expecting it . 
  so russia was n't the one escalating the situation with its actions the last two years then ? 
  and invaded and annexed crimea but i 'm guessing the russian government wants us to magically forget that . 
  oh and their rebels shot down the malaysian airlines plane . 
  the incoming american government ? 
  johnson . 
  erdogan has a very scary plan to bring turkey back to the dark ages by purging hundreds of thousands of official . 
  johnson is just an idiot . 
  it really is great progress . 
  if only we can become more progressive when it comes to abortion and reproductive rights but legalizing cannabis would be a huge step forward for this country and we could use the tax money as well . 
  what about ours ? 
  yeah trust me we do n't . 
  i 'm assuming they 're hiding some transformers in there . 
  good . 
  most of us outside of the u.k. want you to leave because we 've had enough of your superiority complex . 
  how about you tell your leaders to stop asking for the single market if you do n't need it which clearly you do . 
  but did mongolia pay for the wall ? 
  literally . 
  and make the greeks pays for it !, 
  that 's what i 've been saying !, 
  the u.k. has gotten more special rules and conditions than the rest of us have so i do n't blame the eu for being annoyed by them . 
  it 's like a spoiled child who 's asked for to much candy . 
  i hope the eu does n't give in and plays hardball . 
  what have we do n't to have boris johnson and donald trump as top elected officials ? 
  god help us . 
  i agree .
