  exactly . 
  they always blame the west for everything and blame us for politically targeting them even though the evidence is quiet clear they ran a state sponsored doping lab . 
  yes nothing liking arming saudi arabia and other brutal islamist regimes that have killed thousands of innocent civilians . 
  but hey at least you have jobs / s. 
  and yet countries like iraq , syria , libya and yemen have collapsed with those weapons being used . 
  i agree . 
  schools should be secular then once a child turns 18 they can make up their own mind on what religion they want to follow or if they wan na be an atheist . 
  agreed . 
  it 's a great positive change . 
  there is 0 chance of membership with the current government . 
  the current government with erdogan is so far behind with human rights that turkey would n't meet all the requirements to join anyway . 
  exactly . 
  austerity does n't affect the rich it only affects the middle class and poor . 
  i 'm amazed something like this exists in the first place and yet i 'm not surprised it does . 
  how do you know the charges are n't legitimate ? 
  at this point it could go either way . 
  and i agree with you but this is about russia and europe not the mid east . 
  it 's russia who is antagonizing europe when it violates european airspace and again it annexed crimea and invaded eastern ukraine . 
  i welcome america into europe of it means putin will back down . 
  actually they do since america is the main contributor of nato and is the main reason russia has n't invaded more countries and acted more aggressively . 
  it 's russia who does n't belong in europe but that has n't stopped them from invading my countries airspace and airspace of other countries . 
  maybe russia should stop invading countries and acting like its the cold war so the us does n't have too . 
  the asylum should be denied so they can be sent back and they should change the law to do so . 
  we should n't have to keep rapists . 
  and yet baby boomers will still call millennials entitled . 
  yes it is . 
  we need to know what we are dealing with and what background the attacker came from . 
  oh uh your wages are still far below western europe 's and i 'm sure the growth wo n't last forever . 
  how did i do ? 
  still better than no growth at all . 
  it 's funny how they see russia as the good guy even though putin is a dictator who controls the media and has destroyed the op potion parties and any chance for russia to have a modern democracy , on top that he invaded crimea and eastern ukraine as well . 
  these kids need to read some history . 
  prison that 's where . 
  we need to get tough on these radical imans . 
  well that 's what happens when you experience multiple terrorist attacks . 
  better late than never i guess . 
  because those rebel groups will never betray us / s. 
  haha . 
  both are dictators of countries whose economies are in the toilet . 
  and putin is playing you . 
  ah i love how everything is always the west faults . 
  enjoy your dictatorship . 
  right . 
  they 're just causing trouble . 
  police in europe do n't kill people unlike american police so blm has nothing to do with them . 
  right . 
  i 'd expect better from the eu on this . 
  we ca n't even afford to house everyone here in ireland . 
  have you seen the housing / homeless problem in dublin ? 
  why should we house people in a war we were never involved in ? 
  i feel bad for them yes but we have enough problems already . 
  a house , money and a job . 
  they expected us to give them eveything they want even though europe is n't the rich paradise they expected . 
  they 're migrants not refugees if they prefer syria over greece . 
  got ta love political correctness . 
  it 's almost as if they 're not refugees but economic migrants . 
  refugees are the syrians in jordan , lebanon and turkey not trying to reach europe to get benefits . 
  it 's funny how they support a dictator without living under his rule while living in a democracy . 
  i love how the turk who supports erdogan is calling germany a facist state . 
  it 's almost as if rt is a pro putin news agency that has an agenda . 
  that 's why you go in the winter when there are n't as many tourists . 
  just bring an umbrella and you 'll be fine . 
  right . 
  i might go for a weekend holiday now . 
  and yet leaders in western europe wonder why eastern european countries do n't wan na accept migrants . 
  glad they caught him before he could commit the attack . 
  the us has to much invested in turkey to cut ties or make erdogan mad . 
  they could care less about democracy in the mid east if it goes against their interest . 
  look at how they fund militaries of egypt and saudi arabia and their human rights abuses and you 'll see my point . 
  you were given a far better deal than any of us and yet it still was n't a good idea for you !, 
  you already have your own currency , border checks and so on . 
  there is nothing less to gain . 
  it 's simple if you want access to the eu market you accept free move of people from eu countries . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  nigel farage lied to you . 
  you wo n't be getting a good deal . 
  and from what i 've seen a lot of buisness are wanting to relocate out of the u.k. to ireland and other eu countries . 
  yes we will be hurt by trade but hopefully we can attract jobs and buisness from you guys . 
  old people and baby boomers who are afraid immigrants are going to take their jobs . 
  right . 
  it is nothing to do with them and they are n't affected by it . 
  they are just causing trouble . 
  their nato memebership should be questioned as well . 
  they do not represent liberal western values anymore and we should not be dealing with them anymore . 
  right . 
  you ca n't just pick and chose which parts of the law to follow . 
  this is a clear violation of international law . 
  that 's what i was thinking too . 
  the army in egypt never gave up power and never held fair elections once they overthrew morsi . 
  hopefully turkey does n't follow the same path . 
  time to stock up on beer then . 
  and it 's only july . 
  it 's been a crazy year . 
  i did n't see that coming at all . 
  i did n't like erdogan but still this is crazy . 
  no i do n't and neither does hungary . 
  germany is responsible for giving an open invitation to everyone and poor countries like hungary ca n't house and feed thousands of poor migrants . 
  even rich european countries are struggling to do that like sweden , france and the u.k. 
  political correctness is why . 
  we know the answer to why terrorism keeps happening but we do n't wan na confront it and until we do more attacks will happen and more innocent people will die .
