i do n't see why this is so horrible . 
  i do n't think i have a right to move to a different country if they do n't want me there . 
  if a country wants to limit immigration , let them do it . 
   'cause i 'd bet we 'd find that violent crime is committed overwhelmingly by men , yet the intersection between people saying that men are dangerous and violent and those saying that immigrants are dangerous and violent is very small . 
  really ? 
  of course men are over represented there . 
  men are over represented with all violent crimes . 
  the problem , at least in germany is that many people have a negative view of german-turks . . especially young male turks . 
  i would go even further and say that many people are afraid of young male turks . 
  there 's this thug culture there and these storys about germans being beaten up , knife attacks and so on . 
  that is what forms the opinion then . 
  what erdogan or the turkey does , does n't matter anymore at this point . 
  overall rumania will profit or at least as a great opportunity with the eu as opposed to being left out . 
  rumania is not getting fucked over just because we want to keep our social system intact . 
  yeah it 's not like you do n't get a while bunch of financial aid for the next years to come . 
  i think not causing trouble , not being criminal and being financially independent are the most important aspects of integration . 
  so i would at least say that they are better integrated . 
  well i recently read that 80 % of russian think ukraine shot down that plane . 
  did n't putin take over one of the last neutral newspapers and is n't the media mostly state-controlled ? 
  at which point is brainwashed acceptable ? 
  i have never been to turkey but i hear it 's beautiful . 
  i do n't want turkey in the eu because the eu ca n't swallow such a huge member anytime soon given how unstable the eu is right now . 
  i also think that turkey has different needs than most of the other eu countries . 
  i think turkey in the eu would make decision making even harder . 
  as for turkish people , i only know them from berlin . 
  many are nice but i do have negative emotions espcially to young turks . 
  too many act in a violent , thuggish manner . 
   the integration issues in a good part of europe are not a cultural problem but a class one if that were true , then immigrants from similar economical but different cultural backgrounds should do the same , more or less . 
  but there are significant differences between immigrants from east asian and west asia / turkey . 
  bavaria can be a nice place . 
  many many people i know do n't see what russia did wrong . 
  crimea voted to be part of russia and the maidan-guys are partly neo-fascists . 
  and everything the us says is pretty much a lie anyways . 
  actually he wo n't . 
  he goes to prison . 
  i strongly doubt that . 
  they should have never send soldiers . 
  putin should have supported the pro-russian faction with money and behind-the-scenes power , nobody could have done anything about that . 
  then support an independent crimea , a few years later maybe add it to russia . 
  think about how things were before the protests started in ukraine and how they are now . 
  you think russia is in a better position ? 
  the nsa affair strained the relationship between europe and the us , russia came closer . 
  russia has lost a lot in reputation , especially in eastern europe . 
  the polish hate what russia is doing now for example . 
  that 's still an army that needs to be defeated first . 
  this would be an actual war ( if the ukranian army does n't defect ) . 
  and turkey is in a totally different situation from france and germany . 
  and even france and germany have often trouble finding an agreement . 
  think what would happen if super nationalistic turkey will join ... say goodbye to finding agreements at all . 
  i 'm sympathetic to the fdp is some aspects but i did n't vote for them anyways . 
  i really do n't know . 
  i recall that some people had a laptop and were watching an anime there . 
  we were a little loud but nothing unusual really . 
  still puzzles me . 
  we had an exchange with sweden and we were kicked out of a bar or something for smelling like alcohol . 
  hell yes , we were drunk but peaceful . 
  i think we were ratted out by some anime-punks or however you call them . 
  it was kind of bizarre . 
  it is pretty much a fact . 
  the whole trouble is that greece `` suddendly '' had huge debt . 
  how do you get that much debt ? 
  by borrowing a lot of money . 
  why did greece borrow so much money ? 
  because the cheap interest thanks to the euro allowed them to . 
  pooling budgets in a situation like today will just worsen it . 
  it 's like swallowing more pain-killers when you have a broken leg . 
  the pain will fade but the problem is still there . 
  of course some money is needed , just like you 'll get some painkillers but throwing more and more money at a broken system wo n't work . 
  and one point that is maybe controversial : i think it needs to hurt when a system is broken badly . 
  lot 's of people profit from the broken system in greece . 
  they wo n't move unless they are made to . 
  the basic idea of the eu , getting europe closer together to make wars a thing of the past and pooling economic and poltitical power , is still something i 'm very much behind . 
  but it was executed just so poorly that i 'm now against further integration or taking new members . 
  it 's like you can be in favor of building a bridge at the perfect place but demand the construction to stop because structual mistakes would make it collapse down the road . 
  i think your sarcasm was lost because in many other threads that was almost literally what many people wrote . 
  what should she do ? 
  do you think there 's anything reasonable for her to do that would make the us stop the spying ? 
  the us has a very bad track record when it comes to owning up to their mistakes towards foreign nations . 
  beyond that , the us is very aggressive in their foreign policy . 
  they use trade agreements , import duties and taxes pretty quickly to put pressure on countries that do n't do what they want . 
  if the eu as a whole would stand its ground , things would look differently but the recent months have shown that the eu is anything but a brotherhood right now . 
  the us would have no big troubles to play `` divide and destroy '' . 
  lol i 'm gon na make temselfs save to death, 
  sure but it 's just as much reality that it 's a matter of national security to stop the espionage as best as possible . 
  the uk holding hands ? 
  i really want to know how much of that is propaganda by entities with a lot of money at stake and how much is economic reality . 
  uh well maybe but is n't austerity sometimes just as consequence ? 
  if you do n't have any money and people wo n't lend you money , austerity is the consequence . 
  of course what he implies is that financially stable europe is supposed to lend / gift financially instable europe money ... but you often times get the impression with such articles that spending money always is choice . 
  a system that needs exponential growth to function is a broken system . 
  maybe it will suck for a few years when you make the switch , but it * has * to be done . 
  he did not say that all countries with high income inequality are doing badly , he said all countries that do badly have high income inequality , 
  i do n't agree with what my governments position on how to solve the problems of greece and spain etc , austerity . 
  but i do n't buy for a second that the euro / the eu or germany was the main cause for greeces failing economy . 
  let 's also not forget that even the option to get money or credit like greece is getting now is something that other countries only wish for . 
  without eu help , greece would be bankrupt a long time ago . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  i think it 's quite obvious that we want to enslave every single greek and spaniard ... 
  the major problem i see is that islam did n't have a reform like christianity did through luther . 
  islam seems to be either be muslim and follow the quran with all the bad stuff included or `` betray '' your identity and accept parts of western liberal culture .
