  and i do n't see that islam is anywhere near to a reform . 
  maybe it 's not even possible given that the quran is seens as the literal word of god whereas many christians see the bibal more open to interpretation . 
  i do n't see islam as a threat to my country ( germany ) given that the numbers are way too small . 
  but i do think that muslim immigrants are much harder to integrate given that reasons . 
  it 's a much bigger cultural barrier than between other immigrant groups . 
  if the numbers were a lot higher , maybe things would be different but i also think that there would be more immigrants leaving islam for a western livestyle than the other way around . 
  that is the theory but i strongly doubt that must immigrants to germany have decent qualifications . 
  you mean like in the 70s ? 
  i kind of like my culture and i do n't think it needs more immigrants to spice it up . 
  not to.mention that many immigrants come with cultural values that are much more harmful than positive . 
  nobody wants to be label as a right-wing supporter but many people support what they want . 
  all according to plan . 
   just let us do ... our thing . 
  now go away and let us build the waffen for this thing . . 
  is it to camouflage against the red eye of ~ ~ sauron ~ ~ putin ? 
  what is snowden doing there ? 
  integration only makes sense for things that are in common otherwise you will have tension and an imbalance one way or another . 
  it is like deciding a 100km/h speed limit while half the roads are within towns and the other half are autobahn . 
  the same set of rules does not make sense for vastly different conditions . 
  right now , there 's a too big cultural and economic difference between many regions of europe . 
  one can not forcefully fit them under one hat and one can not find a hat that fits them all . 
  maybe one could continue integration between germany , austria , denmark , belgium and the netherlands . 
  they are pretty similar in many things . 
  but the difference between austria and romania is too large to do the same . 
  because they are the only party in germany ( that can be voted on everywhere ) that has a clear , stern course for correcting the refugee policy of merkel . 
  every single other party ( except the csu in babavria ) supports merkel or wants to be even more liberal . 
  it 's 20 procent and 30 for children and young adults . 
  a very small part . . ? 
  if i look at any map of europe , the vast chunk of it is not part of europe : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa, 
  yeah but we also got billions via the marshal plan . 
  we could demand cuts that help the economy and not starve it ... 
  i agree with you but it 's too late . 
  the votes happened . 
  do you know want them to suffer to teach them a lesson ? 
  austerity will cause more damage than it will do good and i feel that the spanish , greek , portugese etc. 
  are now more than ever aware of how much their government fucked up . 
  besides , it 's just bad spirit . 
  eventually we will be in bad shape too and we will look to other for help without cutting off our foot ... 
   i guess so , but there are successful forms of capitalism , socialism on the other hand ... 
  pretty much every first world country has some social policies in place . 
  i call that successful . 
  there 's more to economics than the currency . 
  you can devalue all you want and still hardly make progress if you have a inefficient system in place . 
  that is true , but the point still stands . 
  smaller countries do have more `` veto-power '' per person than larger ones ... 
  or it 's simply just an empty threat and the rich and large companies wo n't in fact leave the country . 
  i mean , you * always * hear it when there 's talk about raising taxes . 
  mostly about not lower taxes either . 
  i feel , that if it were always right , all the rich and produktive would have left for a libertarian utopia . 
  of course there * is * a limit ( 200 % taxes for example ) but i 'm always a bit skeptical because somebody always warns that the rich will leave now regardless of circumstances . 
   taxation is largely build on the fact that both corporations and rich can easily move and dodge taxes if they want to , so it is better idea to tax them at a level where they do n't want to leave the country rich and large corporations always stress this but do n't mention that they also require decent infrastucture , social stability and decently educated workers which i believe requires taxes in the long run . 
  it does n't in the short run which is why you need to be careful . 
  and yet sweden as the often pointed to example of how to do it right has pretty high taxes overall ... should n't they have chased out all the rich and turned into a poor shithole long ago ? 
  i know that certainly wrong to just tax the fuck out of rich people to solve larger problems but this constant argument that you ca n't increase taxes on the rich or they will leave kind of bugs me . 
  i mean , we are talking taxing profit here mostly , are n't we ? 
  wither very simple math , it would still mean that these people are left with 250.000 $ each year . 
  that is a lot of money . 
  if you always buy into the threats of companies and the rich that they will leave if you do n't do what they want , you * will * end up with a situation like in the us where rich people pay less taxes in effect than middle class people . 
  do n't get me wrong ; i 'm not saying that people who are rich never did great things in the process of becoming rich or worked really hard . 
  but think about what being rich means . 
  it means having / consuming a lot more resources than the average person and that includes human resources or amount of time that people work for their needs . 
  take the richest man on the world and let everybody else stop working for him in any way and he would have nothing almost instantly . 
  nobody to clean his home , no worker running a plant to provide his home with electrcity and heat , nobody to work the fields to produce food for him , nobody to wash his produce or wash his clothes . 
  this is kind of true for everybody in a complex society based on trade , that 's true . 
  but it still means that there are many many people working `` in service '' for a rich person . 
  if you look at the very rich and translate the money , you 'd probably get a whole army working round the clock to provide all the luxury . 
  at this point you might say that they earned it while others will answer that many poor work very hard as well and then it 's an argument about the free market and so on and so forth . 
   my point here is that it is wrong just to concentrate on rich being rich , and not asking how they got rich . 
  i agree and i think it 's both mostly a matter of oportunity both on why people get rich and why people stay poor . 
  leech off is a double edged sword since you can always make the point that been rich is only possible in a large society and you profiting from other peoples work . 
  no rich person build her yacht with her item two hands . 
  i really have no idea how bias i am but this just pisses me off to no end . 
  it 's not like we won the lottery at some point and are now selfish to not give out the easily earned money . 
  every single euro the troubled nations are now getting was earned by somebody else and guys like that totally forget that . 
  and i do n't buy it for a second that spain , greece or italy are just the victims of global economy or other eu-members ( namely germany ) . 
  other eu member do just fine . 
  spain , greece and italy need money because they fucked up one way or another . 
  where was their solidarity when they decided to waste eu money or money from cheap credits thanks to their membership ? 
  did they stop and think `` hey , maybe we should spend the money responsibly '' . 
  no , they did n't . 
  there 's corruption and fraud left and right . 
  and now that we are the bad guys for not giving unlimited money with a smiling face ? 
  fuck that . 
  i know that are many greeks , italians and spaniards who are hard working , honest folks who are just victims of larger forces and who feel humiliated in a way of how they are portrait as beggers and i also know that helping the others is probably the right thing to do , but i just hate the attitude of soros there . 
  why ? 
  i see it this way : 5 people join their funds . 
  that money is then distributed among only 2 people . 
  how are the other 3 not paying the 2 ? 
  and many honest hardworking italians have a very hard time because of it . 
  we are very close business partners with a medium sized company in italy . 
  they have a great product but they are still very unrealiable because of their suppliers and italian buisness partners . 
  they have tried forever to find solid , reliable partners but they just ca n't seem to manage and we may be forced to choose somebody else because of this, 
  i honestly do n't get but i will accept if i 'm wrong . 
   the banking crisis was due to the inflow of money from germany , netherlands and so on . 
  this set of a boom . 
  why did n't this happen to poland ? 
  the rules of the euro were clear : no inflation . 
  nobody was forced to join the euro . 
  i still see it this way : the countries that struggle now benefited from cheap credits they only got because of the euro . 
  they spend too much and in bad projects .
