i think it was his legs or his hip, 
   but it also helps the communists there how ? 
   during the course of history romania betrayed moldova thrice . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's betrayal when you have absolutely no choice in it . 
  ( except for the third time , when iliescu said no . 
  but then again that 's his fault , not exactly the fault of the romanian people ), 
  you ca n't really blame the citizens of moldova . 
  from 1941 until 1991 , there 's a been a continuous russification attempts . 
  from 1941 to 1991 , they had 10 * first secretaries of the moldavian communist party * ( kind of the equivalent of a president ) . 
  out of those 10 , only 3 were were actually born on moldova . 
  and because russians or russian speakers were favorite to have important positions in the state , renouncing your romanian identity and adopting a russian one was encouraged . 
  also , the soviets put a lot of effort into brain-washing moldova 's population to think that being modovan and being romanian were polar opposites . 
  but why not try to avoid a possibly violent conflict ? 
  there 's an '' ** and ** '' in that sentence . 
  i like this . 
  it encourages physical activity . 
  i just wish they would n't just focus on football . 
  there are other sports too , you know ? 
  yeah we probably do n't hear about them much in europe because they 're not very mediatized . 
  the last `` sports fans gone violent '' case i remember in north america was the vancouver one in 2011 . 
  yeah but i guess you also do n't get as many violent conflicts during or after the game form hardcore supporters . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  what 's a sorb ? 
  that 's great news !, 
  four corrupt politicans/businessmen are now behind bars . 
  too bad you wo n't hear much about it on / r/romania , because the corrupt politicians in question are from the political party pd-l , which / r/romania has a crush on . 
  if this was an article about two politicians from the political party psd being arrested for corruption , it would be the top post on / r/romania edit : hehe -4 . btw by downvoting me without providing an explanation to why you think my comment is incorrect , you are kind of proving my point . 
  * l'homme chauve-souris * idk ... it does n't sound as catchy as * batman *, 
  first you tax my alcohol . 
  then you tax my cigarettes . 
  i 'll be damned if i 'll let you tax my hd porn . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i never knew estonian is more finno-ugric than baltic . 
  it also surprised me how unique greek is . 
  good post , op !, 
  haha . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  [ here 's another police video from our beautiful country ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmlfp06ir7g ), 
  the border guards were always known to be corrupt . 
  because that 's stupid, 
  that music makes it seem like they 're saving the world or something, 
  god , i love that video . 
  i wish they made a web-series based on it, 
  this is the first one i thought of : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rae6j9ayl7e then there 's this . 
  some idiots try to ... fuck it , just watch it . 
  yeah ... the thing is each party does this in every election in some way or another . 
  from bribing people to vote for their party , to bribing them and providing transportation from one city to another so they can vote in two places ( therefore twice ) , to simply faking votes . 
  every single party does that . 
  i 'm wondering , is n't there a way to get eu/un observers to make sure the next elections are actually done legally ? 
  props to you for delivering , but i 'm not sure how reliable that is , given the fact that every other source says the number is under a million . 
  then how can you say that people who left romania have no right to criticize it ? 
  it 's normal to put yourself and your family 's well-being before the potential benefit your country could get by you staying there . 
  if anything , opinions of romanians who left the country should be respected even more , because they have an unique perspective on how things should be in a civilized society . 
  guess why / u/anarchisto has to do that ? 
  because the romanian politicians ( who are corrupt ) do n't give a fuck about social problems unless those problems get attention in the international newspapers/tv channels . 
  once they get international coverage , they have to do something about it ( or else they get a bad rep ) . 
  if they do n't get international coverage , they keep on not giving a fuck . 
  why did you leave then ? 
  you know something , man ? 
  fine . 
  i believe you . 
  what 's your solution ? 
  you got ta have one , since you passionate about your criticism ... ** so what is it ? 
  please , enlighten us !, 
  i thought you were citing some statistics , that 's why i was surprised when you said romanians would n't be for it . 
  i ca n't speak for everybody , but if there was a referendum on romanian-moldavian relations ( be it a union or a socio-economic agreement ) , i for one would vote yes in a heartbeat . 
  after all , as the saying goes : * s\u00e2ngele ap\u0103 nu se face . 
  i agree wholeheartedly with what / u/el _ el said , and i want to challenge you ( / u/coolsubmission ) to a little experiment . 
  come to romania , and spend a week in a gypsy neighborhood ( let 's say ... a part of ferentari , bucharest ) . 
  you do n't have to sleep there , you can sleep in a nice hotel in the city center . 
  you just have to spend some time in that gypsy neighborhood every day/night , for one week . 
  if after your time there , you do n't come out a bit changed ... if you do n't come out thinking it 's not just mindless racism , and that the problem is more complex than you thought it was , i ( / u/daco-roman ) will donate 500 euros to a charity of your choice . 
  now , you might say : `` but what about travel expenses and accommodation ? 
  i do n't wan na spend my hard-earned money just to prove a point ! '', 
  well , / u/coolsubmission , by taking up this challenge and winning , you would basically prove those `` racists '' wrong . 
  ** you would single-handedly solve a decade-long ethnic conflict . 
  ** you ca n't put a price on that , can you ? 
  so what do you say , / u/coolsubmission ? 
  are you up for the challenge ? 
  could you at least try ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  edit : oooooh , i get it now . 
  i thought you stopped at one misconception , but you topped it with a second one . 
  whatever makes you laugh , man . 
   as you can see , the romanians are n't as big of fans . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  source ? 
  god , that 's funny, 
  ww3 confirmed, 
  around 145,000 according to wikipedia . 
   now millions and millions of roma have flooded europe 's borders but there 's only 650,000 gypsies in romania . 
  at least our leaders are n't a product of incest, 
   or - god forbid - tell them their food is shit . 
  ** even though it is . 
  ** that 's very funny coming from a brit . 
  your most famous traditional dish is * fish and chips * - the easiest thing to make in the whole world . 
  you just get some fish ( should n't be hard , given the fact that it 's found on 70 % of the planet ) and fry it . 
  then you get some potatoes , and do n't make french fries ( because that would be treason or something ) . 
  instead you cut them in big pieces and fry them .
