  nobody is xenophobic to your face but everyone has their story about their grandma/aunt to whom they have to explain regularly that eastern euros are n't all thieves/beggars/baby-eaters / etc. 
  yes . 
  and if you say people waving pork is illegal but chocolate is ok , that makes you a hypocrite . 
  that 's what we 're talking about . 
  your explanations of how sexual arousal works are obvious and unrelated to the discussion . 
  nobody demands that straight men be turned on by all or no gay sex , which is what you seem to be arguing about for some reason . 
  we demand that people not make a distinction on what is acceptable morally based on what 's acceptable to their dick . 
  a large part of the reason why it does n't exist is because there 's absolutely no incentive to , since the us already provides more than enough coverage for any reasonable safety concerns . 
  if trump decides to leave our asses exposed , you 'll quickly see the process accelerate . 
  and then after not too long you 'll have a powerful , assertive eu who is fully self-sufficient in defence matters and whom the us can not boss around anymore . 
  and ironically the ones with most to lose out of that new arrangement is the us . 
  trump better learn quickly that making threats in international politics is nowhere near as casual and inconsequential as it is in real estate . 
  30 years ago germany was two countries and the ussr was still a thing . 
  only goes to show how much the international stage can shift in a remarkably small period of time . 
  yes , maybe britain would be perfectly safe in the long-term without any nuclear weapons . 
  but maybe it would n't . 
  you just can not know . 
  and that maybe is the key word when pursuing an insurance policy , which is exactly what the nuclear deterrent is . 
  they degenerated since erdogan took power , that does n't mean there is n't room for it to get much , much worse . 
  yes , that is indeed the trivially obvious implication of what he was saying . 
  not mutually exclusive . 
  he 's not wrong though , funny or not . 
  is n't that pretty much exactly what he says in the video ? 
  i 'm romanian and i got legit pissed when i went to a polish shop in birmingham and the counter lady did n't know a bit of english . 
  for fuck 's sake , if you 're running a fucking business here the least you could do is learn the language . 
  how disrespectful . 
  agreed that second generation poles tend to integrate much better though . 
  or maybe neither of these are congruent with running a profitable business . 
  no need to jump straight to `` dae corporate greed ruining le economy ??? '', 
  people should be judged based on preconceptions and stereotypes , not facts and actions / s, 
  i 'm from there . 
  he 's the scummiest guy you can imagine . 
  regularly sleeping around with easily-impressed high school girls , stopping any industrial investment in the area because nobody 's willing to pay the bribes he demands , generally sucking the city of it 's resources and potential . 
  but pensioners love him because he puts a good firework display 3 times a year and uses prisoners as cleaners to keep the central parts of the city presentable . 
  they also do n't care that he 's doing jack shit to bring jobs to the city ( who needs jobs when you 've got a pension ? ), 
  since hey , he 's planting nice flowers around the library during the summer , that surely is sufficient to make him worthy of another half a decade in office !, 
  nonono , you do n't get it , the most ambitious political project of our lifetimes is actually a breeze to navigate , and any `` problems '' that come up are obviously just inventions and not something that ever happens when you try to get 5 % of the world population to agree on something democratically . 
   he said the argument that the project was needed to defend against iran made no sense because an international deal had been reached to curb tehran 's nuclear program . 
  that 's mighty precious coming from a country that guaranteed ukraine 's territorial integrity in exchange for nuclear disarmament , and now is waging proxy wars against it . 
  if you want a living proof of how little scraps of paper mean look in the mirror putin . 
  well gee whiz mr putin , you 're sure making a strong case that we do n't need to defend ourselves against poor victimised russia . 
  we 'll just have the americans disassemble the missile-defence system right away !, 
  that 's not how russia sees it . 
  i 'm not saying the way they see it is correct , and that the eu genuinely has aggressive intentions on russia , but politics is not about reality it 's about perceptions . 
  and from russia 's point of view an eu-integrated ukraine was going to make russia vulnerable to eu bullying and aggression . 
  when those are the premises you start with , russia 's actions are perfectly logical . 
  * do n't make a circumcise joke , do n't make a circumcise joke ... *, 
  you are aware that eurovision has been politicised since it 's inception right ? 
  people say this every year as if it 's some new and shocking revelation , and not the status quo . 
  i 'm not kidding you , i was talking to this pakistani taxi driver in london when he asked me if i 'm german . 
  i was like `` no haha , i 'm romanian '' and he would n't believe me because all romanians he 'd met looked `` just like him '' . 
  we sure got a shitty draw when it comes to who it is europeans interact with when they meet `` romanians '' . 
  just like literally every city on earth . 
  the touristic parts of bucharest are absolutely beautiful , and those are what people come to see , not random dodgy neighbourhoods . 
  what 's your point ? 
  because gypsies are bad it 's ok to confuse them with romanians ? 
  i honestly ca n't follow your logic . 
  realistically , what else do you expect us to do when people say they hate all of us based on the actions of a 1 % minority ? 
  like literally , tell me a single viable alternative thing to do , i 'm genuinely curious . 
  other europeans ca n't stand the gypsies ( understandably ) and have n't been exposed to enough romanians to be able to tell the difference between us and them . 
  fun thought exercise !, 
  now imagine if russia started eating bits out of a neighbour country while actively supporting separatist movements and anti-you propaganda in your sister-country of the same nationality . 
  would you still be all like `` but we 're hurting russia 's fee-fees by not letting them fuck over all of eastern europe ! '', 
  yes , those missiles better fucking be able to shoot down russian planes . 
  i 'm not willing to let my country be bullied around and fucked over by a dying empire who can not come to terms with their diminishing relevance . 
  being in the position you 're describing , where russia 's interests dictate what we can and can not do within our borders , is exactly why we 're installing missiles there . 
  basically because the blurry line which defines where europe ends and asia begins is usually defined as the places where muslims are the undisputed majority . 
  in roman times areas as remote as syria were considered europe , which nowadays nobody claims to be the case , mainly because they diverged so much religiously and culturally . 
  besides the `` played a role in european affairs = europe '' is a dangerous rabbit hole to go down to . 
  persisns played a big tole in ottoman affairs , india in persian , china in indian etc. 
  it wo n't be long till all of afro-eurasia becomes europe by that logic . 
  thing happens , redditors come up with armchair sociological analysis that `` proves '' said fact . 
  it 's not fucking rocket science . 
  yes , it 's a known fact that countries never reconcile . 
  could you imagine for example france and germany ever making up and collaborating on stuff like trade , security or even sharing a currency after everything that happened in the 20th century ? 
  no way lol . 
  / s for those sarcastically challenged, 
  as a romanian living in the uk i 'm not . 
  old romanians are almost universally fat diabetics ( i blame overcompensating for the shortcomings of communist lifestyle ) whereas a lot older british people are fit , slim and chipper . 
  also brits have huge gyms which are full 24/7 while in romania it 's a bit of a niche activity and mainly attended by unfit middle-aged people forced by the doctor to go . 
  also running/cycling is super uncommon in romania , whenever i go out for a run in my tiny northern romanian city i get weird looks and mocking comments . 
  turkey , europe , same sentence ? 
  preposterous !, 
  to be fair same probably applies in romania , a significant portion of the population works in farming , no wonder they do n't go lifting afterwards . 
  but that said even if we took that into account romanians are still in average some of the laziest people i 've ever seen fitness-wise . 
  it seems like almost noone over 21 exercises , except for the occasional group of chubby chavs pantingly playing a 1 hour football game once a week . 
  it 's called the [ tragedy of the commons ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_the_commons ) - when people each acting rationally in their own self-interest lead to a worse result for all . 
  every single immigrant is making a perfectly sound rational decision by going to the west . 
  they 'll have a better living , better jobs , better institutions etc. 
  now sure , if they all moved back to their own countries it might make a difference , but immigrants are n't a uniform blob that makes decisions as a hivemind . 
  each decision is taken by itself , and assuming that the group wo n't follow , it is contrary to rational self-interest and common sense for an individual or small group emigrate to a poorer , corrupt country . 
  so let 's not pretend the problem is simpler than it is . 
  like with most economic issues , it 's a problem of perfectly sound , rational micro-decision-making leading to undesirable macro-results ( see recessions ) . 
  and like with any macroeconomic issue , the solution is to establish policy which aligns rational individual decision making with macro-goals , not preaching at people to act contrary to their individual self interest ( which never works ) . 
  a 30m increase in water levels counts as a global catastrophe , not a `` mere '' change . 
   edit : what , did i have to preface my post by saying that i accept gay rights ? 
  for fucks sake . 
  do you think that people who are against gay rights do n't exist ? 
  have you even looked at the map we 're discussing ? 
  there 's hundreds of millions of people in europe who hold anti-gay views .
