do n't hold your breath , they 'll find some other minority to blame all their problems on long before that happens . 
  the fact that romania 's genetic make-up looks pretty much like our flag makes me excited for no good reason . 
  exactly . 
  erdogan is awful , but donald trump condones crimes against humanity . 
  you ca n't even compare one to another . 
  thank god for all those mindful russian ~ ~ soldier ~ ~ tourists who help prop up the economy !, 
  well to be fair by far the major resistance towards unification comes from the moldovan side , not from the romanian one . 
  romanians are mainly worried about the economics of it , moldovans are the ones going all `` but muh unique culture '' . 
  so yeah , it would n't seal the deal but getting moldovans to warm up to the idea is by far the hardest step that needs to be taken for serious unification considerations to take place . 
  but then the american white knights will come and explain to us backwards europoors that we can not mistreat the poor brown people like that . 
  funny how some people can not see the toxic culture of the gypsies because they are too preoccupied with their skin colour . 
  and they 're the ones calling us racists . 
  funny how that works . 
  i read somewhere that basically everywhere where the roman empire once ruled used to be considered `` europe '' , so including anatolia and levant among others . 
  the distancing only came when these areas became decidedly muslim and traditional european powers lost their influence there . 
  so technically , 1000 years ago syrians would n't have been refugees to europe , they would * be * europe . 
   make turkey great again, 
  fascinating , thanks . 
  so i 'm assuming this implies that romanians/vlachs mainly lived in wallachia and moldavia until their migration into transylvania under ottoman directive right ? 
  from this perspective who inhabited the carpthian basin before the hungarians settled there in the 13th century ? 
  slavs ? 
  also , what is your understanding then of what happened to the dacians ? 
  do you think they mixed into the slavic population and ceased to be a distinct ethnic identity ? 
  look at our opinion on russians . 
  moldovans are russified romanians . 
  the rest should be self-explanatory . 
  out of curiosity , could you give me the hungarian perspective as you see it on this ? 
  as a transylvanian i 'm genuinely curious , i rarely get to hear what the other side thinks . 
  mountain germans best germans, 
  they 're similar in every language . 
  it 's fucking maddening . 
  i propose to start calling them `` frunch '' or `` germuns '' and see how certain countries would suddenly change their mind about how `` politically incorrect '' it is to call them what they are , gypsies . 
  if ( nitpicking = = argument ) site.now = reddit, 
  they 're not going to nuke europe if we threaten to cut aid . 
  it 's raining outside . 
  you have no umbrella . 
  you * would * be better off under a bridge than just in the rain . 
  but you would still prefer a nice cozy house to the bridge , because as a normal human being you want the best for yourself rather than just the marginally better . 
  is it really so hard to comprehend how this concept applies to the refugees too ? 
  yes , sure , if they had to choose only between greece and syria , they 'd gladly choose greece . 
  but when germany , a country where they perceive to have the possibility to get a good job , social care , and prosperity is also an option , why the fuck would you not go for it instead ? 
  i fully agree that refugees should not pick and choose which country that are refugees in , but a productive approach to this might be discussing how to create a system that prevents that from happening , rather than demonising the refugees for daring to be normal human beings who seek to maximise their utility . 
   flood portugal  problem does not compute . 
  it 's commonly agreed they lost their superpower status when they ran back home with their tails between their legs from their suez canal adventure after the us gave them a stern look . 
  they are us proxies nowadays , and countries so dependant on another 's will can hardly be categorised as great powers . 
  yes ? 
  where have i implied western powers do n't do that ? 
  terrorise into submission ? 
  it 's the oldest trick in the book . 
  not all positions are equal . 
  if 99.9 % of mathematicians believe that 2 +2 is 4 , is n't it possible that 2 +2 is actually 4 rather than that there is a conspiracy and deep bias in the mathematical field and that you need to bring more 2 +2 = 3ers in to balance it out ? 
  and make hungary pay for it !, 
  just an instance of the crude barbarism our cultured latin ways have saved us from . 
  because people are sensationalists and have the weird concept that raping and murdering through the innocents from a foreign country is significantly more acceptable if it 's in accordance with some sort of international agreement than if it 's not . 
  the ~ ~ 350 million ~ ~ ~ ~ 130 million ~ ~ maybe a couple quid here and there that will go to make muh nhs cheaper , obviously !, 
  it does make it harder . 
  of course , youths wanting to smoke will smoke no matter the law , but your understanding of basic behavioural economics is pretty shabby if you think making something significantly harder to do wo n't significantly reduce it 's preponderance . 
  besides , as you said , cigarettes will still be legally available , no `` cigarette mafia '' will emerge out of this . 
  so i do n't really see how this is anything like the american drug prohibition on anything but the most superficial level . 
  we see that you have conquered some new territories , that 's great !, 
  unfortunately , we are the swiss federation . 
  we are all balkan on this blessed day !, 
  well i mean true , but it sounds like you 're defending the guy telling op to fuck off for simply smiling , which is a pretty assholish thing to do no matter the culture in london . 
  sure , op broke etiquette , but that did n't justify that guy being such a hostile asshole to him . 
  what stops the people identifying the laws as such from being also pulled into the revolving door system ? 
  it 's a longer time than no hiatus ? 
  nobody claims it 's a perfect system . 
  if you can come up with a better alternative that prevents corruption without being overly punishing on innocent regulators feel free to share your ideas . 
  criticism is easy , fixing is what the industry actually needs . 
  revolving door is n't about the public officer being forced into a low-paying job beneath their skills . 
  it 's about preventing them having the future prospect of getting a high-paying cushy job at company x while creating the regulations relevant to company x , which obviously removes any sort of neutrality or integrity from the process . 
  you talk about market inefficiencies after they leave public office . 
  how about before ? 
  a regulator pursuing the interests of goldman sachs instead of the wider public seems pretty damn inefficient to me . 
  no , what happened ? 
  there are many pockets in romania and moldova with incredibly well preserved traditional practices - [ villages ] ( http://imgur.com/luiea0t ) looking virtually the same as they would 've 300 years ago , [ people ] ( http://imgur.com/nxnbcgz ) living a pastoral life , [ traditional clothing ] ( http://imgur.com/cet4ugk ) , all that . 
  why not visit one of those ? 
  people there love tourists , unlike transnistria they also have modern appliances ( cars , toilets , tvs , etc ) , you 'd get to experience a uniquely preserved traditional culture for spare change by western standards , all without supporting a dubious separatist movement . 
  plug to my home county of maramures , often referred to as the cultural hearth of romania and home to holiday abodes of the likes of prince charles . 
  that 's always been my main beef with the disarmament crowd . 
  excuse my economics 101 lingo , but nuclear armament is a textbook example of a [ nash equilibrium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nash_equilibrium ) . 
  if russia has nukes , the us is better off also having nukes than not . 
  if russia has no nukes , the us can benefit from getting nukes by being put in a superior position of power . 
  and vice-versa . 
  that 's not to say that nuclear armament is impossible or undesirable , but any agreement needs to be much more sophisticated and realistic to be plausibly useful than anything i 've seen suggested thus far . 
   muh splendid isolation some people are starting to take the peace and economic growth experienced over the past half century as the stable status quo and therefore fail to see the point of `` obsolete '' systems meant to maintain them , such as nuclear deterrents and supranationalism . 
  was n't it the french who used to give us shit about being `` racist '' to gypsies , and then snapped and put them on planes back to romania a few months after they were allowed to migrate into france ? 
  yeah , fuck that . 
  until you have had to experience living with gypsies yourself , see their lifestyle , their culture , and the despicable way they treat their children , i do n't give a fuck about this xenophobic `` all easterners are backwards and racist '' bullshit . 
  you have no clue what you 're talking about , but since we 're dirty poor icky * non-westerners * we 're obviously complete mongoloids who mistreat the poor brown people for no reason , and the mighty westerner has to come and civilise us . 
  have you considered that refusing to accept that gypsy culture is toxic because they are also brown is kinda racist itself ? 
  you 're the ones focusing so deeply on defining gypsies by their skin colour that you refuse to look beyond it . 
  something to think about . 
  yes , it is well-known that the only factor distinguishing countries from each other is how their buildings are set on fire . 
  in other news , saudi arabia and japan are the same country . 
   by your conduct easier said than done when people are too stupid to distinguish us from the gypsies begging on their street , stealing from them and making their streets unsafe . 
  we all know that if the bbc ignored what he did and kept him reddit would be filled with accusations of bbc being one of them big evil immoral corporations who do n't care about anything but profits . 
  there 's no way to win . 
  for what it 's worth i 'm glad they chose to piss off the people who care about entertainment above ethics than vice versa . 
  i 'm a romanian working in london .
