/ r/europe in a nutshell, 
  how did you make this comment on a picture that is only talking about minimum wage . 
  median wage is lower in germany and only 2 % of american workers make minimum wage and it varies between states and cities . 
  as an american who lived in germany i also could n't believe how many homeless people lived in my small town and how low wages were . 
  i got paid more doing an internship in the usa than i made as an it professional in germany . 
  made me sad that as a professional i had to live as a low middle class person in usa would for the same work . 
  honestly speaking as someone who had family members living on welfare in the usa , it would honestly be better than living here on what the state gives you when you are unemployed . 
  i live in the czech republic btw and have so for a while . 
  there is a social saftey net in the usa as well and not all countries in europe get free university . 
  this whole thread is honestly some of the dumber comments i 've read on reddit in a long time . 
  people confusing minimum wage with an average wage and just a lot of bad information being spread around . 
  but almost nobody in czech republic makes minimum wage . 
  i do n't understand why people are making so many conclusions from this map . 
  it 's a map that says this is the minimum wage . 
  nothing else . 
  it does n't make one country richer than the other one . 
  minimum wage is n't an average wage are even a good indicator of how much money people make . 
  honestly who cares about what a minimum wage is ? 
  in most countries only a small % of the population is getting paid it . 
  i 'd rather know what the median wage ppp is . 
  that is a better indicator of how well the `` average '' worker is doing . 
  i mean they usually build a house with it . 
  it 's not the best investment but it is n't bad either . 
  my girlfriend is ukranian and her dad works in poland . 
  all of the guys want to go back to ukraine . 
  they just go to make some money for a few months at a time then take a long break in ukraine and live off the money they made . 
  i mean my office has german people french people americans british etc. 
  it 's not that difficult to get foreigners to move here . 
  almost everybody i work with absolutely loves it here . 
  [ this tells you the average wage now for each industry ] ( http://www.czechmarketplace.cz/files/uploads/news/5998/hays_salary_guide_2017_eng.pdf ) the salaries have been going up quite a lot in many industries due to a labor shortage . 
  as someone who works in it and have done so in germany and in czech republic , i 'm actually paid more in the czech republic and it 's cheaper to live here . 
  salaries in germany in it really are n't that great . 
  ah yes because one american replied with something stupid it means americans are all simple people . 
  your reply just made you the same . 
  i 'm not the other poster , but i live with a roomate and i pay more per month in rent than he makes a month ... and i live in a flat share . 
  i ca n't imagine how you can survive on that in prague . 
  wow you could work at albert and get paid more than that :( . 
  do you have any plans on switching jobs ? 
  not sure , but czech is just super difficult for her . 
  when she 's visiting me she will read all of the ingredients on products in slovak instead of czech and my roommate who is slovak can talk with her no problem but with czech people she just uses english as it 's too confusing for her . 
  i would normally agree , but people there were just really excited to use their english and meet foreigners since they do n't encounter them often . 
  i actually met my now girlfriend there when i was visiting one time . 
  and after a year of going out i 'm pretty positive she does n't want my money ( as i have none  ), 
  you should definitely go to lviv . 
  everybody is friendly , it 's extremely cheap and there is a ton of culture . 
  you 'll regret it if you dont !, 
  i 've gone with friends and alone . 
  i now actually have a girlfriend that lives half there and half here in prague . 
  i just asked my ukranian girlfriend and she said she can understand polish like 75 % slovak 50 % and czech 10 % so i think you 're fine . 
  l'viv is probably my 2nd favorite city in all of europe . 
  i 've had a blast every time i go there ( and i 've been there over 10 times ) . 
  there are so many good places to drink/take a coffee/eat some chocolate . 
  and it doesnt hurt that girls love foreign guys there . 
  i do n't mind my colleagues knowing how much money i make . 
  if anything it would be a good way to not get screwed over . 
  i however would not want my family or friends to have any idea how much money i make . 
  just seems unnecessary . 
  haha maybe you can amend it then and give it the irish perspective, 
  i guess i blame [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglosphere ) for my ignorance, 
  ok part of the english speaking world . 
  i 'm aware that irish gaelic still exists but english is still the most popular language . 
  the uk , ireland , new zealand , canada , australia all have big issues with housing . 
  more so than other countries it seems . 
  just a random observation nothing more/less . 
  i live in prague which is n't a rich city and even we have this problem :(, 
  it seems like everywhere in the anglo world has problems with housing . 
  i 'd agree with that , get some good role models in at a young age, 
  the question is . 
  does it really matter ? 
  lol , i love that there is both czech and slovak ... people here really do love killing themselves on vacation . 
  fair enough . 
  you do n't even need to have experience to get into it in prague right now though . 
  they will hire almost anyone , that is if you 're willing to move to prague . 
  the problem with your logic is that czechs barely emigrate . 
  not many czechs at all move west to germany . 
  also czech 's are n't living in poverty either . 
  most people living here live very good lives . 
  maybe for other former communist countries things are n't that good but they are good here in czech republic . 
  i use it all the time . 
  i recommend it to all my friends . 
  bank fees on transfers are outrageous . 
  outside of it and maybe some other niche professions , salaries in the czech republic are just so low compared to how great the economy is doing . 
  the labor shortage seems to be helping drive wages up now , but overall that 's not a great thing for the economy . 
  do you have a source for the infrastructure stuff ? 
  i 'd like to give it a read . 
  honestly prices in prague have become so outrageous and i assumed it was due to a lack of new apartments but i could n't say for sure . 
  would be great to learn more . 
  [ this is really interesting ] ( http://www.czechmarketplace.cz/files/uploads/news/5998/hays_salary_guide_2017_eng.pdf ) enjoy !, 
  i 've lived and worked in germany czech republic and usa . 
  i 've had 40 hour weeks everywhere with no expectations of overtime . 
  my life really has n't changed work wise at all . 
  you are asking / r/askeurope to compare usa and europe work schedules . 
  you are going to get biased answers since a lot of them have never worked in both places like i have . 
  if you are struggling in the usa than no doubt you would struggle here as well . 
  people here are also struggling to pay their bills and with life . 
  this is almost everywhere in the world . 
  it 's also in a ton of czech places now in prague , not just asian places . 
  i see it almost everywhere around pankrac where i work . 
  if you compare the costs or a used car here compared to germany or the uk it 's much more expensive . 
  my colleagues from these countries always go home to buy used cars since they are such a rip off here .
