  also used cars here tend to be in shit condition and often times people are lying with how many km they have . 
  i had no idea eagle-eye cherry is swedish . 
  i absolutely love that song . 
  honestly , on a czech salary while living in prague it would n't make financial sense to own a car . 
  gas is extremely expensive and to buy a used car is insanely expensive . 
  i really miss having a car but until i have kids i probably just wont own a car here as i 'd rather spend my extra money on travelling or other things right now . 
  there is a sale at the grocery next to me 6 crowns for a .5 liter of decent beer . 
  i will drink many pivo for you, 
  never seen one in prague before . 
  i went to them when i lived in usa and germany and it was very cheap . 
  wish they were popular here in cz, 
  best food i had in finland/sweden/norway were all from immigrants , 
  yeah it 's alright but what i 'm trying to say is veg/fruit/chicken is usually cheaper in germany for a big higher quality . 
  when i was in france/spain the food is unbelievably high quality for super cheap . 
  there is no reason to not eat like a king in those two countries . 
  as an american living in czech republic . 
  this is by far the most true statement so far . 
  the only beer that was as cheap in the usa as a good beer from a grocery store in czech republic was natural light and it literally tastes like somebody drank bad beer and then pissed it into a can . 
  haha i meant that poor people are probably buying freeze dried pizzas rather than fruits and veg, 
  good cheese does n't exist in czech republic and if it does its just as expensive as in the usa . 
  however when i was with my ex girlfriend who was french they had amazing cheese that cost almost nothing . 
  so i think it 's going to vary from country to country . 
  i actually found german cheese to be disgusting , but i grew up near vermont and preferred it to anything else until i went to france for the first time . 
  low quality food in the usa is much cheaper . 
  however normal quality food tends to be a bit more expensive . 
  hence why poor people get fat as shit in the usa and rich people tend to be healthy and fit . 
  i was lucky that growing up my mom shopped at trader joe 's and adam 's fair acre farms which both have super high quality food for a decent price . 
  however poor people would rather just go to walmart and get whatever is cheapest . 
  as someone who has lived in germany czech republic and the usa , i feel like i can actually answer a question half decently for once . 
  - germany in germany , supermarkets tend to be a bit cheaper for the same exact thing . 
  i always see people posting that it 's much cheaper in germany but honestly i only found it slightly . 
  i also found that most cities in germany ( besides a few ) have really reasonable rent . 
  in the usa even a half decent city has extremely expensive rent and sometimes for not such a great quality place . 
  i paid 200 euro for my own flat outside of a mid sized city when i was living in germany . 
  one of my best friends lives outside of stuttgart and he was complaining to me that he pays 500 euros a month for his own place . 
  this is almost how much i pay to share an apartment in prague . 
  he does n't realize how lucky he is . 
  - czech republic in the czech republic i 've found that eating out and drinking are unbelievably cheap . 
  i can go out to eat basically everyday or go out to drink with my friends and it does n't put a hole in my pocket . 
  it makes for a perfect pub culture and a great way to relax on the weekends and after work without having to worry about money . 
  i 've also found travelling is extremely cheap . 
  you can get a great penzion all throughout czech republic for a low rate and a lot of the ones i have stayed in have been high quality and really friendly people have been working there . 
  i have also taken a 9 hour train ride from prague to kosice ( in slovakia ) for 6 euro . 
  this train also serves you 20 crown beers the whole time . 
  - usa basically everything else was cheaper for me in the usa . 
  cars , electronics , clothes etc. 
  whenever i visit my parents i stock up on everything i want for the rest of the year . 
  so to sum it up things really expensive in the usa tend to be rent travelling groceries, 
  it was proven in the czech republic . 
  not sure about other eastern european countries . 
  [ this is a kind of ] ( http://www.radio.cz/en/section/business/czech-test-finds-inconsistent-levels-of-product-quality-in-different-states ) study that shows a bit what i 'm talking about . 
  basically all supermarkets in the czech republic are the comcast here . 
  bad service , same price as german shit but worse quality , terrible produce . 
  ironically the only supermarket chain i like here in czech republic is lidl and its known as a low cost german supermarket . 
  when i was young and living in the usa i 'd mow my neighbors lawns as a side job when i went to school . 
  i could get like 50 dollars for 2 hours of work . 
  not really so bad when you 're 12-18 years old . 
  and how does everybody i know seem to afford a new house/flat on such a shitty wage \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  damn in prague it would be double that, 
  usually countries with higher productivity actually do n't have to work as much . 
  [ higher productivity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marginal_revenue_productivity_theory_of_wages ), 
  you actually made me laugh out loud so thanks for that . 
  but it was a very poor hood but then a flood came in and got rid of all the `` bad people '' i moved in when it was still gentrifying so my rent was very cheap for how nice it was . 
  for my own apartment on that square i was only paying 400 euro for 60 m2 . 
  now it 's one of the nicest areas in prague ( in my opinion ), 
  you forgot the best one , flushing ( vlissengen ) my dad used to joke that flushing , queens was too perfect of a name due to the smell . 
  most of my time in prague [ i 've lived here ] ( https://www.google.cz/maps/@50.0940115,14.457951,3a,75y,184.1h,84.98t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1swoxlzmbv0sfu07dx0wi7oq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) it 's a beautiful square a little outside of the center of the city . 
  op is a troll and always has been . 
  i think he has a few accounts that i have all labeled as well . 
  i think happiness surveys are a load of shit . 
  yep never had a problem at the vietnamese either, 
  getting yelled at by the cashier for trying to do any transaction . 
  if you give them money , they will ask for exact change , if you do n't have it they will roll their eyes huff and puff and probably curse you out under their breath . 
  if you pay by credit card they will be mad they have to press a few more buttons on the screen . 
  if you pay by meal tickets , they will not know how to do the math often times and will complain . 
  or they will accept the meal tickets but then not let you pay with a credit card for the rest of the money because they are n't sure how to do it . 
  if you ask them for a bag ( often times the bags are behind the counter ) they will complain they have to move to give you the bag . 
  i live in czech republic  . 
  i love almost everything about living in this country except for the whole supermarket experience here which is really awful . 
  if they are climbing a mountain with flip-flops , they are probably from czech republic . 
  good people ... beautiful cities ... great job opportunities . . amazingly cheap/clean public transportation . . good attitude towards life ... pragmatic people ... center of europe ... cheap travel ... cheap countryside ... good beer . . good wine ... only thing i do n't like here is czech republic may have the worst supermarkets in all of europe, 
  came for a vacation to czech republic . 
  stayed because i like it . 
  no real reason other than that, 
  at first i was confused where the fuck in the usa would your boss call you trash , but then i read your post history and it says you live in philadelphia . 
  no further comment !, 
  in all my travels , spain had the worst for me . 
  the stereotype usually is the french but when i would visit with my ex-gf i was always surprised at how many people had lived in the uk/canada/usa and could actually speak good english . 
  if i could keep my salary , i would move to kosice for a few months a year . 
  i have had way too much fun with friends there . 
  and i could go to the vysoke tatry whenever i want . 
  i am one of those employed immigrants and moving here from the usa was really easy for me . 
  however just last month they changed the rules for ukranians to try to get a work visa here , so it 's been a nightmare for my girlfriend . 
  she has a job offer from my old job with a decent salary and full backing from the company and hr but she ca n't get an appointment to even apply for the visa for 5 months . 
  supposedly some ukranians were buying all the time slots to meet with the czech consulate in l'viv and were selling them to ukranians who needed these appointments to get their visa . 
  now the czech consulate got rid of this due to the rampant corruption and you must wait in line or use some project called `` project free ukraine '' since most of the lower class labor is from ukraine i `` ll be interested in seeing how badly the labor shortage will get here since the ukranians are having a very difficult time immigrating now . 
  too inferior potassium !, 
  na it 's all good , nobody was mean to me . 
  they were just honest that they were confused . 
  the only thing that bothered me was how expensive everything was since i could n't take the one train line .
