iceland . 
  here 's the estimates i got on the code redemption page . 
  estimated pricing guide :, 
  australia : $ 65, 
  china : $ 60, 
  continental us : $ 10 -- 20, 
  europe : $ 50 -- $ 65, 
  south america : $ 55 -- $ 80, 
  taiwan : $ 60, 
  here 's the estimates from the code redemption page . 
  shipping was priced at $ 51.03 to norway . 
  estimated pricing guide :, 
  australia : $ 65, 
  china : $ 60, 
  continental us : $ 10 -- 20, 
  europe : $ 50 -- $ 65, 
  south america : $ 55 -- $ 80, 
  taiwan : $ 60, 
  or take the hint and go in a different direction . 
  mehrune 's razor , the wabbajack and the sanguine rose would have been better too . 
  nobody remembers the dawnbreaker quest as well as a night to remember . 
  the razor has an iconic appearance , and was , afaik , an important item in the previous game . 
  that 's probably why they lost . 
  hitlers toothbrush was no match for stalins walrus . 
  anyone know what `` the iron way '' is ? 
  it 's not explained in the movie and i ca n't find anything on google . 
  clark kent being an investigative journalist by day and the world 's greatest detective by night ? 
  that would kind of make sense , actually . 
  all he 'd need is an anonymous billionaire to provide him with gadgets , like bruce wayne or lex luthor . 
   he 's also quite old . 
  he 's in good health ... for a 74 year old . 
  [ please do n't kill me for talking bad about bernie , reddit ], 
  clinton is 68 , trump is 69 . 
  also , the pope is 79 and still going strong . 
  we were also hunter-gatherers for 200k years , more or less . 
  it 's just in the last few hundred years we 've stopped seeing small animals as a food source . 
  should n't this be `` everyone in every country is ** a descendant ** of an immigrant '' ? 
  guess ohio is the scp-682 of polandball . 
  breaking news !, 
  the entire senate electrocuted by what appears to have been a malfunction in the hoverpod system . 
  chancellor palpatine miraculously survives and has declared a state of emergency , granting him emergency powers until this crisis has been resolved . 
  maybe the goat ran into a village and took a dump next to a group of children ? 
  lie down and not move when the enemy kicks me to see if i 'm alive ? 
  or should i act like a zombie and try to bite them ? 
  kind of doubt they 're gon na let arabians through simply because they say they 're atheists . 
  maybe he means that jews own and profit from porn companies ? 
  cutting out masturbation leads to regular exercise , good grades , a dream job in silicon valley and a gorgeous girlfriend ... 
  definitely a troll . 
  would n't most walls be moving at a similar speed ? 
  invaded at normandy , no less . 
  the only region that successfully invaded england . 
  do i need to watch 1 and 2 first , or are they separate stories ? 
  they could also cover their tanks and some riot shields with the pages of the quran . 
  ca n't they just take pills like a normal person ? 
  drinking blood runs the risk of getting infected with various diseases or being chased down by cops and vampire hunters . 
  maybe he 's a pilot on one of those low-cost airlines ? 
  him defecting without severe punishment could convince others to leave . 
  next guy could be a mid-level leader with valuable intel or a bomb maker that would otherwise have blown up a school somewhere in europe . 
  i 'm not saying he should go free , but 5-10 years in prison would be enough to beat the religion out of him and remove him from the war until isis is gone , while still making defection a realistic option for other soldiers . 
  northern italy could be a better match . 
  higher mountains , within walking distance from the shire/england , there 's historical precedence for bringing war elephants/mumakil up through the iberian peninsula and the southern parts of italy has volcanoes . 
  it 's probably one of the default subs . 
  unsubbed yesterday , and i ca n't remember subscribing either . 
   ~ ~ claustrophobia ~ ~ common sense ai n't nothing to fuck with . 
  he attacked civilians for political reasons . 
  pretty much a texbook example of terrorism . 
  and probably learn to live without cheap and stable internet . 
  there 's also / r/nosillysuffix , where a bot posts stuff from the sfw porn subs . 
  alcohol to kill bacteria and liquor to numb the pain . 
  alcohol is flammable . 
  and store the copy of the copy somewhere else , like on an online backup service . 
  that way you wo n't lose everything if your house burns down , gets burgled or every connected device is destroyed by lightning . 
  also , try to restore once in a while , to make sure your backup system is n't giving you a false sense of security . 
  different buildings , not different rooms . 
   3-2-1 principle, 
  - have at least three copies of your data . 
  - store the copies on two different media . 
  - keep one backup copy offsite . 
   how he conquers the evil dark lord, 
  he conquers a person ? 
  i guess i can see how that might work , but i 'm pretty sure `` defeat '' would fit better with the rest of the post . 
  in case anyone else is wondering ... 
   this trading company , the first multinational in the world , was seen by balkenende as a company with business acumen , decisiveness and boldness . 
  except for the mongols . 
  how many superpowered characters does the movie have ? 
  is n't it just superman vs batman vs zombie zod with a side dish of wonder woman ? 
  ca n't be that much to fit in , when three of the main characters have been introduced in earlier movies . 
  another viking ship sailed from norway to chicago in 1893 to participate in the world 's columbian exposition ( also known as the chicago world 's fair ) which celebrated the 400th anniversary of christopher columbus 's arrival in the new world in 1492 . 
  maybe criminals have day jobs too ? 
  easier to keep cops off their back if they have a legal income and their secret lair is in the backroom of a legitimate business . 
  it 's free advertising space . 
  it 's not like anyone 's gon na start boycotting them because of a folder . 
  one more reason not to swim naked in the sea . 
  would n't be too hard to just change the names and simplify the setting . 
  basically make a new world , that 's almost identical to middle earth . 
  a lot of the lore can be straight up ignored , too . 
  elves would be irrelevant , since they 'd be dead or in valinor . 
  the lands of men and hobbits would be long gone and only exist in stories told among the few survivors . 
  the only valar that might enter the story would be ulmo , who 's connected to underground streams , and aule who created the dwarves . 
  / r/trippinthroughtime,
