  not sure if it 's mentioned in the movie , but some high-ranking elf made a prophecy almost four centuries earlier that he would n't be killed by a man . 
  the future is predetermined in that universe and all the prophecies come true , though they 're usually vague and easily misinterpreted . 
  on a battlefield with nothing but human enemies , he was effectively immortal . 
  not just elven . 
  the blade came from a barrow in the north and was specifically made to harm wraiths during an earlier war against the witch-king . 
  probably infused with magic or something . 
  worth mentioning that there are practically no fatalities , despite tens of thousands of visitors each year . 
  that 's just a teaser . 
  here 's the full 6 minute video linked in the video description . 
  they also do n't have the time . 
  kids can spend hours on experimentation and reading detailed step-by-step guides on the net . 
  grownups have to work most of the day , take care of kids , exercise , paint walls , fix the car , vacuum the house , etc, 
  it 's probably set at some point in the future . 
  the humans in the story just celebrated a hundred years with no major wars . 
  probably true . 
  my point is that we do n't know when this conversation happens . 
  could be 10 000 a.d. for all we know . 
  we also ca n't say for certain that the current rate of scientific progress will continue forever without stagnation . 
  why do humans need a consistent schedule ? 
  it 's not like our cavemen or animal ancestors bothered checking star constellations so they could go to sleep at exactly the right time every night . 
  pretty much all the celebrities that die young are aliens sent to guide us . 
  why else would a bunch of wealthy and successful people die from stuff like sleeping pills while still in their prime ? 
  there might even be a cool easter egg for those that try it . 
  like what happens on some subreddits if you enter the konami code . 
  hell hath no fury like a non-combatant . 
  dulce bellum inexpertis - war is sweet to those who have not experienced it, 
  `` they could n't hit an elephant at this dist ... '' - john sedgwick, 
  the myths also speak of the time he had to dress up as freya in a wedding dress to steal back his hammer from a giant in utgard . 
  the blonde thor would have a far easier time passing himself off as a woman . 
  thor has a hammer , jesus was nailed to a cross . 
  not the best translation . 
  `` trembles exceedingly at heart '' could be read both as `` trembles with fear '' and `` trembles with excitement '' , and the laymans understanding of ancient cultures like the spartans does n't exactly help clarify which of the two is right . 
  unless they profit from it . 
  probably used jedi mind tricks to get votes . 
  the most skilled jedi could meet palpatine face to face without sensing that he was a sith and nobody noticed anakin 's fall to the dark side . 
   need i remind you it was one of these `` peaceful monks '' that ran the separatist movement and caused the clone war to begin with, 
  it 's almost like they were secretly controlling both sides . 
  first a `` former '' jedi started a war by using his jedi mind tricks on the trade federation and having them attack the republic with an army of drones . 
  then the jedi revealed the existence of a massive clone army , which one of them had ordered years in advance . 
  most jedi have no experience leading armies , yet the senate somehow decided to put the clone army under their control , instead of recruiting experienced officers from various planetary security forces , mercenary groups or even law enforcement . 
  their endgame was probably to use the army to overthrow the senate and set up a galactic theocracy . 
  do n't forget where the clone army came from . 
  a jedi arranged their creation years in advance . 
  they clearly knew about the war before it started . 
  someone should call marvel and get them to write a comic book series about this . 
  with a bit of luck , we might get a blockbuster movie in a decade or two . 
  the field for pronoun probably has a limit on length . 
  the teacher might just see `` his ma '' or `` dowed '' . 
  kids are n't afraid of the darkness itself , but rather of the monsters that could hide where they ca n't see . 
  would it be a good idea to lock him in another room whenever he whines ? 
  kind of difficult to kill someone when game mechanics takes away most of the methods an assassin would use , like backstabbing , a poisoned high level arrow fired from a good hiding spot , slitting your throat while sleeping , poisoning your food , framing you for crimes you did n't commit and then bribing public officials to give you a death sentence . 
  does it pay 6 times the amount if you die from an accident while on a business trip ? 
  simply killing them could have convinced everyone he was using an aimbot and gotten him banned . 
  [ this one ? ] ( http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/51699/ ? ), 
  the war got so bad he had to come back and die for our sins a second time . 
  looks like futurama . 
  `` screw in a lightbulb '' . 
  screw is another word for f *** . 
  they also did n't try an anti-tank missile , armor piercing m82 sniper rifle , molotov cocktail , incendiary weapons , poison gas , biological weapons or electrocution . 
  beelining would make the game more realistic . 
  if i was an adventurer in an underground space full of traps and monsters , i 'd head straight for whatever treasure i came there for and gtfo . 
  would n't that kill him ? 
  starlord almost died from a single infinity stone , and he 's part alien . 
  this mod is bugged , though . 
  i erased my bounty and lost access to quest items . 
  when i tried to get mehrunes razor , for example , the quest markers would point at a body , but the pieces would n't appear in the loot screen . 
  other quest items could be picked up , but did n't appear in my inventory . 
  this is probably caused by whether you reclaim your stuff before or after erasing the bounty . 
  should be easy to avoid by checking for quest items before and after jail and reloading if the bug happens . 
  guards of markarth wear a different uniform than the one you posted as proof . 
  what hold are you from ? 
   the andromeda galaxy, 
  did you mean the milky way or is marvel 's earth placed in another galaxy ? 
  mostly plant life from the dinosaur era , if i remember right . 
  might be some dino blood in there , but most of it is probably grass , plankton and stuff . 
   of course , the better bet is to only have thrusters on one end , and just turn around when you need ` braking ' thrust . 
  docking with a space station would be nearly impossible with that system . 
  i 'd rather go for a kerbal space program approach of thrusters in every direction for turning the ship and precision maneuvers , but a main engine in a single direction for changing orbits and stuff . 
  what did he say ? 
  most of the people targeted by the dark brotherhood are innocent . 
  there are no documents or dialogue that explains why they 're evil or why someone wants them dead . 
  only downside ? 
  you have to build the damn thing . 
  hunt down obscure ingredients , click through excessive dialogues to buy wood , and so on . 
  except for the part when they straight up murder a bunch of werewolf hunters . 
  i mean , those guys are n't saints by a long shot , but they 're the only defense skyrim has against the 90 % of werewolves that ca n't control their bloodthirst . 
   `` in the community , paedophilia is often equated with child molestation but it is evident that paedophilia is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition to engage in child sexual offending , '' dr kaergel said . 
   `` this means that not all individuals with a diagnosis of paedophilia commit child sexual offences , just as many persons who sexually offend against children are not paedophilic . 
  i was hoping this could help end witch hunts against male teachers who are wrongly accused of sexual abuse . 
  looks like the only thing this changes is the added risk of having someone 's livelihood ruined because of a brain scan . 
  a hammer has a purpose if a human uses it . 
  the hammer does n't have a purpose if there is n't a human . 
  saying `` life 's purpose is to increase entropy '' only makes sense if we assume there 's a god-like being who either created or is actively using life to speed up the heat death of the universe . 
  the main purpose of the lie detector tests is probably to prevent another hostile takeover . 
  he knows coulsons team are n't enemies , so he has less reason to keep a close eye on them . 
   the lifespan of dwarves was varied depending on their ancestry . 
  the longbeards were particularly long-lived , but by the third age their lifespan was diminished and they lived , on average , 250 years . 
  humans of our world live an average of 80 years . 
  60 years for them would be like 19.2 years for us . 
  what does ay meng mean ?
