  if he uses reddit on a tablet or cell phone , there might be some option in the client he 's using . 
  also good for / r/sandersforpresident , / r/wtf and / r/nsfw . 
  unless , of course , you like having your news and entertainment suddenly interrupted by nudity , gore and reminders of the proletarian revolution that did n't happen . 
  you know , there is another country further west which has oil , a corrupt government , oppressed minorities and the largest prison population in the world . 
  go liberate that one . 
  51.89 % voted leave with a turnout of 72.21 % . 
  this means that there 's only 37.47 % chance that a random person voted leave . 
  i would n't call that a majority . 
  it 's probably from a different part of this interview : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwo0brdkehc, 
  having zero pigmentation in africa can be downright deadly , as players think your skin and bodyparts can be used in potions . 
  also , sliding it just a bit too far can decrease your charisma and cause debuffs and dot when exposed to too much sunlight . 
  could he get dual citizenship and run for president in both countries at once ? 
  america , and most other civilized countries , have protection against retroactive laws . 
  crossing that line and making these crimes punishable by death after they 've been committed is a pretty bad sign for things to come . 
  edit : this is also a human rights violation . 
   article 11 . 
   ( 2 ) no one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence , under national or international law , at the time when it was committed . 
  nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed . 
  so he did n't somehow preserve his daughters face , wear it as a mask and dress up like a little girl ? 
  he said `` chased '' , not `` caught '' . 
  maybe the lion is just playing with him . 
  usain thinks he 's gon na die , the lion is just casually jogging along behind him like a dog herding sheep . 
  it 's also a useful tip on a windy day . 
  roll down the window , push the door open , then click the button that closes the window before closing the door . 
  probably the smartest dog in there . 
  everyone else is running around in circles , he 's just chilling in the corner . 
   `` yeah , normally . 
  but have you ever heard of the saying `` holding a gun to the head of god ? '' '', 
  what does it mean ? 
  tl ; dw : wash hands with salt or sugar mixed with soap if the hands are extra dirty . 
  this is more of a lpt than a how to manual for washing hands . 
  using salt and sugar to clean the sink would probably leave scratches . 
  might work for hands , though . 
  why ? 
  who would want to live in a place that 's cold , wet and has almost no sunlight ? 
  if climate change is a problem , we can build vertically on the ground in regions that remain hospitable , on floating cities , artificial islands or resort to various forms of population control . 
  you could try / r/geopolitics . 
  i skimmed the current front page and did n't find any memes or mentions of trump . 
  only post mentioning hillary was related to russia . 
   in fact , one of the men shown was no longer employed by ppf on the date the video was posted . 
  he is no longer employed by ppf due to an issue unrelated to this video . 
  to get revenge against the company after they fired him , maybe ? 
  the star itself . 
  one of the theories i 've read states that the star is a type with a low life expectancy and drawing matter from the core would both turn it into a type that can live billions of years longer and provide the matter and energy needed to build a dyson sphere . 
  source : [ first comment on this article . 
  ] ( http://gizmodo.com/the-so-called-alien-megastructure-just-got-even-more-my-1784883811 ), 
  what should he do when it lies down and refuses to move ? 
  it 's not like he can get off and push . 
  beating an elephant with a stick or yelling at it seems like a bad idea . 
  translation : `` i prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery '', 
  it was a holy place , built to last thousands of years . 
  a massive stone cathedral is going to last longer than a cheap wooden house in a suburb . 
  found the 1920x1080 version [ on this site , ] ( http://www.taringa.net/posts/imagenes/18460412/wallpapers-de-cuidades-en-hd.html ) along with some other good wallpapers . 
  or stab them through the backplate , or shoot them through the chest with an arrow . 
  the most realistic approach to stealth play and full plate might be to make them extremely rare and force the player to avoid them . 
  those things would be pretty expensive and probably only worn by royal guards or high ranking nobles . 
   ca n't remember exactly what i needed to do in windhelm, 
  probably paid a visit to the aretino boy to start the brotherhood questline . 
  the head is left of the remote , turned sideways , in case anyone 's wondering . 
  the tail extends beyond the lower right corner of the image . 
  they also live in the same house . 
  most accidents and murders happen in the home . 
  hopefully not / u/anthambassador , who seems to think it 's important to know which justice was added to the supreme court in 1909 or who was president from 1837 to 1841 . 
  i 'm guessing the parrot is a monty python reference , but what 's with the cat fetching a live snake ? 
   how does one create new spells ? 
   it 's a simple matter of researching to investigate which magical effects are possible and discovering the proper method ( wand movements , mental focus , etc ) necessary to execute it . 
  there 's nothing intrinsically magical about latin incantations ; you do n't create new spells just by shouting words in latin . 
  in fact , there are spells whose incantations are in greek , arabic , portuguese , sidiki and english . 
  the incantation is there just to help you think about the spell you 're trying to cast and it 's ultimately unnecessary for experts ( see nonverbal spells ) . 
  that 's true in some cases , though . 
  fat unemployed neck-beards living in their mother 's basement are n't going to get a hot girlfriend by staying indoors and playing call of duty all day . 
  the monsters could be the bacteria , viruses and white blood cells , the treasure could be a rare gem he accidentally swallowed or something that was surgically implanted . 
  only thing missing is a shrink spell so the other players can go on adventure inside him . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yml3zsm.png ) picture , the space between the spine and ribs is wider on the t-rex , both horizontally and vertically , while the length of the space is roughly the same . 
  since they 're both apex predators in their environment , it 's fair to assume that their other organs are roughly the same size , which means the t. rex probably had a bigger stomach . 
  time travelling vikings using a stolen time machine and their superior technology to pillage the empires of the past . 
  and melting all the gold they brought back so that future archaeologists would n't figure out what happened . 
   never mind , i figured it out . 
  someone who can afford this thing probably has a 4k tv . 
  what 's your job ? 
  arms dealer ? 
   a us navy seal also died in a firefight with isis , your saying he got killed by amateurs . 
  i disagree, 
  seals are n't gods . 
  a single well-armed soldier facing down a thousand amateurs with ak47s is gon na die , no matter how much training he has . 
  same goes for the kurds . 
   i 've worked as a shipping coordinator . 
  i 've been a delivery driver . 
  i think about this idea all the time . 
  this would be a dream project for me with an unlimited budget . 
  your dream project is to indirectly fire of all your former coworkers ? 
   between 1809 and 1981 , hu\u00e9scar was at war with denmark , as a result of the napoleonic wars over spain , where denmark supported the french empire . 
  the declaration makes a bit more sense in context . 
  rather than `` let 's randomly declare war on this distant country '' it was probably more like `` our allies have declared war on this country and asks us to do the same '' . 
  fyi  18 means `` above 18 '' . 
  that said , ca n't you just talk to the people affected and explain that the characters are fictional , but based on real people for the sake of realism ? 
  the middle name could be jhonsen . 
  the second letter is similar to the h in `` til h\u00f6rer '' and the first letter is similar to the i in iver , except it extends further down . 
  it 's similar to dick tracy . 
  maybe you 're gon na be a famous detective , specializing in overly traumatic cases ?
