  yes i would like for sweden to increase defence spending to 2 % + of gdp but i would not want an eu army . 
  we 're neutral , not part of any alliance and i want to keep it that way, 
  the most logical approach !, 
  i 'm on a mission https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6c15x8/are_there_any_european_cultures_you_just_dont_like/dhr7hsr/, 
  would n't it be weekends in plural then ? 
  zebra , among other stuff like kangaroo , giraffe is on my bucket list to try . 
  had a bowl of bugs and grubbs two years ago . 
  it 's was n't bad . 
  bamboo worms was the tastiest, 
  agricultural ministry does a * census * every sixth year by sending out a survey . 
  i did n't delve deeper in exactly how that works . 
  yes that 's horse meat . 
  i wouldnt say it 's common to find in ordinary grocery stores . 
  maybe sandwich meat . 
  i 've barely seem it but i 've tasted it a few times and it 's good . 
  had to check , there are 355k horses in sweden , in 2010 it was 360k . 
  i remembered incorrectly . 
  not sure where the guardian got their numbers but the numbers i found is from sweden * agricultural ministry * ( jordbruksverket ), 
  iirc there 's 8 people for every horse in sweden and horses are n't bread to become food here . 
  if you be able to with your phone be able to control how much money is in your debit card and also if you can block withdrawal from different region is recommended . 
  also having a backup card that is n't stored with your money or passport is recommended, 
  unless you already posted in / r/backpacking i recommend your cross post there . 
  if you 're a total newbie at traveling and especially alone it can be very daunting . 
  always be aware of your backup plans and if anything changes , be sure to know what to do in certain situations . 
  like if you lose your passport . 
  what do you do . 
  know where your closest consulat or embassy is . 
  what will happen if you lose your credit/debit card . 
  will you have someone at home that will be able to wire you money to a western union , does western union exist in schweiz and austria ? 
  contingency plans for everything you ca n't do without , money , passport , communications , etc. 
  everything else is adhoc . 
  if you 're in peril , do n't tell anyone your exact situation unless absolute necessary . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's likely , but doing so may make your bad situation into a catastrophic one . 
  it you lost your phone and money , for example . 
  you will most likely be fine and i do n't want to sound like an alarmist but knowing beforehand how you will handle situations of half the battle already won, 
  bamboo worms are pretty tasty if prepared right, 
  wait , what ? 
  there 's stigma around horse meat ? 
  i recommend you take a look here . 
  it 's true , am swede , can confirm , is sneaky, 
  to be fair , is n't the pope the head of a sovereign nation and thus is visiting just like any other head visiting ? 
  it just happens to be that he has a fan club ? 
  the * weekend * makes no sense unless monday is the first day of the week . 
  by seeing other people 's answers to the question asked by op, 
  iirc you ca n't be able to identify the person which is quite the opposite of what you want with a security camera . 
  ( or google got permission ), 
  pickled herring . 
  looking forward to midsummer, 
  but you 're from andorra , ya 'll probably already know each other, 
  was in houston without a car twenty years ago . 
  can confirm, 
  most of the posts here are made by the same core group . 
  you get to know each other and we all probably share an interest of learning about other cultures . 
  dashcams yes , security cameras need a permit . 
  drones with cameras have been judged recently that they are like security cams which i think is a load if crappie since they are not autonomous . 
  they 're merely an extension of the photographer . 
  they need some to control them . 
  if drones are like that , so is a camera on a tripod and a selfie stick, 
  i knew it !, 
  chuck palahniuk - invisible monster is an amazingly written book . 
  probably, 
  is this some kind of escorts business ? 
  you make a call and the send you an * escort * ? 
  non-presliced i hope, 
  ramm ( ram ) , damm ( damb or dust ) , lamm ( lamb ) . 
  only ones . 
  remember that only three swedish words end with two * m * . 
   edit : kam , dum , rum , rim lim sim , makadam , dr\u00f6m , trim , s\u00f6m , dom , kl\u00e4m , grym , fram . 
  there are tons of words that sounds like they should end with two m which is why in school they adamantly teach you that only three words end with two m, 
  wait what ? 
  never heard of this !, 
  gl\u00f6m inte skogsturken https://youtu.be/v3vcuom-hgq, 
  i know at least three non practicing jews and you can not identify them by appearance only . 
  same thing for me , first swede , then scandinavian/nordic and lastly european . 
  we 're on the rim of europe and have an equal sentiment to brits that the continent is something they 're not part of , just like many norwegian and swedes do n't seem themselves as part of * the continent * ( but still part or europe ) ( disclaimer , the name continent in swedish is kontinenten but the seven continents are 7 v\u00e4rldsdelar ( world part ) which is why many of us say that we 're not part of the continent but still european ), 
  why not apply that reasoning to the world world ? 
  why stop at europe ? 
  you 're reason is so mind-boggling narrow-minded without any regard or real world application, 
  how would you know ?!, 
  did you read that somewhere on the internet and then without fact checking just quoted it ? 
  uhm ... a little context , please ? 
  no thanks , we all are sovereign nations with our own interests . 
  some countries in the eu are not a pure defence force, 
   so a passport is a better deal even if you are not planning to travel outside the eu . 
  but you really need an id card . 
  the amount of passports among young people is staggering , and their passport is in tatters because of it , making it invalid . 
  read about a young woman that was going to bali . 
  a week before her trip her passport * got stolen * and she had to go with a temporary passport , turns out . 
  indonesia wo n't let you in with one of those . 
  she was put on the next plane home . 
  i 'm pretty confident that she did n't get her passport * stolen * one week before leaving for her dream trip ( that close to a trip any rational person would keep the passport at home ) . 
  pretty sure she 's the kind that uses her passport as an id http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article21190790.ab the preamble says that emirates wo n't reimburse her with the quote - * the do n't give a shit about me * i know the airlines have some responsibility that customer is flying with a valid passport , which she was , emirates ca n't be held responsible because indonesia wo n't accept her passport, 
  wow . 
  our ordinary us about five days waiting . 
  emergency is five minutes, 
  yes , but not with strangers . 
  small talk with people we know is absolute fine and always done during fika . 
  `` more than three siblings '' does the 6 people families ? 
  i 'd say that 's pretty large imo, 
  what region ?
