  i have english and my secondary and it 's often a struggle to get by with even that , even if i speak it very well the person i interact with may not . 
  i think it 's one duty to speak at least two languages, 
  kind of , it 's a media converter from light to electric signals . 
  i work in the fiber business and i have never heard of anyone paying for their media converter , it 's included in the infrastructure, 
  interesting , i pay to the owner ( g\u00f6teborgs energi ) and one to the provider ( bor\u00e5s el ) ( electrics ), 
  fiber all the way into my apartment . 
  100/100 mbit , 23 $ / month , no cap . 
  big city network , no filtering and no record keeping ( bahnhof ), 
  you never ride a car even if you do n't own one ? 
  ofc not . 
  i see stuff from svt from time to time and it 's not uncommon that it gives me cramps on how obviously biased it is . 
  in sweden they claim neutrality and if you ask left leaning voters it is . 
  which makes them unconsciously unwilling to see how it 's not . 
  even such simple things at saying that some values are right or wrong implies biased, 
  is it really politically neutral ? 
  because in sweden it 's absolutely horrible . 
  ( i have n't had a tv for over ten years kw because except for the fact that i can stand commercials public tv is a joke in neutrality , 83 % of they 're employees leans left ), 
  medical reasons are exempt , like in every case . 
  just like if something else has to be done . 
  and saying that it ' a not a big deal just because it did n't feel like that for you , i can say that i have several times over more sensation on the inside of my foreskin than on the gland . 
  of course you do n't * feel * mutilated because it 's the norm for you , you never experienced anything else . 
  but just because it 's the norm does n't mean it is n't mutilation . 
  it 's doing something irreversible to someones integrity without their consent , ergo , mutilation . 
  that 's just a myth though that the extra sensation that a non mutilated penis get is not about cum easier , it 's just that the sensation from having sex is greater . 
  please watch the link i posted in the thread to see what the mean, 
  tbh , how often do people ever get negative reviews on sexually related stuff ? 
  i would recommend people to watch [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/bgotrmkrjo4 ) especially people who are pro circumcision, 
  there is , everyone should watch this https://youtu.be/bgotrmkrjo4, 
   well , only in a perfect world could people get the enjoyment or relaxation of drugs without any potentiality of harming themselves . 
  this is where i think you 're fundamentally wrong . 
  i do believe that given enough resources for research there can be drugs that are many times safer than the ones we have . 
  people will always do stupid shit but they do that sober too . 
  not every drug makes us think we 're invincible , certain drugs do certain things to our brain and body and i belive we can exclude the effects that are unwanted while also not causing addiction which is a physical response many times, 
  i have a zero tolerance about illegal substance abuse ( and would be illegal if they did n't keep changing the exact molecule ) . 
  tbh , i wish cigs and alcohol would be banned to even though i 'm an alcohol user . 
  i recognize that people , me included have a * need * to experience the sensation from time to time but i wish that the government funds the research of * safe * drugs that do n't cause addiction and psychosis , etc and then outlaw every other drug . 
  just lost a game ? 
  beautiful on the outside and heinous when there try to talk , amiright ? 
  nobody can understand what the dane is saying anyway so i would n't be too worried, 
  which is in europe, 
  since it 's both in europe and is a developed country, 
  with , bears , mosquitoes , gulag and internet, 
  i 'll have to be adamant that scandinavia is both in europe and a developed country, 
  serbia is in europe though, 
  i was joking but fair enough , 
  i know usa have some struggles right now but they are n't a developing country, 
  japan not being much of a developing country though , neither is the us, 
  paradise does n't count, 
  right now they 're everywhere , i 'm in thailand for a while . 
  back home , daily i would guess . 
  wasnt asking about tongue twisters, 
  this is probably my favorite in this thread, 
  that sounds more like a tongue twister, 
  what does it mean ? 
  exactly, 
  moved away from home five weeks after eighteen , not to study , still same city . 
  did n't get a license and a car until two weeks after turning 26 . 
  but are you gon na finnish it ? 
  countin on ya , bruh, 
  when they say it 's broken what they usually mean is that its under maintenance ( cleaning etc ) which thankfully is very often . 
  it 's just easier to say broken than explaining maintenance, 
  imagine doing a remake of s\u00e4llskapsresan ? 
  i ca n't even, 
  let me know how it went , most of the women i saw at these clubs were there with men and i can only assume partner . 
  i 'm just so curious, 
  definitely not there to pick up customers , they were patrons . 
  om not really looking for guesses but genuine answers . 
  some people are into that, 
  in swedish it 's tjeckien , nobody uses tjeckiska republiken , ever . 
  in swedish there us nederl\u00e4nderna and there is holland . 
  nederl\u00e4nderna is the correct for the whole country while holland is just part of nederl\u00e4nderna . 
  damm beat me to it , i guess you are better than us . 
  fair enough . 
  let 's just say that i had a completely different kind of swinging in mind, 
  no thanks , normaltime ( gmt +1 ) got my vote, 
  socks to be you !, 
  * bar bar bar bar bar *, 
  utter pointless in this time and age . 
  it 's just a hassle, 
  just his name makes me want to celebrate him . 
  in swedish we have two words for one ( of something ) like one banana , one apple . 
  the words are en and ett , en banan but ett \u00e4pple . 
  there is no way of telling which is which , you just know as a native . 
  the words using * en * are called n-genus while the other one is t-genus . 
  but it does n't stop there . 
  in german and english you use die/the to make something what i think is called * definit article * ( ? ), 
  it 's how you make that banana to a a specific banana : the banana . 
  in swedish you do not use the equivalent die/the , we change the ending of a word so the banana becomes bananen and the apple becomes \u00e4pplet . 
  and this is where n and t-genus come into play because just as en and ett the same decides the ending of a word to make it definite article . 
  you do n't say bananet , and to make it more confusing , you can say \u00e4pplen ( \u00e4pplet is a a specific apple ) , \u00e4pplen makes apple plural , apples . 
  i honestly do n't understand what you 're trying to say, 
  they might not be able to distinguish them by appearance but i think more swedes than not knows some of the differences . 
  i think the question is a little bit too broad to actually give a completely accurate answer . 
  norway and preferably leave the eu, 
  what 's 2 times 0.5 ? 
  the right side, 
  i think there 's an average of 2 popes per square kilometer in the vatican, 
  in swedish no distinction , it 's implicit usually, 
  how much beer can you load on to that sucker ? 
  looks like someone had nibbled on the edges on that sticker , maybe they were * hungary *,
