  this dane gets it . 
  you 're welcome to fika any time . 
  * ett par tre stycken * like in swedish , one , a pair and three :p, 
  lasers to the back instead of the front is good , check, 
  some of my swedish favourites are * suspecting/foreboding owls in the marsh/bog * and * here lies a dog buried * both of these are about something does n't seem right about the situation, 
  would google translate get it right if pressing the little speaker symbol https://translate.google.com/#nl/en/dood ? 
  is both the * d * pronounced as d in netherlandish ? 
  in swedish death is * d\u00f6d * and to kill someone is * d\u00f6da *, 
  soc-fall if you will then, 
  socfall . 
  soc is the short name for socialen/socialkontor which is the place you apply for welfare . 
  fall means like case . 
  when out together is a pretty derogatory term for welfare bum, 
  try 16 % stronger, 
  wait what ? 
  do you believe that a currency that 's get a better exchange rate against the others than is a stronger currency ? 
  currency is only worth what you can acquire with currency . 
  if you can get 10 eggs for one euro in germany but only five eggs in the uk with the pound its not a stronger currency ( very simplified ), 
  cider is very popular in sweden . 
  there are both real cider and somethung similar to cider . 
  think the difference between champagne and * champagne * that 's not allowed to me sold as champagne, 
  are you really sure about the iphone statistics ? 
  i feel that iphone is really popular here but the last numbers i saw apple only have 13 % of the market . 
  i think it 's because apple only have * the iphone * while other brands have so many different models you do n't identify that the 15 other models you saw were all samsung, 
  i just do n't see why being many is something to strive for . 
  because stockholm is a good representation for the rest of the country . 
  also , amex seems to have less than 10 % of the market in sweden and if stockholm is riddled with places that takes amex means that it 's much less outside of stockholm hence , being a novelty, 
  no age limit to buy tobacco in poland ? 
  a couple of times a month i see people vape . 
  not much at all, 
  this right here . 
  anything but mastercard and visa is a novelty, 
  we have the * christdemocrats * that always seem to cling to getting more than 4 % even though they poll well below leading up to the election . 
  having 8 parties in the parliament there is always some very tactical voting even if you like another party you understand that your party will be less powerful if another party is kicked out . 
  however the kristdemokraterna is pretty moderate and i ca n't think of any personality that 's like any of the one you mentioned . 
  i like how you think . 
  i expect a fully developed plan within three months . 
  make it happen, 
  last time a checked one in ten does not survive their five year contract, 
  i think sweden did what it had to do to keep sweden out of the war . 
  this was the primary concern for the government who actually [ restructured ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hansson_iii_cabinet ) so that all the parliament parties except the communists were in the government . 
  i would n't feel any shame for that , nothing is black and white , also , some loud people need to understand what being neutral is , sweden was n't fully neutral but many of the accusations has nothing to do with being neutral but they 're rather pissed off that sweden did n't pick a side ( and the right side ) . 
  i had to check what 11-19 looked like in estonian and it seems like it 's essential one-ten , two-ten , three-ten , four-ten hence you do n't have - teen in the name of the number 13-19 . 
  in swedish we have - ton ( elva ( 11 ) , tolv ( 12 ) , tretton ( 13 ) , fjorton ( 14 ) , femton , sexton ) so * teenager * ( ton-\u00e5ring ) is a thing here as well, 
  makes me wonder what you thought teenage meant, 
  13-19 is teenage hence thir-teen , eight-teen, 
  imo it 's unavoidable , we need this . 
  let me comfort you with a name we have here in sweden , * jerker *, 
  imo j\u00e4nkare is almost exclusively used for fifties and sixties american cars . 
  i see you rollin ', 
  is n't skagen in denmark ? 
  nah i differentiate the countries within great britain . 
  if i want to speak of all of you or ambiguously i 'll use * british * as an adjective, 
  wait what ? 
  uk is northern europe ? 
  i resent that !, 
  username checks out , guys . 
  when i was in the us and visited restaurants that have sodas that mix with tap water i thought it was something wrong with the drink that both smelled and tasted so much of chlorine . 
  lots of houses in sweden get their water from wells . 
  rural areas do n't have communal water everywhere, 
  in sweden you 're not an allowed to name your kid whatever you want . 
  the kids wellbeing is taken into account, 
  but t-shirt and no pants are ok, 
  can confirm have listened to angry norwegians and i ca n't but think of chip and dale ( disney ) love it though , of all the european languages i would love to listen to norwegian daily . 
  even different accents of it . 
  i think hungarian sounds soothing to listen to , 
  sound like something from tolkien imo . 
  beautiful also, 
  tripadviser is a really good way to find stuff you never heard of , just search around . 
  it 's what i 've done for four sea trips, 
  just for clarity , do i assume you mena 3g or 4g ( gsm is 2g and does n't support data well ) i 'm not from italy but i know that this site usually have up to date information on the worlds different countries for prepaid sim cards http://prepaid-data-sim-card.wikia.com/wiki/italy, 
  i 'll never grow up , my preferred shoe type are stunty skater shoes . 
  my all time favourite are still my 20 year old [ airwalks ] ( http://i.imgur.com/avipzl2.jpg ), 
  basshunter ? 
  swedish , scandinavian and nordic very much die to relatable . 
  european not * as * much but still a lot . 
  same . 
  firefox with noscript add on . 
  [ my reaction ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/740b8dea298f5118487d17f3b61f0999/tumblr_mi9zw8cn3n1qlvwnco1_400.gif ), 
  they 'd wait a couple of minutes before questioning if it 's broken and the drive through, 
  well do n't leave us hanging , are they ? 
  and stockholm . 
  would n't be surprised if that sentiment is present everywhere, 
  no and no, 
  this seems like it really need a some background or an explanation . 
  or you know ... * ratatouille *, 
  i did n't mean greece in particular, 
  stop dubbing media to your native language and you 're english proficiency will flourish . 
  i 'm confidant that tv and movies is the main learning source for english for swedes . 
  school is compulsory but it 's just a maximum of 2 lectures a week and it does n't * really * teach you how to interact , you mainly learn grammar ( which you really do n't use when speaking ) and some vocab, 
  i think you give too much credit on how long food will last . 
  one week without restocking shelves is what the transportation business i sweden have said before people would be upset . 
  give it a month and stores will be emptied out . 
  nah , what happens when animals do n't have food is that they do n't breed as much , it 's very connected to how much food is available and rats do n't live for long . 
  their decline will be rapid . 
  possibly a bump of more rats but since no more food is going into the system ( produced ) rats will decline, 
   i 'm also curious about the state of the eu from the everyday european perspective . 
  do you identify as an eu member less or more than you do as a citizen of your country ? 
  absolutely do not identify as a eu citizen more than a swede , and i think that goes for most of the citizens of eu . 
  eu is not a federation like the usa , it 's not a country that was starved for an identity , all countries in europe already had an identity , most of them for several centuries and some for more than a millennia .
