  but that was then and most jobs had no prerequisites and was just manufacturing jobs . 
  now most jobs here requires skills . 
   you 're suffering from `` the grass is always greener on the other side '' thinking . 
  make a list of all your problems and sufferings . 
  that number one spot is the bane of your life . 
  however , after some manoeuvring , troubleshooting and some luck that problem gets solved . 
  now your number two problem becomes your number one problem . 
  i 'm a firm believer that no matter how many number one problems you eradicate you will be equally annoyed by that one problem . 
  the thing that matters is your attitude towards your problems . 
  sweden and nordic is by no means perfect i see a many many problems with the society i live in but looking at the rest of the world , there is only a handful of countries i could even imagine myself living in and whenever i think about moving out of the country , atleast for a while or a few years i get scared into fetal position by not having universal healthcare for instance . 
  the countries i 've been thinking of moving to a few years are not first world countries what i would gain some and i would loose some . 
  i think your observation is good . 
  it is beyond me why * \u00f6ppna landskap * is something sought after . 
  i lived in sk\u00e5ne for 25 years and it 's the most bland landscape without features . 
  [ sm\u00f6gen ] ( https://blogs-images.forbes.com/annabel/files/2014/09/0909_fishing-cottages-smogen-sweden_2000x1125-1152x648.jpg ), 
  possibly the [ turning torso ] ( http://architectism.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/turning-torso-malmo-5.jpg?x15460 ) in malm\u00f6 . 
  check out this related thread from a month ago what dialect in your language are you most attracted to ? 
  sal\u00f2 , or the 120 days of sodom, 
  first film i ever watched in a cinema !, 
  [ l\u00e5t den r\u00e4tte komma in ( let the right one in ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1139797 ) i 'm not a fan of swedish film industry , it 's all cheap comedies and silly crime stories . 
  but this one when it came out blew me away . 
  it was smart , mysterious and the photography was mind blowing . 
  are n't you migrating to remote reading ? 
  i think i met a single meter reader in my whole life and that was over twenty years ago ( i think once every two years you reported your meter yourself and your invoices changed according to that , and when you move you do a last reading and pay what you owe , have n't done that since 2002 ), 
  i 'd prefer it if we continue the tradition with the monarchy . 
  i think the successor to the current regent will do a better job, 
  i 've been wondering for a while . 
  czechoslovakia were very good before they split into two countries . 
  czechs have continued to impress but slovakia is * so-so * ( world champions one time ) . 
  was it already much bigger thing in the czech part of the country before the split or was it an economical thing ? 
  ( imo only five teams have the ability to win wc ), 
  i 'm an american football watcher and luckily nobody here really cares so the games do n't get spoiled during monday ( sunday is game night ) so i can watch the games on monday after work instead . 
  it 's great, 
  how hard can it be , just gesticulate with your arms and you 're half way there, 
  1st generation i think could be exempt for that , otherwise it could be a huge hassle moving with a core family . 
   i am a big railroad ( not specifically trains ) enthusiast, 
  not much , scandinavans are genetically the most lactose tolerant people in the world while east asians iirc it can be like 50 % and sweden is around 1 % if you do n't count the circle jerk fake ones, 
  i love that second and third tier teams in giving first tier a challenge !, 
  and every once in a while they get beaten . 
  it 's like iceland during the championship in football, 
  you 're right , nobody deserves to experience the shame of being overtaken by an opel astra, 
  tbh , for the people that think all hallows eve is sacred and important , their * holliday * is soiled by halloween, 
  the swedish summers are the best . 
  but it 's too short . 
  9-10 months of summer and two months of winter would be ok . 
  i ca n't stand the cold and especially the drawn out spring and autumn sucks . 
  0 degrees is way worse than -10 . 
  i trust them pretty much to not be corrupt . 
  locally it 's probably more common but also not in with big impact . 
  the parliament is good in this regard imo . 
  however when ut comes to incompetence it is out if this world . 
  10 + years back i read somewhere sweden had the least educated parliament in either eu or western europe i ca n't remember which one . 
  intentions of wanting to do good i not enough you need to take educated guesses and not go with your gut . 
  it 's infuriating, 
  literally that name means shoulder/axle grove swine/pig-valley, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a generational thing . 
  beauty and the beast came out when i was in my teens :d, 
  so how many stones ? 
  not much , only economically and that i 'm privileged with my passport even without the eu sweden still has the second best in the world . 
  since we 're neutral i feel no connection defence-wise . 
  i do n't mind the eu exist but i 'm adamantly against federalizing to the point of anxiety . 
  fire drill maybe three times during my entire * grundskola * ( 9 first years ), 
   gaston i ca n't but think of the comic book [ character ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/a6/gastonpied.gif ) that i read when i was younger, 
   astrid , for example , was pretty popular for girls in the '70s and '80s here when i 've seen other popular names for people my age and a little lower from other countries i instantly relate them to oldies . 
  the names popularities has it 's cycle and they do n't match over country borders i 've noticed . 
  i think it 's fascinating it 's hard not to think of astrid as a old persons name because of the author astrid lindgren, 
  let 's remove 11 of september and give it to february, 
  wow , for an empire where the sun never sets and in essence ruling most of the world it seems like it needs more than * glossed over *, 
  the metal scene isnt big in denmark compared sweden and norway who does have mountains . 
  it means crown, 
  but ... 
  but ... carls berg ? 
  found the nord . 
  when i go to the tropics i have the ac on while i 'm awake but usually either turn it off or sets the thermostat a couple of degrees higher or i 'll freeze to death . 
   it is believed that it 's not healthy to sleep with an ac on as long as it 's not a [ fan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fan_death ), 
  i said twenty years ago that in within fifty years china will sail up as the driving global super power while usa will become more isolationistic and stop caring what goes on outside their borders . 
  much like they were before the great war . 
   you always sound extremely happy , that 's ** exactly ** how i experience norwegians, 
  i rapidly exhaled through my nose reading your comment, 
  no no no . 
  my mom was 17 in the sixties with my half brother ( still illegal with abortion unless unusual circumstances which it was but both the consultant and her mother talked her into keeping it ) my dad was 27 when he became a dad, 
  its independent of language , it 's how the rest of the worlds views america as a ( 2 ) continent . 
  not a country . 
  i can only guess but * the americas * is probably just used in america . 
  where in come from its america , and everyone from the continents are americans . 
  and when your talking about both north and south america it 's simply america . 
  let it go you ca n't hog the name america to your self . 
  it belongs to anyone from the continents, 
  it would be like a country in europe became federal states of europe and started calling themselves europeans while the rest of the europeans would n't be allowed to call themselves europeans by that new country . 
  just becsuse citizens of usa calls themselves americans does n't mean the rest of the world sees them as americans in any other context as being on on the american continents . 
  to me and many others american is not exclusively for citizens of usa but for everyone from the continents, 
   american works fine for people from those continents, 
  first of all . 
  europeans are very proficient in english while the rest of the world is n't apart from the countries that has it as a first language . 
  which makes it even possible to interact on a broad scale between europeans and usanians . 
  this is the prime reason it 's happening at all . 
  also we have similar standards of living so it 's easy to argue between the too * which is better * when there is no clear objective winner . 
  from my perspective usanians are conditioned to think they live in the greatest country in the world and it 's so easy to get a rouse out of them when you claim they are n't . 
  [ siouxsie ] ( https://youtu.be/amr6-neqbpe ) is that you ? 
  harry potter fanfic , amirite ?
