  yes , that one . 
  it 's just like 80-90 pages iirc you do that in one sitting, 
  maupassant was part of my reading list in high school . 
  not sure what the original title was but it was about a bunch of people in a horse drawn carriage and this fat lady who brought food while the aristocrats did n't . 
  i belive the translation would since there is probably no obstacles in translations between scandinavian languages, 
  when i was on school it was part of the soviet union . 
  sorry to say we did n't learn anything about lithuania, 
  so in reality they tell you about it , teach implies that you learned something edit : for being obsessed with ancestry calling yourself polish american , italian america etc you 're not very educated on europe, 
  austria with neighbors, 
  i was reluctant with the first two , at the third i gave up . 
  too absolute answers avaliable . 
  ca n't answer these, 
  it 's not just about the actions but her whole disposition on the concept of smoking, 
  yeah that was the second time i heard about wendigo . 
  the one with actor carlyle from around 2000 ? 
  i know that werewolf : the apocalypse took wendigo from north american myth but i thought it be more likely that * young * swedes knew about wendigo because of the game than any other reason . 
  remember that you ca n't give * less * than a one so in * reality * you should subtract a whole point from their rating, 
  possibly unrelated question . 
  do you play role playing games ? 
  is really though ? 
  if a woman that om attracted to turns out to be a smoker my attraction is gone . 
  i 've removed myself from hitta , eniro etc. 
  so in my case i wo n't, 
  so who 's your favourite ? 
  i never heard of this system and we do not have it in my apartment complex in semi central gothenburg and * allm\u00e4nnyttan *, 
  whenever i hear dutch abroad without listening my first reaction is * hey , a swede * and then i try to hear what they 're saying and it 's just gibberish with some words being understood, 
  tbf , some of the words are actual words . 
  like the patriots and the cowboys op mentioned are among the most successful in american football, 
  i 've consciously taken a step back from every news outlet there is . 
  i use to be a news junkie , although i stopped watching tv 10 + years ago i still read newspapers ( digital and paper ) but two years ago i took the decision after an awesome vacation to the end of the world that i would not be reading any more news . 
  my quality of life have improved a lot since then . 
  i still see that stuff happens and if there is something that i really want to know more about i seek up information on it . 
  i 'm not sure i get it, 
  which is why i have stopped using r/europe, 
  how will a tsunami actually turn out for the netherlands, 
  somatollarna back in the 80s there were tits shown i the mermaid without any concern . 
  1000 paces ? 
  nobody takes 6 foot steps dude . 
  and temperature , it does n't matter if freezing point is 0 , 100 or 576 . 
  it 's all a learned behavior . 
  if f would be a superior system , how come nobody else in the world have problem not using it ? 
  but it 's not what you do in real life when you approximat which is what you do when someone asks . 
  25 sounds way bigger than 10 though, 
  the question should really be why americans are stubborn enough to think their system is great . 
  and the only answer is , * because they 're used to it * and it 's a the best excuse you can come up with because any other argument is moot, 
  like how many square inches in a square foot ? 
  square cm in a square meter ? 
  easy, 
  what difference does it make ? 
  it 's still the same length no matter what system you use . 
  that s own how you do it inperial either . 
  you do n't add ne foot plus one foot plus one foot . 
  you make a assumption that form here to there is about 30-40 feet just like the rest of the world make an assumption that from here to there is 10-12m . 
  just like you do . 
  you do n't care about a foot being a foot . 
  you do n't imagine a foot after foot after a foot thinking about distance . 
  you learn by experience that this distance is so and so long . 
  and it does n't matter if the arbitrary length is 30.5 cm or 1m . 
  it 's arbitrary, 
  it 's easy to read something wrong when the poster is very specific . 
  can happen to most of us . 
  secretly i 'm counting on your cheer anyway, 
  secretly i 'm counting on your cheer anyway, 
  i 'm not talking about rankings , i mean that apart from russia , canada , czechs , sweden and finland there is practically no chance for any other team to win . 
  there is a fluke every now and then . 
  last time a team won that was n't them was fifteen years ago . 
  rankings are misgivings in this kind of statement because one of the five teams can get knocked out because of another team from the five and it 'll skew the rankings . 
  edit : and the time before that was in 1960 ( i 'm going to count soviet union as russia and czechoslovakia as czech in this regard ), 
  except for flukes , there are really just five teams that can win the world cup in ice hockey, 
  autocorrect , i meant * what * is v4, 
  why is v4 ? 
  none , but where i travel there are a lot of chinese tourist and they are according to western values very rude, 
  dafuq is sj\u00f6scouterna ? 
  whenever i go travel , the most loud ones are americans . 
  not every american is loud , but the people are loud you can bet your tush they 're american, 
  yeah and i think it * helps * that they get danish tv channels down there and all along the norwegian border you get norwegian tv . 
  this was when there was practically just two swedish channels so 1/3 of the channels were danish or norwegian . 
  also . 
  dad worked on the boats to denmark so i 've been there easily a hundred times, 
  iceland is like the infant among the preteen siblings of the other four nordic countries . 
  nobody picks on iceland because hes so tiny and cute . 
  tbh , i think it depends on where you live . 
  im from the most southern part and feel zero connection with finland and was an adult before i realized that there even was one still ( i did know the historical but that was like 200 years ago ) . 
  parents are from the west coast and same thing with norway if not more, 
  iirc when multilingual toothpaste text for example swedish is always by itself while dk and no is the same, 
  yeah i just meant that you could n't get the exact same spelling as op requested, 
  swedish and dk/no spelling differ quite a lot and we do n't even have the same alphabet i think . 
  danes gave \u00e6 we have \u00e4 , danes have \u00f8 we have \u00f6 and danes do n't have \u00e5 iirc , they just spell it with two a ( aa ), 
  sorry , could n't read danish instructions, 
  might be beer ... 
  everyone knows but some refuse to acknowledge . 
  that 's all i have to say . 
  i draw the line at where europe is * technically * do n't care what 's culturally or historically , only technically , and the whole country needs to be part of europe to be considered for eu membership . 
  ca n't understand why uk thinks they 're not part of europe when iceland is . 
  uk is europe, 
  the technical definition , what else ? 
  east london ? 
  i ca n't even tell if you re trolling or not, 
  as i travel a lot my first thing is that absolute disregard and arrogance and lack of humility when single language speakers do n't want to learn another language . 
  you go to other countries and you expect people to understand you .
