  later you solve that problem , woohoo . 
  no more pesky problem ... 
  except number two on that let slides i as your number one problem . 
  even though it was n't * as * bad as number one , it 's still your worst problem and the cycle repeats itself, 
  minnesotan , do you speak it ? 
   swedes and english , step forward ... what ? 
  it 's not like they flew extremely low , very fast and manhattan is full of skyscrapers blocking line of sight, 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen any in my friends cupboard . 
  i 've never even contemplated the thought of getting one . 
  * maybe i should get one ... * there , i did it . 
  no the blood donation thing was unrelated to the conspiracies . 
  it was just the dumbest thing he said . 
  i get that people do n't want to donate blood for some reasons , but this one ? 
  in 2014 sweden had a total of 111 wounded by gun shot . 
  there are ofc cutting and other stuff too but the chances of your blood ending up in a criminal is mind boggling . 
  but then again , he could 've meant someone that has committed a crime ( but getting wounded or operated on in an unrelated situation ) edit : or , it can be even more crazy , and like you proposed , i did n't ask him about it , i just shook my head in disbelief and continued working, 
  reddit has trouble parsin url 's with parenthesis , not sure if there 's a workaround, 
  he 's all in with all the conspiracy theories . 
  he 's one of those guys that believe they are much smarter than the average and had * seen through the veil * i stopped listening after a fifteen minutes, 
  i met one just last week at my job . 
  he dropped this one me . 
  also here , although buffalo is a brand . 
  i think all similar shoes went by the name, 
  not an ethnicity though, 
  can you show a picture what they look like . 
  what 's kelly family . 
  for the record , i find stavanger dialect the most attractive one . 
  yeah  +1, 
  i like your post but i 'm purely downvoting it because you neither divulge your origin or have a flair, 
   however what they had in common were dark hairs and eyes . 
  well it certainly helps with the attractiveness when they have eyes . 
  so / u/bobkellylikes asians ? 
  if you ca n't figure out how that plays out on your own i can not explain it to you in a way that you will understand, 
  because even cavemen society had * regulations * . 
  i 'm sorry , i thought you were stating an opinion and not an explanation why adults cut of pieces of babies . 
  i saw your quoted text now . 
  some still do ... 
  you do n't clean your junk ? 
  because we non-circumcised dudes certainly do . 
  mutilating someone who ca n't object just so parents do n't have to clean a babies junk is pretty damn arrogant * stop calling it mutilation bla bla bla * however you toss and turn it , technically in every sense of the word , it 's mutilation , and just because it 's been in your culture for a 100 + years does n't make it ok . 
  if you 're so ok with it why are you having such a hissyfit when it 's done to girls ? 
  it 's worse , but it does n't matter , you 're still cutting something of someones body who ca n't consent or say no . 
   just look at the ears of baby girls yeah that wo n't feel strange at * all * . 
  try talking your way out of that as an almost 40-year old guy . 
  your survivability is close to zero in no regulation world . 
  it 's the most environmentally friendly choice / s, 
   most would get italy though , it 's the one shaped like a boot . 
  any place you can buy spare parts to car . 
  battery water to top of your car battery is distilled water and its way cheaper than anywhere else . 
  a litre for 2 $, 
  i assume you translate from german where a * rund reise * is where you travel around the destination ? 
  ( same in swedish ) in english a round trip is to your destination and back . 
  i 'd love to go down in the south countries on the step and savannah, 
  what 's your next big trip ? 
  my dad was super awesome in that regard . 
  he was like an encyclopedia and knew * everything * and for a 4-5 year old that actually getting answers i was in heaven . 
  ( he was sailor on the 7 seas ), 
  nobody * misses * kansas, 
  all is good and well when the countries pop up that you hear about almost daily , it 's the odd ones out that get you . 
  most of us know where cali , texas , hawaii , alaska , florida is , it 's iowa , idaho , wyoming and new england that gets you . 
  when i went to school it was yugoslavia , czechoslovakia , soviet union . 
  still struggling with the former republics of yugoslavia, 
  do , re , mi , fa es , la , li, 
  * insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  not in the sense as jews and muslims do it . 
  puritans , crusade against masturbation . 
  the same person that was the driving force of non-religious circumcision was also trying to get parents to mutilate their girls using acid on their clitoris, 
  no rectangle countries :p, 
  imo geopgrahy is ( or atleast has been ) a big part in the swedish school curriculum but we at least did n't spend much time on the states , just countries, 
  that 's pretty damn embarrassing . 
  australia ? 
  is that some inside joke where usa today mixed them up ? 
   as i 'm fully aware , majority of europeans are n't circumcised as they ** believe it is genital mutilation ** which i have to agree with . 
  that 's not why though . 
  usa and somewhat canada is the only first world countries that do non-religious circumcision of boy en masse . 
  we just do n't see any reason to do it i always enjoy [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcswbtv3hng ) pretty snarky explanation and [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/bgotrmkrjo4 ) is the reason you should n't do it unless it 's necessary, 
  belgium , that 's in serbia right ? 
   the quiz also did an evil move on me by asking me to click iceland right after the nearly identically spelled ireland . 
  that 's how they get you !, 
  iceland/ireland . 
  til , i 'm not a true gothenburger, 
  i know which one 's slovenia because it 's closest to the rest of western europe and is why they did n't sustain * much * casuaties when they broke from yugoslavia . 
  i know croatia worked as buffert zone , so i got those to pegged down . 
  then montonegro is the other seasize state . 
  then macedonia has got to be the one closests to greece or otherwise they would n't get such a hissyfit about it . 
  then it 's down to serbia , bh and kosovo and kosovo has got to be the smallest one ... then i always mess up bh and serbia, 
  look at the time , it 's super late in europe , it 's like even dark outside edit : i 'm not [ pleased ] ( https://i.imgur.com/w5mqpma.png ) 70 % edit 2 : i 'd love to see the americans do this as well and see how they 're doing . 
  new england is just a cluster fuck and tom brady is not god !, 
  that 's absolutely true , but i was mostly curious about you guys , not average joe because i pretty certain they wo n't be able to pin most of them, 
  my trick to remember which of the baltic countries are which , is that when they are all named in a sentence they always come in the same order , and that order is from north to south estland , lettland , litauen . 
  i 'd assume it would be easy to do in english as well . 
  * a sliver of hope *, 
  that 's not cheating , that 's being a well informed individual !, 
  intuitively i 'd say * very * at least in the major cities , i ca n't say for sure in the rural areas but i think we 're pretty progressive on that part . 
  most of the busses and trams in gothenburg are made for that . 
  i did a little bit of google fu and [ lonley planet ] ( http://www.lonelyplanet.com/sweden/travellers-with-disabilities ) praises us apparently . 
  -- * sweden is one of the easiest countries in which to travel around in a wheelchair . 
  people with disabilities will find transport services , ranging from trains to taxis , with adapted facilities -- contact the operator in advance for the best service . 
  * * public toilets and some hotel rooms have facilities for those with disabilities ; hotels in sweden ( www.hotelsinsweden.net ) indicates whether hotels have adapted rooms . 
  some street crossings have ramps for wheelchairs and audio signals for visually impaired people , and some grocery stores are wheelchair accessible .
