  well that 's pretty much up to the person that forced you in the first place maybe . 
  i myself would love to vote online but i 'm oppose it because of practical issues that ca n't guarantee the will of the voter, 
  the problem with online voting is that you ca n't guarantee that the person throwing the vote is actually the person eligible for voting . 
  just an example , patriarchal fairly forcing the woman to vote for something she would n't want to . 
  oh look at you mr fancy multitasker , bragging about it is not the swedish way . 
  at least you had the modesty to tell us about your failure . 
  the cold war history has always appealed to me , especially the 50s and 60s area . 
  european 1600 to 1900 does nothing for me , not even was sweden were doing well, 
  second fewest traffic deaths per capita in the world, 
  wait what ? 
  you 're a dude ? 
  maybe thata why you 're being hit on ? 
  i 've been thinking you were a dudette for quite a while now, 
  what country are you talking about ? 
  ( please fix your flair ), 
  do you dub english speaking tv ? 
  i 've actually have had the urge to ask single language speakers in / r/askuk ( if there is such a subreddit ) if they feel any shame/embarrassment when they go abroad and have to rely on the destination speaking their second language to communicate with them . 
  but i 'm not sure how i would go about without them thinking i 'm trolling . 
  i 'm genuinely curious and not out of spite, 
  remember that as you grow older yout brain is n't as spungy when it comes to languages . 
  but it 's still fascinating, 
  is english on the curriculum from grade two now days ? 
  it was grade four when i went but that was thirty years ago . 
  sweden only makes comedies and crime stories . 
  script writers absolutely suck at writing dialog and actors suck at delivering them because they are all stage actors . 
  subtle acting is n't part of their vocabulary, 
  which is why they asked where you came from because in the transit hall they have no way of telling you were you came from . 
  i pronounced it miimii before meem, 
  well * are * you having a good time ? 
  for what it 's worth , i did n't down vote you and i 'm actually surprised that you were, 
  just got an email today that emirates is again travellers choice https://www.tripadvisor.se/travelerschoice-airlines-a_mode.expanded i singapore that came in as number two can confirm . 
  i fly singapore whenever i can, 
  i even forgot that alitalia existed . 
  i look at flights often and not once have they come up as an alternative . 
  never heard of it . 
  i recognize the style but interior design is a big thing in scandinavia, 
  on a more philosophical note , does the human race even deserve to prevail if a third world war breaks out ? 
  silly me did n't even think about having conscription and it not being a strict defense force or possibly peacekeeping missions but only for volunteers, 
  [ hanabi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzlk3rhbpci ) it 's a reverse memory cooperative game for 2-5 players where you see all your team mates card but your own and with just clues given to you by your team mates to placed the right card on the table . 
  you can only do 3 actions during your turn . 
  * you can place down a card hoping that it will fit * you can give a team mate a clue * you can discard a card to get back one clue token there are five colours ( red , green , blue , yellow and white ) and five values ( 1-5 ) , you 're suppose to place first the number 1 of a colour and then 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 . 
  when you give a clue you can only tell the person that for instance that `` theese two cards are threes '' or these 3 cards are green . 
  and by making assumptions by looking at your opponents card you can make out that the five you have , is not green , blue , white or yellow because your opponents are showing those on their hands, 
  very hard to choose since * euro games * ( board games ) are considered the best in the world . 
  there are just too many to choose from puerto rico has topped the charts for many years and just recently started to drop because better games competing for top position -- definition : * a eurogame , also called a german-style board game , german game , or euro-style game , is a class of tabletop games that generally have indirect player interaction and abstract physical components . 
  euro-style games emphasize strategy while downplaying luck and conflict . 
  they tend to have economic themes rather than military and usually keep all the players in the game until it ends . 
  * * eurogames are sometimes contrasted with american-style board games , which generally involve more luck , conflict , and drama . 
  * * eurogames are usually less abstract than chess , but more abstract than wargames . 
  likewise , they generally require more thought and planning than party games , such as pictionary or trivial pursuit , but less skill than classic strategy games , such as chess and go . 
  * source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurogame, 
  tbh i was n't thinking of someone in particular , it 's just that i 've seen some shitposts for a long while that at least to me is obvious to stir shit up just for funsies . 
  it could be eight , i was just guestimating because 12 is a common number of plates in peoples cupboards , 
  if you make fun of them they 're still content , they do not care * what * is written , they care about * something * is written at all, 
  it depends what mood i 'm in and what kind of establishment it is . 
  if u make ett eye contact with the staff you can see if it 's necessary or not, 
  iirc ( where i 'm from ) if there are more than twelve people being served its ok to start eating because the food wood get cold otherwise, 
  what else is there to talk about ? 
  ca n't confirm , have n't met dutch people on my travels , or the statement is false !, 
  every pair of pages have zoomed in swedish city illustrated with something thats iconic for that city . 
  like . 
  malm\u00f6 has turning torso and g\u00e4vle has the christmas ram ( ? ), 
  all in pastelle colours . 
  damn right there is , in the past 15 years i 've only been in denmark , finland and sweden that is inside europe . 
  all my travels are transcontinental, 
  i do n't understand why people think that * daddy humor * is restricted to gothenburg . 
  imo it 's how dads try to be funny , not a region, 
  read through you 're comment looking for what bad you could write about us and was like . 
  * huh * . 
  i travel somewhat frequently and i 'm much more outgoing than when i 'm at home . 
  especially when i travel by myself i had the best experience because you 're * forced * to talk to stagers a lot, 
  chinese are rude , do n't greet , do n't say sorry , do n't say thank you . 
  americans are loud and behaves like everyone should speak english with them even though they did n't try to learn a second language russians are awful towards service personell . 
  and i assume it 's newly rich russians that have an image of thata how rich people can and should behave, 
  there is always , and not only for prisons , the * what 's fair * vs * what 's beneficial * . 
  if a robber gets sent to jail is only punished it 's much more likely that he will keep committing crimes increasing the number if victims . 
  it 's much more beneficial to society of that person not doing that and if the path to that is that the first victim does n't get * his revenge * then so be it . 
  sure the gut feeling says that that it 's wrong , but the practical sensible thing to do is trying to make them not doing it again without them costing taxpayers a bunch for keeping them prison . 
  everybody wins and the feeling of * revenge * is pretty empty one and seldom actually makes the victim feel better in the long run, 
  rigid . 
  apart from the theory test and the 40 minute driving test you also have to spend like half a day at the * skid track * where you learn to recover . 
  it took me about 3 months to get my license edit : the theory test is a multiple choice on a computer , you have to have less than 13 mistakes out of 65 i think . 
  before they remade the test 15 ( ? ), 
  years ago it was multiple choice * but * one , two , three or all four of the choices could be right and you had to get them the whole question right so instead of just one in four it could be 15 different combinations . 
  the skid track is usually a track with tarmac agree they constantly spray a layer of water all over . 
  it 's essentially makes you hydroplane and you have to drive around obstacles ( cones ) while . 
  the car will loose its grip very easily after you get your license you 're on probation for two years , if you do an infraction so severe that a person without probation will loose his license for x months a person on probation will loose his license until he retake all the tests . 
  there are no other limitations to the license, 
  skyscanner.com is a service i used for several flights and it worked great . 
  however , it 's just a * congregate * ( ? ), 
  that checks a lot of different ticket sellers and some of them can be questionable . 
  when booked i did it on the airlines own page but through skyscanner . 
  i think finnair through helsinki is a good option because it 's more or less on the way . 
  someone else suggested aeroflot but there is no way i fly with them , take a look at the fail rate of their airplane compared to other non-russian companies edit : checking skyscanner on those dates from vienna to tokyo through istanbul costa about 5500euro, 
  not a european county . 
  nuf said, 
   i would like if a person commenting without a nation flair gets a automod message that reminds them to set a flair . 
  this . 
  i can even downvote a person for a missing flair because they answer something about their own country without ever stating what country it is and a missing flair . 
   i watched a perfectly legitimate question drift between 0-2 votes all day to be fair , i think that 's just how reddit works , it will constantly give threads and comments random +1 -1 just so you ca n't actually be certain if you 're being downvoted or upvoted,
