   on another note , does n't finlandssvenskar ( born in 1980 +  speak finnish as well as swedish . 
  tbh , i think i 'm among the oldest regulars in askeurope, 
  uno dos tres , catch a spaniards by the dos , if he * qu\u00e9s * let him go, 
  absolutely not a dane speaking english . 
  listen to him use the letter h like in have , it 's almost gargling , not how danes pronounce h, 
  might as well if you 're going to communicate in english, 
  i was like : yeah , but how much hassles is it to exchange money every dam ... then i remembered . 
  yes i 'm old ... ish, 
  they just ribbentrop-molotov : ed europe, 
  i 'm just assuming it 's ice hockey . 
  15 % of nhl players are swedish and more or less only five teams that can win world championship but the second and third tier teams are really getting better . 
  it 's cool to see germany , switzerland , latvia playing as good as they do, 
  but these search words were searched by women . 
  i think there is a large amateur/homemade community that claim to be * arab * . 
  rule 34 and all that, 
  i 'm not sure where in sweden you live . 
  i come from the far sour and there are feral cats that everywhere . 
  you know all those cats that are abandoned after the summer that you read about ? 
  they do n't all starve to death and they are having kittens that are brought up . 
  without human interaction . 
  also cats , as long as they can find a spot to hide they can manage -20, 
  rammstein ranks at number one on my concert performances . 
  outside in 1997 on hultsfred festival . 
  this was the year they internationally broke through ( sehnsucht released later that year ) and they were appointed to play on * lilla dansbanan * which was a very small and wooden scene until the organizers saw what their performance was like . 
  they were replanted to play on the second largest scene but after midnight because of scheduling . 
  the cloth in front of the speakers caught fire and the stage men ran over the stage with extinguisher just as the other side also caught fire and the stage hand running back over the stage . 
  it was a cool experience because most people did n't know who they were . 
  but what was the reason ? 
  i never liked his personality , it just rubs the wrong way for me but hes been ranked as one of the best players in the world . 
  it 's pretty impressive because he 's pretty big and the things he does while aerial is pretty impressive . 
  i bet he has had martial arts training at some point . 
  no never , only good experience , even when i was above the speed limit in my car . 
  they 're doing their job . 
  andersson and johansson is almost the same right now , it used to be johansson for many years, 
  it 's just funny that svensson is n't the most common family name in sweden . 
  on / r/backpacking ? 
  `` military action by our nation is often necessary to protect it . '', 
  wow , such america , much fighting . 
  pretty obvious the test is from a usanian standpoint . 
  i 'm just going to assume that it says usa 's military instead of ours and answer accordingly `` my nation is great '' is this trolling ? 
  really ? 
  again , going to assume it says `` is usa great '' `` my religious values should be spread as much as possible '' [ the american taliban ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygavwsp86hy ) i 'm sorry , i ca n't continue , i 'm at question 31 and i 'm grabbing my * sk\u00e4mskudde *, 
  you 're welcome https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ophhtm3zuv8, 
  cats : there are a bunch of cats , you see them sometimes . 
  dogs : there is literally not a single stray dog in the entire country, 
  national police commissioner is a politically appointed which is what you do in * idealogical states * and have no place in a land as sweden . 
  because v is pronounced with a little mix of * f * in some languages ( and ours use to spell fv in many words ) . 
  i have no idea if that 's why , but it 's a thought ( called schweden in german and germany pronounces v as f ), 
  but in 20 + words and a lot of gestures ? 
  i see no problem with sweden . 
  ca n't expect someone to pronounce sverige with that spelling and get it right, 
  do you want an american to get an aneurysm because that 's how you give an american an aneurysm . 
  promiscuity . 
  sure imo were sexualy liberated and much less shame about sex but we 're not slutty, 
  i 've been thinking about this and if i would revive my it career and work long distance i 'd probably go for somewhere down in south east asia ( bali , thailand , philippines ) . 
  i could probably manage by working a day , a day and half on average to get a neat living standard . 
  work for 3 weeks , just lounge around for 3 months . 
  of course my pension would be absolutely shitty if i 'd do that long term or did n't privately save pension fund or australia if i would be eligible, 
  iirc student apartments in my city ( g\u00f6teborg ) student rooms ( dorm ) is at least 300 $ per month but utilities is includes in that . 
   depending on your situation you can also get financial help if your rent is high and you lack other forms of income . 
  this aid varies from 0 ( you ca n't get it ) to about $ 130 per month . 
  live , compared to the rest of europe , living costs are high . 
  * existential minimum * in sweden is around 800-900 $ ( depending on rent and stuff ), 
  that 's my assumption, 
   edit : did you study at ubc ? 
  i just follow a vancouver vlogger that attended ubc . 
  crazy expensive city, 
  too expensive with car for me now ( still own one ) right now i 'm riding a bus or a tram for about 15 minutes . 
  my workplace changes through the city, 
  but do you live in the bush too in finland ? 
  i know it 's not like in fargo i 'm gothenburg but i 've visited the countryside and they 're pretty damn nice, 
   ranks high in all the good lists . 
  humble not being one of those lists , 
  are you saying you 're not polite ? 
  from what i understand it 's relatively jante in those states also . 
  and the classic [ power of the negative ] ( https://youtu.be/vm-mrkojpc8 ) is pretty scandinavian is n't it ? 
  puch dakota , several of my classmates had one . 
  yeah my moped i bought in 1993 ( honda mt5 ) also had a split petrol and oil tank . 
  there is a word for it , * industrisemester * ( industrial vacation ) and is usually the month of july for four weeks . 
  most manufacturing and in some sense blue collar jobs are entirely closed down for the month . 
  ~ ~ i belive petrol driven garden tools can be two-stroke where i live . 
  not a huge motor guy but are n't mopeds two-stroke ? ~ ~ completely missed what the question was really about, 
  funny , in the fifties men were named with - y way more likely to have done time in prison by a factor of 3 iirc . 
  conny , sonny , lenny , kenny , ronny , benny and so om . 
  of course it depends on where you go in south east asia . 
  but the places i 've chosen to go to are places that i feel safe . 
  philippines for example which is probably coming up next year i 'll be a lot more weary than is have to be in for example singapore , thailand and bali . 
  i use a sponge as my primary and the brush as a compliment . 
  most of friends use a brush primarily . 
  i prefer a sponge especially with glasses . 
  itt : american/english named are all considered trashy in europeans countries, 
  i got a slap from my dad once when i was two ( has been told , do n't remember ) mom told him that he would never ever do that again * or else * . 
  parents born in 1950 and was spanked growing up , i 'm born in late 70s, 
  funny that you would ask because just a week ago i was doing some work in this building http://i.imgur.com/dkcrnwh.jpg i lived in this city for fifteen years and i had no idea we had this . 
  swedish schools i think stagger their easter because both friday and consecutive monday is a holliday . 
  also in late february there is a `` sports holiday '' i think is staggered over three weeks . 
  sports holiday is when the municipals arrange a whole bunch of s tivitirs that school kids can try . 
  head on the nail . 
  https://youtu.be/3hvrcnkl9rm . 
  so star spangled awesome,
