  some are subjective and can be expressed in words . 
  / r/askeurope have a higher standard of users than most others subreddits imo . 
  tbh ... maybe it should !, 
  better get those grain wagons out of dragonfires way , winter 's coming !, 
   what the hell kind of questions are these ? 
  duuude , do n't shatter his perspective of european culture !, 
  it happens but it 's very rare . 
  i 'm a guy and i rarely venture into the nightlife of gothenburg where i think it 's the most prominent but i have n't heard any cat calling in years so compared to * some * other countries i think it 's much less, 
  * awaits denmarks brainmelt where they have to admit they love us * i love all three neighbours , i 'm happy that we 're squeezed in between all three of them like some sweet nordic incestuous orgy that would make rr martin blush . 
  iceland is still too young to join but soon enough . 
  there is always something to be envious of you 're neighbours and i 'm sure it 's mutual even if they do n't admit it . 
  they do n't talk about that, 
   / u/werkstadt : a swede with a german username ? 
  also that guy is * everywhere * everywhere ? 
  funny , it was the 80 part i could n't remember from her username, 
   they have to be transported by helicopter from restaurants in the valley . 
  for every order ? 
  swedish , english , c++ , visual basic . 
  does dumpert mean what it looks like it means ? 
  to note is that flashback was even around before they were on internet . 
  both as a bbs ( bulletin board system , it was like sites but you called a specific number with your modem ) and also as a magazine, 
  iirc as far south as new york has experienced northern light, 
  lived in sweden for close to forty years , never seen northern light :(, 
   speed limit low though , 110 for the most part with 120 on newly built stretches . 
  e6 between varberg and hallands\u00e5sen it 's also 120 , been around for decades, 
  oh we have different amounts of amperage fuses some go up to 4600w . 
  it 's just that mine is 10a, 
  if i believe both of them would be ** equally ** bad , why not ? 
  ( i firmly belive clinton should 've been indicated and trump should need a psych eveluation ) i would prefer bernie but that ship have sailed, 
  my travels usually is one or two days of day trips and one day of leisure locally at and around my accommodation . 
  i 'm not concerned with language barrier ( that seems to be exclusive to people from countries who have a world language as a primary language ) single words and gesticulating works fine most times . 
  and with smart phones and google translate in your pocket is an extra safety feature . 
  i do not buy package travels . 
  first i make a list of places i would like to go during that period , i check flights on skyscanner to get a feel of what price estimate is expected . 
  then i keep looking for a few weeks to see if prices fluctuate . 
  when i 'm satisfied with the price i go through skyscanner to ticket.se which is a travel agency which is the only one i book long haul flights hrough because of their * ticket guarantee * where you can cancel your flights 3 before departure . 
  after booked flights i check for accommodation through airbnb and agoda . 
  i never book anything that has a user rating of less than 8.0 it 's a little bit of a gamble , on my last trip the cheapest place ( in chiang rai ) was the place i appreciated the most . 
  right now i 'm in the process of cancelling my bali trip because my travel partner ca n't go anymore ( booked 5 months ago , also a reason to book with tickets guarantee ) . 
  i 'm looking at northern thailand , northern laos and cambodia, 
  fascinating and intriguing , especially in a psychological observer perspective . 
  my fuses would would like to have a word with you . 
  ( maximum i can draw is sadly 2300w and that 's if i do n't use anything else ), 
  gas is better than an electric stove but electric kettle is iirc at least twice as energy efficient as gas ( talking about wattage only ) price wise i do n't know , we only did calculations on the physics part . 
  i was about to say that centrally produced electricity is always better but then i remembered that we 're lucky that we do n't use any fossil fuels to produce electricity except for incineration of trash which is so little compared to other means . 
  ( 45 % hydro 45 % nuclear and the remaining 10 % is mostly renewable ), 
  i wished for trump for one simple reason . 
  they 're equally had but at least trump would be more entertaining, 
  no problem here that i know of but we also have swish . 
  supereasy transfer if money through an app, 
  also here, 
  what 's wasteful is that a pot requires 3-4 times as much energy as an electric kettle, 
  i 've only been to bali which is very different from the rest of indonesia when it comes to the people . 
  south east asia is what i 'm looking at for the past years when i 'm going to go travel . 
  i was going to go again in october but plans just fell through and i need to find another destination ( i want to save bali for when i have company ) . 
  and i always find it interesting to hear about old colonies . 
  that 's sweet . 
  should we all subscribe to / u/same humbug nephews channel ? 
  i asked about english speaking though, 
  do you have kids ? 
  this right here . 
  i think afrikaans souns super awesome . 
  like a hybrid from from something you might understand to something completely alien . 
  that you said and also that it 's very bipolar , rarely and gradients . 
  i 've seen a couple of wolters . 
  he 's pretty likeable , but a little bit ignorant or it 's just an overdramatization of what * is * and what * is n't *, 
  wow , thank you for your answer . 
  i 've been to thailand twice ( recently ) , never to cambodia but i 've been following a travel vlogger and what you said in your first paragraph about the comparance between cambodia and thailand is actually 100 % the opposite what you 're experience is . 
  i find that interesting . 
  looking at plane tickets from the two airports that i can fly from . 
  hanoi and bkk are the cheap ones while vientiane and phnom penh as the expensive ones i 'm thinking of flying into either bkk or vietnamn and then onward . 
  i have about three weeks so not enough time to visit all four countries in any meaningful way . 
  i made a [ route ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kocemgc.png ) two years ago but it needs atleast five weeks to complete . 
  i still have some time to plan before buying tickets . 
  how did you like indonesia ? 
  i 'm going back to sea in october , my plans for bali just fell through and i 'm looking at indochina . 
  can you tell me what you liked most about cambodia ? 
  * canaries ( spain ) * gambia * tunisia * yugoslavia ( croatia ) * west germany * netherlands * italy * austria * crete ( greece ) * bali ( indonesia ) * thailand * singapore * denmark * norway * finland * usa ( california , texas , louisiana , georgia , massachusetts ), 
   if you like techmoan , then check out big clive . 
  he reviews cheap electronics , and finds some frankly dangerous shit on sale in cheap shops in the uk . 
  i have seen a few of his clips and i really should add him to my list since i also dabble with electronics and circuits but i 'm a total noob at it . 
  he 's very soft spoken , i like that . 
  i have sun from 1300 to sundown but i grow stuff in my window so almost the whole window is filled with greens . 
  when it 's summer it 's possible to go around naked when it 's sunny , but rest of the year , not so much, 
  temperature, 
  if i could i 'd walk around naked in my apartment, 
  i 'm doing my part, 
  are you saying that i 'm looking like i should n't ? 
  * funny * thing with jtr , one of his victims was swedish , just recently discovered that a few years ago, 
  itt : someone should make a podcast about most of this stuff in english for us to devou ... consume, 
  socks , barefoot or slippers, 
  so much reverb i have a hard time making out most of the words . 
  i 've tried listening to poetic german and it still does n't sound non-demanding . 
  i love german but it does n't ever sound soft spoken to me, 
  no way dude , i think he just escaped the insane asylum, 
  and yet there are 5 + of them !, 
  * i 'm doing my part *, 
  still a big thing in mainland europe even if norway and sweden is n't participating, 
  it 's all about the dum duh dee dum dum !, 
  never thought about them as belgian , probably because swedish media focused on * swedish * leila k,
