  that statement is not related to my statement about corruption, 
  for the sake of argument , if it was not illegal ( i.e. 
  legal ) to bribe a police does that make it moral and ok ? 
  of course not , so saying that it 's not corruption because * it 's legal * means nothing, 
  that 's because the type of corruption i 'm talking about is n't thought of as corruption because laws permit it . 
  also , americans get super defensive when you critique them like their pride and patriotism is much more important than contemplating what was said, 
  i watched the game and it was a fight all to the last goal made during the last minute . 
  both teams played to win . 
  i saw the clips that were presented in italian tv and it was just the overtime minutes where no team wanted to risk anything, 
  wow . 
  where to begin . 
  when i was a kid my dad was a sailor and i loved america . 
  if i could choose a place and time i 'd like to have lived it would be q white collar worker in the us fifties . 
  however now is a different story . 
  i think they are amongst ridiculous self entitled douchecanoes . 
  it 's not a country i look up to and definitely not something you want to aspire to . 
  usa is corrupt but not in the way you think when you hear corruption but corporate america are buying laws . 
  swedes will go to lengths to not step on people 's toes . 
  in general swedes are not blunt almost to the extent that it 's degenerative, 
  small talk is very popular in sweden . 
  but not with strangers . 
  friends , friend of a friend , colleagues . 
  even colleagues that * are * strangers . 
  but kit random strangers especially during fika, 
  the swedish biscuit ? 
  is that how it was presented in italia ? 
  oh do n't forget the denmark - sweden playing 2-2 in a * made up match *, 
  i 'd like to say the indian ocean tsunami in 2004 . 
  sweden had the most casualties of all the countries indirectly affected by the wave . 
  ( 5th most overall countries ), 
  wait , what ? 
  decadent is bad ? 
  i 'd categorize that as high school films . 
  otherwise i would 've said * bring it on * < 3, 
  our most infamous ( non ) - serial killer is thomas quick . 
  he was convincted for several murders he confessed to but did not commit ( presumably ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sture_bergwall, 
  me and my friends had a coming of age ritual when we turned 18 . 
  we would blindfold and kidnap in the morning directly from their bed . 
  then on with adventure . 
  i 've stated that i wanted to get drunk so they bought me beer from different countries where i had to guess what country it was from . 
  we were on our way to a water park and i had to pee , still blindfolded and one of my friends thought it woild be hilarious if id pee on her old high school so she positioned me and off i went . 
  had a great time at the park . 
  after that onward to a private sauna . 
  drunk as a skunk i stand up on the bench , towel drops while proclaim my love for my friends while the guy sitting eye level with my junk asks me if i have license for * that * . 
  of course i have . 
   he may have been in the light ftfy, 
  iirc to change our constitution ( grundlag ) the riksdag need to have two consecutive votes with 4-8 years apart edit : and apparently also through a referendum, 
  growing up i only thought old people were religious . 
  i met my first young religious person when i was over twenty . 
  my last girlfriend was a priests daughter but they were super non-judgmental and kept it to themselves . 
  i do n't know of anyone going to church at all edit : for clarity , growing up in the 70 's and 80 's, 
  here we go again . 
  just because something * can * happen mean almost nothing to how * likely * it is . 
   what swedish newspaper do you think the whole world should read ? 
  none . 
  unless anyone know of a swedish newspaper that truely do n't have an agenda these days . 
  i 've been watching the superbowl since 1989 and the two last seasons i 've actually watched . 
  i was about to fly over to london last autumn to watch one of the four nfl games played there very year . 
  i only have one friend who is in to watching league games but several that watch superbowl . 
  i moved out five weeks after turning 18 . 
  moved in with friends in a 110 m2 apartment . 
  a year later i bought a condo , cash , no loans . 
  it was at a time when it was the cheapest . 
  the lady i bought from lost 70 % of her investment . 
  six years later i moved to another bug city and lived there since . 
  i see my mom at least thrice a year ( christmas , and the two times a year when it is time to switch tyres ) but i speak with her on the phone at least weekly but usually several times a week . 
  late to the game but it made me think of [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1juprdz.jpg ), 
  onkel and tant are words that exist in swedish too , onkel is n't much used anymore , but tant is still used but it 's more used as a word for elderly ladies which you * do n't * have any relation to . 
  like there was two * tanter * that waited for the bus . 
  the male equivalent is * farbror * which also used for your fathers brother . 
  onkel still means uncle and is undecided if it 's your mothers brother or your fathers brother . 
  but only if you rename your country * estii * ( or * newer sweden * ), 
  as long as they like dags, 
  the nordics times two  ok maybe just iceland ones and estii can into nordic too, 
  pretty clear which is your favorite grandparents , amirite ? 
  stereotype confirmed, 
  then you realized they are the spawn of satan and there really is n't much to do about it . 
  what 's your favorite discipline ? 
  did the dane have an aneurysm ? 
  for clarity , svea is not pronounced like * flea * but rather sve-ah, 
  < / thread  i 'm proud of you, 
  i have never heard of an american exchange student in europe that did n't appreciate the experience . 
  not anymore but i do miss the malm\u00f6 weather, 
  i only ever travel to warm tropical destinations and i have n't struggled with that . 
  my bane is cold weather and i would never vacation in a cold place . 
  yeah i wanted to exclude those because it 's very easy to like just one song that you do n't understand, 
  my kent recommendations https://youtu.be/sad68golzea https://youtu.be/fwxur_vdwwe https://youtu.be/4nrcr1qihb4 https://youtu.be/5idpdqtwsda, 
  swedish version of carolus rex is epic . 
  https://youtu.be/q3k58kzcrlm :p, 
  you might like kent , they do pop in swedish . 
  in extremo i like . 
  i can recommend looking up the album s\u00e4ngerkrieg, 
  do n't you understand swedish lyrics ? 
  endulge us , please, 
  you do n't eat supper ? 
  geographically it does . 
  africa twice ( gambia/tunisia ) , north america ( usa coast to coast ) once and asia thrice ( thailand x2 , bali/indonesia , singapore ) and i have another trip to bali and singapore this autumn, 
  i think he did pretty good in leaving las vegas ? 
  go travel , it 's good for your soul , and you wo n't be learning a second language without going anywhere . 
  and also , just learn a few phrases and it will be appreciated .
