  preferably twice a year and almost always to south east asia because the people are super humble , feel safer there than at home and also you get much more value for the money and i hate freezing and adore the tropics . 
  i try to match it up during the cold season at home to break it up . 
  wow ... til . 
  but when they sing it at prize givings and such , are the 3rd and 4th not part of that or is there another version ? 
  our support for the royalty is waning , i 've discovered that most of the swedes in askeurope is not in support . 
  but i think after the tsunami catastrophy in 2004 is probably the greatest support the monarchy has had in recent times . 
  aka knugen, 
  yeah , i agree with you but it 's mostly just the first and somewhat the second paragraph ( do n't know the word in songs ) that is about the nordic landscape . 
  absolutely , especially to god you dirty dirty fornicator, 
  same for me , i opted out of the tv through fiber so now i ca n't receive any signal . 
  good times . 
  oh there was no implication of that . 
  it was just that i rode a bus between atlanta and nyc . 
  i rode through quickly, 
  what was what ? 
  are you guys aiming for the space over the poles ? 
  to me personally it 's purely a financial/judicial choice . 
  i 've never felt the urge to get married ( or have kids for that matter ) do n't get me started on engagement . 
  many swedes ask their partner if they want to get engaged . 
  engaged is a result of asking someone to marry , not a result of asking someone to get engaged . 
  a date for marriage shall be set within 12 months of the engagement . 
  i passed through ... really really quick, 
  all our gymnasium ( high school equivalent , grade 10-12 ) are all `` programs '' that is composed by courses . 
  simplified : like math , a-f , english a b , swedish a b c , economics a b history a-c and so on . 
  humanist program is likely to consist of history a-b ( and possibly c ) but only math a-b , while science program have courses math a-e but only history a. 
  there are a few optional courses you have to fill up with . 
  same with trade programs , also built up by courses like math a-b , history a , but at least half of their courses are related to the profession they are studying for . 
  like electrician program , builders program , automotive program which gets you ready for a profession straight out of gymnasium . 
  what they all have in common is that all of these programs are eligible for university studies too . 
  if a post is downvoted to 0 that i reply to , i always vote so that the person do n't think i was the one downvoting, 
  delware is a tiny tiny state and new sweden was n't even the whole of delaware . 
  have to be * lagom * getting back territory , do n't need whole delaware, 
  why did you get downvoted ? 
  i might not be alone , but i do n't understand the question . 
  efterlyst and all those shows where the follow other ambulance , fire fighters and police that i do n't know the name of, 
  how come it 's not celebrated ? 
  tent diving is scandinavians favorite past time, 
  what silly is when they are like 1/16 of * something * and they focus on that part just because that single bit intrigue them . 
  no matter if they 're 1/2 of something else . 
  i tend to speak english with danes . 
  unless they annunciate and speak slowly there is no way i 'm going to understand them while norwegian is a little easier to understand, 
  youtube comments are so toxic it 's insane . 
  it 's meant as a tl ; dr. you do n't need to study something just to get to know a little more of something, 
  [ v\u00e4rml\u00e4ndska ] ( https://youtu.be/bkr1g6sbgsy ) has been my favorite for a long time . 
  had a gf from there thanks to my love for the dialect . 
  since i can only understand of comprehend english , norwegian and danish at times my favorite is stavanger dialect . 
  english has a couple i fancy like a boston dialect or an aussie one . 
  couple of british ones that i ca n't point out, 
  which danish accent us the closest to swedish ? 
  usually ideologically convinced people are more likely to answer a survey that cement their conviction which explains those numbers . 
  1.5 % vegans sounds more likely and more than 5 % vegatarians, 
  there is no way 3 % of swedens population is vegan . 
  depends what they 've been fried in, 
  i 've met at least a hundred since first heard about it back in 1995 . 
  p3 dokument\u00e4r made a documentary about the militant vegans in northern sweden in he mid nineties . 
  i ca n't recall if the no-flying in russiand airspace was a decision from the airlines or russia after mh17 was shot down . 
  i 've been flying to sea three times since the shoot down and none of the flights have been flying over russia although they * should * i 'm going a fourth time later this year and the airline i 'm flying with has resumed their flights over russia . 
  ( [ copenhagen - singapore ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vy9igxb.png ) ) now that 's not the exact route because himalayas but two years ago they flew a southern route, 
  i highly doubt it . 
  there is a plane right now in russian airspace flying from barcelona to shanghai flight ca840 disclaimer : the plane is an air china that originates from shanghai . 
  but then again , there would n't be any planes from beijing over russia if it should hold true, 
  i 'd love to watch superb owl games !, 
  owls are super freaky, 
  what do you mean ? 
  during the game ? 
  i meant after game reviews . 
  edit : in understand now . 
  that 's way too tame . 
  i want a judge panel reviewing the whole game and penalize every player who played unsportsmanlike , diving , shirt grabbing , etc, 
  they play four league games every year in london . 
  oh you have to compliment it with midnight barbecue, 
  are they implementing this ? 
  i 've been asking for this for years . 
  it would end the diving immediately . 
  but i rather see retroactive judging overall . 
  it 's one of the main reasons i do n't watch football anynore, 
  i only watch downloaded games . 
  they 're condensed to 2h , no breaks . 
  i 'd bring back norwegian monarchy during the 1814-1905 , 
  canada is more than winnipeg . 
  i think maybe vancouver would suit you better, 
  yes , it 's the only sport i follow . 
  been watching superbowl for 2 + decades ( first in 1989 ) . 
  but started following the league games a couple of years back . 
  also since cfl since their games us usually a little more entertaining, 
  fish every friday ? 
  recommend http://prepaid-data-sim-card.wikia.com/wiki/prepaid_sim_with_data, 
   f\u00e4rst ( as in the superlative of `` f\u00e5 '' ) actually , i 've been on a crusade for the last 5 + years to get people to use it again . 
  i played a lot of boardgames so * minst antal * as the opposite of * flest * was used a lot . 
  but my gaming group at least caught on with * f\u00e4rst * i often ask people was the opposite of * flest * is when they do n't know i do the usual * f\u00e5 , f\u00e4rre ... *, 
  :o unless you use a timer for your tea i highly recommend it . 
  no longer than 3.5 minutes for black tea and then without any additives . 
  ( after 3-3 1/2 minute black tea starts to release tannic acid which makes tea bitter and you have to compensate with sweetner ) i have a 3 minute timer every time i make tea . 
  i was n't a big tea drinker before i started timing my tea, 
  well , do you drink it without milk if sugar is the important question ? 
  and do you lift out the tea after 3 minutes ? 
  * fuck france , please whisper dirty in our ear * marry norway , marry for money is still a thing * kill the russians for kidnapping finland 200 years ago . 
  * `` if you are looking for ransom i can tell you i do n't have money , but what i do have are a very particular set of skills . 
  skills i have acquired over a very long career . 
  skills that make me a nightmare for people like you .
