  in over fifty years only two other countries have won slovakia and usa and it was one time each . 
  ( i count russia and soviet union as the same and czechoslovakia and czechia as the same ) . 
  but it 's fun to see that other countries are actually starting to get up there , like switzerland and germany and letland . 
  i 've never heard this . 
  the only story i 've heard was this instance because people do n't go through the scanners going into the plant , only out , but because he went to the locker room first , and then had to go back out through the scanners and then into his job still wearing the same clothes ( or shoes , ca n't remember ) it was only because of this * detour * that made the alarm go off . 
  other workers going in nothing happened because they went straight into their work stations, 
  as long as it 's not in common use it does n't really matter . 
  because in sweden we eat open faced sandwiches like adults should, 
  everytime i drive on the e6 on the west coast i always observe a norwegian registred tesla, 
  there are two university america football teams in oregon . 
  oregon ducks and the oregon state beavers , they play a cup every year ... 
  the platypus cup, 
  never heard of this . 
  kronhjort being my home province animal , but i never heard of national animals, 
  i 'm sure google will answer this better than laymen on / r/askeurope, 
   and norwegians respond well to the accent from bornholm . 
  that 's pretty funny since it 's as far as you can get from norway in denmark, 
  i think there is a norweigan comedy sketch show that does this . 
  here 's one of their better ones https://youtu.be/fqgrc5sfcaq, 
  well there 's your problem , it 's like the 4-0 lead germany had in football a couple of years ago ... you ca n't just slack off, 
  sure you can , think of a number between 1 and 3 ... 
  is the font of volksbank the same as for volvo ? 
  so * scandinava usually refers to the scandinavian peninsula * is pretty wrong then because ** usually ** scandinavia refers to denmark , norway , sweden, 
  absolutely , every time i 'll take the train over to copenhagen the danes are adamant in speaking to me in an unintelligible gibberish !, 
  so rude !, 
  is n't fennoscandia missing denmark though ? 
  scandinavia = sweden , denmark , norway . 
  nordic = scandinavia + finland + iceland, 
  havent cared to watch since the nineties . 
  its the same with * sk\u00e5nska * . 
  it 's a love/hate relation , many hate it and many love it . 
  i asked on my facebook feed a while back what their favorite dialect was and * sk\u00e5nska * got half of the votes while the other half was spread on a bunch is there any famous norwegian that speak with a stavanger dialect ? 
   and speak danish in such a way that norwegians & swedes understand me fluently too ) this is what we call * scandinaviska * , a kind of mix which us most often spoken by sailors and truckers that go between the countries often . 
  not a real language . 
  what is the difference between serbian and croatian because when i was a child there was a tv programme for children that was in * serbocroatian * ( we had a lot of work related immigration from yugoslavia in the 60s iirc ), 
  unrelated but holy inquisition those eyebrows are muppet glorious, 
  do you something where they speak instead of sing ? 
  oh my , that was almost comprehensible !, 
  i like it !, 
  but gotland and helsinki is still sweden !, 
  do you mean iodine ? 
  f\u00e5gel = bird , v\u00e4g = way, 
  if i 'm lucky 300km between the second and third largest city . 
  doh , the idea of fluoride was too alien i did n't even reflect that it was n't chlorine . 
  good catch, 
  i thought about them but since they were n't geographically inside sweden i did n't mention them . 
  but you 're right . 
  the tsunami was shocking and it 's jaw dropping that sweden had the most causality of countries indirectly affected . 
  germany almost as many . 
  yes , the water has miniscule taste of chlorine . 
  not like the us where i thought something was wrong with the water , tasting like a swimming pool this thread might interest you : do you drink tap water in your country ? 
  i 've barely been north of the most south 300km ( by road sweden is almost 2000km from north to south ) never was that intrigued by seeing sweden . 
  always go abroad for vacation, 
  relative to what ? 
  why are the stadiums in usa so excessive ? 
  not far from the truth , the ring above a do represent an o, 
  can i have my vowels back ? 
  the question could also be turned around . 
  why is there so much anonymity in the cities compared to the rural ? 
  because so many people . 
  cityfolks ( like myself ) are used to seeing strangers all the time while rural are often much more tight knit community . 
  it 's only logical, 
  maybe it 's just something to complain about ? 
  just a thought, 
  malm\u00f6 if , then swedish champions early nineties , went over the sound to face off against the danish national team ... 
  price or prize ? 
  and we are never smug about it ... never, 
  little ad playing at the beginning of many videos , boom , revenue, 
  [ mrw ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o6ehyqo.gif ) i agree with you, 
  do you get within the comonwealth ? 
  also , in due time you 'll get your european stamps ... unless you need a visa , 
  wait what , is that a thing ? 
  ours used to be [ black , then blue ... and now red ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_rz4j79obugm/tutvvrbjjbi/aaaaaaaacro/idx64cjsibg/s800/pass.jpg ), 
  made [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hmsqghz.png ) for you, 
  i think he 's referring to some dude calling himself pewdipie or something like that and is the highest paid youtube content creator . 
  i do n't really understand the fandom but then again . 
  i never understood the idolization of anybody . 
  1981 , * whiskey on the rocks * ( nato designation for that kind of sub was whiskey-class ) soviet sub runs aground 10km from one of swedens largest naval bases , inside an archipelago . 
  soviets blame navigational reasons . 
  sweden holds the sub captive for ten days before finally releasing it back to the russians . 
  confirmed nuclear torpedoes onboard . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_submarine_s-363 1986 , swedish nuclear reactor gets alarm when an employee passes through a scanner going inside from the outside . 
  getting the first signs of chernobyl catastrophy has happened . 
  it was a fluke really . 
  one of the employees were living in his summer cottage who did n't have running water at the time so he did showering and stuff like that in his workplace and the scanner reacts . 
  1986 , the murder of the prime minister olof palme on an open street in downtown stockholm . 
  a murder that still have n't found a resolution . 
  2003 , the murder on foreign minister anna lindh . 
  it should be, 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't trust people to have the forsight of consequences, 
  funny how you would be sceptic to people 's level of knowledge when it 's pretty obvious your level of scientific knowledge is lacking . 
  i 'm just going to assume your comment about melted steel beams is an attempt of trolling and also a testament to your knowledge in science, 
  it 's pretty obvious you 're here with an agenda . 
  yes i can , it 's called science and physics , you should look it up, 
  zeitgeist is sensationalism and a bullshit `` documentary '' that caters to the same people that says the moonlanding is fake, 
  plenty of options . 
  i did n't get my high school * diploma * until i was over thirty . 
  the reason i went through 2,5 years high school courses was so that i could attend tech university . 
  there are n't any mysteries concerning 11/9,
