  sea reclaimed polders , will they come back and haunt you as poldergeists ? 
  no i have n't , closest i been is crete . 
  i prefer to travel farther than europe atm, 
  * whispers * when 's the invasion ? 
  so more than 40h a week ? 
  do n't your teachers work like 43h weeks to get that vacation ? 
  central heating from trash burning incinerators i 'm fairly certain . 
  extremely clean . 
  apartment in gothenburg, 
  it 's not really to extract the audio but to get the thing to work correctly . 
  anyway i just made a note that there are cases that it does matter, 
  i 'm not an expert but i know that some stuff relies on the hz for timing stuff . 
  im subscribing to an english gentleman youtube channel where he tests old audio equipment and he had trouble . 
  here 's a blog post about it . 
  it 's not just the voltage but the hertz as well that can fuck it up for op . 
  * now , if the voltage rating in case of 50 hz is higher , say 230 v in 50 hz and 110 v in 60 hz , which is generally the case then , since the current will almost double in this case and if the windings are not designed to carry this large amount of current then the instrument will get damaged or otherwise may heat up drastically and finally get damaged . 
  * [ source ] ( https://www.quora.com/what-happens-if-i-use-a-60-hz-appliance-in-50-hz ), 
  of course you need to account for the co2 as well when you add it all together . 
  i do n't really want it to taste * more * , i just like it to hint at a taste , otherwise i drink soda . 
  i just read your * edit * that explains it . 
  pedestrians crossing a street on red ( illegal but there is no punishment for it ) biking crossing the street on a cycle path without yielding for cars ( they think they have the same right of way as pedestrians , there are some exceptions to when bikes have the right of way ) cars not indicating when turning/lane changing biking without a bell/horn ,, 
  i 've been thinking of getting one for that particular reason but the not researched calculations i made it 's still about 4-5 sek per litre ? 
  also , how artifical does the flavors taste ? 
  some of the store bought water taste so * chemical * . 
  raml\u00f6sa is by far the best tasting flavors sparkle water imo . 
  by that logic why not give all the money away and be done with all the problems ? 
   for every single travel this money does that does n't end up in a bank account , * the government gets some of it back . 
  * i do n't know how it works in nl but here companies do n't pay vat to each other . 
  so after you make your first purchase , that money is in the companies hands ( minus the initial vat ) , after that what the company buys for * that * money is likely a service ( or profit to owners ) from another company who will not pay vat , and that company will buy a service from a third company who will not any vat . 
  those money are a gone , dude . 
  the only benefit is that people have jobs , but if you do n't want to work that 's a huge net loss . 
   do you realize that welfare benefits are taxable income ? 
  wait what ? 
  do danish pay tax on their welfare check ? 
  is this is in response to the absolute clusterfuck the swedish handed over secure information to czechs who had n't been cleared to handle that information ? 
  people with key skills in event of war , people with protected living arrangements and so on ? 
  lol , that 's what scandinavians * fractions * of krona are named . 
  right now , playing kerbal space program, 
  wow . 
  here you pretty much need maxed out grades from high school or a 2.0 on the * sat * ( only 1 percent get 2.0 ), 
  how many swedish * swedish action movies * have you actual seen ? 
   possible and thus the largest effect will be attained when acting socially and with education . 
  the problem with this is that it take so much time , it 's not an instant solution , it 's something that takes years and not in the way that * oh let 's bite the bullet for ten years and then get it over with * but you will pretty much have to do this indefinitely economically i can with certainty say that most people do not think refugees and migrants have done anything ( yet ) to * deserve * to be set up for more than a basic level needs . 
  if they would be set up like an average citizen the bottom half below average is going to have a fit . 
   ( we built a ~ 700mw plant to completion in the 70s and then had a public vote where we decided we did n't want to use it after all . 
  that 's so austrian , i ca n't even tell you . ), 
  i believe we all feel like that about ourselves, 
  i do n't think it 's in this case . 
  i 've had suspicions as well . 
  he do accept swish . 
  he 's cheap ( 200sek ) but i think the credit card terminal is too expensive for him to make it profitable . 
  i only use cash for one thing , paying my hairdresser . 
  if i owe someone i use swish to transfer money electronically and instantly to that person and u use debit card for everything else . 
  it took me months before i saw our new bank notes we got in 2015 still have n't seen them all, 
  i believe it would be welcomed . 
  we 're used to regulation and alcohol is already at 20 unless bought in a bar or restaurant . 
  so it would n't be strange i would rather see a ban to sell to anyone born after , let 's say 1999 ( 18 yo today ) do even when they 're thirty they ca n't buy cigarettes . 
  of course people can always but for them but eventually i think much less people will start smoking . 
  also the embarrassment of asking someone older than you to buy for you helps . 
  also for a person born in 2020 will have much fewer people buy for you as they will be in their forties the ones born before 1999, 
  black tea shall never be steeped for longer than 3.5 minutes . 
  and only steep it for 3 minutes ? 
  * whispers * : wan na buy some pills ? 
  tea time ? 
  there is no standard accent . 
  some people belive that there is but that also just an accent, 
  very moderate . 
  they do n't make much noise . 
   strong offering . 
  i 'm tempted by a / r/snackexchange except i 'm on a diet ... but a crisp diet , amirite ? 
  i 'm almost forty and i 've never longed for offspring . 
  i feel fairly certain i wo n't change my mind and if i did , it 's cruel to become parents at 40 + , ** best ** case scenario ( if you 're even alive ) your first child will graduate high school when you 're 60 . 
  no i do n't . 
  our culture binds us more than foreign inter city relations does, 
  iirc correctly it was the third flavour introduced after grill and dill chips ( atleast by estrella ), 
  you might as well strike the second paragraph , nobody eats olw anyway . 
  ( at least they should n't ), 
  i live in g\u00f6teborg but i could see myself moving to a small town in sm\u00e5land or possibly somewhere in south east asia or australia, 
  for sure . 
  our largest province is more than 1/5 ( 110.000 km ^ 2 , 2.5 times the area of the netherlands ) of the country and we have 25 provinces . 
  our smallest province is almost 3000km ^ 2 stockholm , our densest municial is 4000 / km ^ 2, 
  i think you 're reversing what i said . 
  i did n't say that swedes consider this and that country part of the continent . 
  i was saying that people in sweden in general do n't think they 're part of the continent as many norweigans also do . 
  and in some regard also finns, 
  are you trolling ? 
  at the beginning of the game everyone is given a loyalty card who you secretly look at , it will either day your a cylon or * not a cylon * , halfway through the game you 're given a new card that will either say you 're a cylon or you 're not a cylon . 
  so mid game you can discover that you are a cylon just as in the series . 
  there are 1-2 cylons in every game of five players , and cylon players do not know who the other cylon is and the game really encourages table talk , placing blame on other players , pointing out what 's fishy etc. 
  edit : clarification if you first got a cylon card and then half way through you get a you 're not a cylon card does n't mean that you stop being a cylon . 
  once a toaster always a toaster . 
  for humans it 's to do enough ftl jumps to reach kobol and for the cylons who are hidden amongst the humans its to stop them in various ways . 
  the mechanic is that no one knows who 's cylons or who 's human , thw cylons hide among the humans and act covertly to stop them from succeeding and the game creators have done this in an ingenious way, 
  that finland in some regard think theyre not part of the continent just like norway and sweden does, 
  these are municipals though , our highesr population density in a province is 156/km ^ 2, 
  also . 
  the game is almost unplayable if you 're not exactly 5 players, 
  it has elements of resistance but i must warn you , while resistance is a super easy game to understand . 
  bsg has so much rules and is resistance on steroids and extacy . 
  my friends and i are veterans in the game but we still have to check up rules and it takes a very long time to play .
