god damn it estonia how do you do it ? 
  holy shit that documentary is terrifying . 
  i am now scared of small croatian fishing villages . 
  stupid nazi jewish homosex right ? 
  minnesota seems like the coolest state of the us . 
  probably because it is canada 2 . 
  and we have a 50 % billionare !, 
  pretty sure he 's just a spineless bribed cunt . 
  that 's a very fair and valid point . 
  probably the only difference i see is that the `` eastern european '' label has a strongly negative connotation , whilst `` being from the south '' is now a more of a cultural thing in the us , so the label bothers us a bit and many are getting butthurt . 
  wow , very interesting !, 
  and good !, 
  do n't forget good !, 
  is that why they 're so good at everything ? 
  [ i just dream of the day when i meet other gays who know what it 's like to be a gay . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krlzabngz-m ), 
  wow , that really shed some light on the matter for me !, 
  what a great explanation . 
  thanks !, 
  meh remek is just as much a czech as he is a slovak . 
  could you please explain that to me ? 
  no mdical advantage whatsoever . 
  not even a religious one . 
  it was done in victorian times to discourace masturbation but then the uk and the rest of he commonwealth dropped it . 
  not america though . 
  \u0160koda ... once the pride of czechoslovakia and now this . 
  i want this in the whole eu !, 
  the czech republic might not be crazy , but we sure are lazy . 
  i hope our politicians will do more than just the bare minimum . 
  this is pretty much the only thing russia is afraid of . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't think putin would ever use them . 
  have you read the article or are you just trying to be funny ? 
  all we got ta do is wait it out . 
  me too !, 
  you are naive . 
  yeah but he is a god there . 
  what 's better one god or 5 000 casual subscribers ? 
  holy fuck that was a good one . 
  [ this one i belive . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/legitprivilege ), 
  some very good artists are albanian . 
  well ... 
  it 's more very carefully put together . 
  the balant use of lies still stands , and it is most definitely propaganda but it is very specifically worded to elicit the response of `` i did not see that coming '' from non russians and also some patriotic feelings from russians i guess . 
  wow , the russians are really good video editors . 
  the maps would be annnoying . 
  you take that back !, 
  parsely is the best leaf and the best root vegetable !, 
  you 're our bros !, 
  guys , we 're rich !, 
  link ? 
  want me to hand you a bucket ? 
  took me waaaay too long to realize that was n't sarcasm . 
  the lions are fucking awesome . 
  brb , buing ticket to estonia . 
  takes some balls to move from briatin to slovakia dude . 
  although the only brits i know about actually moved here because of familly . 
  and then we got fucked in the ass . 
  hard . 
  repeatedly . 
  try slivovice . 
  let 's hope that wo n't become a thing . 
  well front page , sharpie in the pooper . 
  4chan does n't disappoint . 
  welcome to europe !, 
  and what should i do ? 
  upvote him or what ? 
  everyone is entitled to an opinion and pressing the up and down arrow does n't mean you are stoning the person for saying something you do n't agree with . 
  well a lot of people downvoted him because of his opinion but after he started to whine about downvotes and the whole `` omg guise reddit is so unfair ahhh mah opinion '' i downvoted him too . 
  actually , the thing that is trigering downvotes the most on whole of reddit is talking about downvotes like a child . 
  oh my fucking god is this kristallnacht or something ? 
  yes . 
  if say , robert baratheon , the rightful king of the seven kingdoms were to legitimize ramsay , ramsay would be a bolton . 
  but tommen is a bastard of jaime lannister , has none of robert 's blood and therefore he did n't inherit the throne rightfully . 
  tommen 's legitimization of ramsay is worthless because tommen is not a baratheon but a lannister , therefore he is n't a king , therefore he does n't have the power to legitimize bastards . 
  ramsay is still a snow by the laws of gods and men . 
  tommen is not a legitimate king in the first place . 
  he is born of incest . 
  i 'd only say the number in moravia are a bit higher , and that only in the rural areas . 
  when you look at brno , the numbers should be closer to prauge and the czech average . 
  i do n't have a study supporing my estimates though . 
  spoilers game of thrones spoilers warning he is a snow , because tommen legitimized him . 
  tommen is a product of incest with no royal blood therefore he is not legitimized under the laws of gods and men . 
  30 czeching in . 
  i would gladly trade with you . 
  we 've seen nothing but storms for the last few days . 
  but rises again harder and stronger . 
  all hail the mannis !, 
  they get thrown off the tram at full speed . 
  swaty jan pawel aliv in poland kurwa !, 
  rowan atkinson never ceases to amuse me . 
  we 're starting today !, 
  yay i get to sleep as long as i like tomorrow !, 
  you sound like you 're from game of thrones . 
  well it ca n't get any more swedish than that . 
  i just want to experience that crazily long day or night near the poles . 
  i do n't know why , maybe just because i 'd like to see how it affects me from a biological point of view . 
  well the picture you found seems to be pretty close , except for the chocolate . 
  this [ page ] ( http://kokr.cz/sortiment-aspikove-vyrobky# ) has a bunch of pictures of czech deli favorites in aspik .
