  that should only happen to consenting adults at best . 
  not a dane but i 'd certainly welcome such a ban . 
   because the other comment was deleted , it was n't deleted by me , automoderate blocked me because of keywords , i asked moderators to reinstate it . 
   all fucking terrorists from recent attacks in paris and brussels held european citizenship ( newsflash , not portuguese ) . 
  yet none of them obviously passed by the airport . 
   you 're an even bigger moron than i thought . 
  i 'm not sure insulting people is going to get people to come to your side . 
  but hey sure you can keep ranting about how france is litterally hitler for it 's supposed 3 % deficit , for all the good it 's going to make you  and you send me an article talking about 10 guys from spain and portugal joining isis ? 
  whoa , big news . 
  no , i 'm not talking about that . 
  i was talking about how they used those connections to make a route in your country to pass their buddies . 
  http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/4697/portugal-jihadists since they realized gibraltar was controled they followed the coast to portugal  this shows me how fucking ignorant that 's not an argument . 
  right . 
  please tell me how the glorious portugese army went to deal with all the islamists that use your country as a proxy to pass from morroco . 
  oh wait , it did n't because the english and us did it for you . 
  because we spend 5 % of our budget on our military while you do n't even have one . 
  and that 's not the only things . 
  your highways are built on eu [ french ] money too . 
  but hey fuck us for having a deficit am i right ? 
   what about if you are a small country that in 2010 had  10 % deficit france is nowhere near that . 
  we 'd get berated & punished if we had a 10 % deficit without a very very good justification . 
  plus , the fact that we increase spending on you is partly to allow you to diminush your own . 
  there 's also probably a good dash of corruption in that overspending you do ( maybe half of that 10 % ? ), 
  , which you could crack down on ( something still ongoing in france . 
  dassault/balkany / ... are due for trial ) without even affecting real spending ( ie money used to pay things for the country and not just ferraris for politicians ) . 
  ( of course things are n't as bad as in the uk on that plan so it 's not a daily popcorn scandal story like the brexit ), 
   france gets a free pass on this no , france get a `` pass '' because : - the deficit is in fact smaller than `` on paper '' . 
  accounting tricks ( negative rates borrowal ! ), 
  make it appear bigger ( 3 + % ) than it really is ( 1.8-2 % ? ), 
  - and we 're in deficit because we 're spending more than our `` fair share '' , notably paying bills for other countries that ca n't like , case in point , spain or portugal or greece , and funding some big important euro budgets - and we 're fielding/paying for policy and defense needs that a lot of countries outright refuse to pay for and where they blatantly cheat on their nato contributions . 
  in that present case , reducing blindly our spending could be very damageable for the eu as a whole . 
  say if we stopped paying soldier wages in eastern ukraine , the russians would just move in and at that point 0.1 % of saved deficit would look like pretty retarded . 
  similarly , if we stop paying for road maintenance in spain there 's a lot of roads that are going to be unusuable a couple years in and then good luck for trucking around your economy like the country currently do ... ( then france would sell less to spain too which would damage our economy in cascade etc etc ) so yeah i think it 's pretty hypocritic because countries love to cuts corners they should n't but when we cope for them , because , well , somebody has to , it 's `` french deficit and overspending !! \u00a7 \u00a7 !! '' . 
  so on a macro economic level we 're pretty obligated to maintain it somewhat as in currently ( and no we 're not going to make everything a complete classified black budget without reasons just to fit in spending rules , because that 's how you foster corruption . 
  so things get only re labeled ), 
   have no say in how the party goes . 
  that 's not true . 
  they could aim to steal the uk 's media space and thunder in bruxelles if they wanted ( with the uk doing it 's best to leave the eu , it 'd be easy for spain to take more place in convos instead ) . 
  tbh i 'm kindah assuming that spain likes to play it quiet and avoiding cameras for some reason , especially lately . 
  probably has to do with their different with catalonia . 
  that 's not necessarily a sign of weakness either ( some of the nordics , or , say , netherlands , are incredibly quiet too ) . 
  damn . 
  condoleances, 
   buying that equipment ( even if it produces some parts locally ) is n't going to help the standards of living of the brits . 
  actually it can : if it spare them of buying larger quantities of less usefull weapons sold 10x pricier for the same use they 'll save a lot of money . 
  apache are very versatile and something actually very usefull on a modern front like the uk is susceptible to face ( e.g : iraq , africa etc ) . 
  and honestly they 're selling at half price there, 
  i dunno whether it 's sexy on the landing strip , but i suspect a bit like the a10 it probably look like a flying miracle when it appear in the air for people getting shot at on the front, 
  50 for that price ? 
  46m a piece ? 
  this is ... very reasonable an export price for a decent weapon for once and probably what it 's worth once you include maintenance , spares , training etc ( maybe a few hundreds millions on top ) ? 
  was the defense contractor commercials drank under the table to sign that one while they usually x10 the price tag for the sake of profit ? 
  that is unusual for us defense export industry haha honestly , * if the numbers in that article are true * , that 's actually a pretty usefull weapon for quite a decent price and deal at first sight, 
  lol half the country hates him for having written another law just as harsh as the `` loi travail '' a year ago ( loi macron ) . 
  he 'd get nowhere . 
  probably as liked as romney or santorum in the usa . 
  absolutely deport rapists if they ca n't control themselves . 
  plenty of people can and those are the people i 'm happy to pay my taxes towards . 
  this is the kind of stupid thing that gives ammo to the afd amongst non-looney people +1 ; let 's deport condemned criminals . 
  hey thanks , 
  another proof the official relative numbers do n't prove anything , and they probably do n't even get close to reality with budget shufflings between defense and security agencies . 
  i mean , our country , france , probably spend on our military as much as all of eastern europe put together . 
  `` not their fair share '' riiiiiight . 
  please . 
  ~ ~ edit : people suggest france is actually at least around 2 and 2.2 % of the gdp without digging too far ~ ~ edit : the real enveloppe for military , security & peace spending all put together might or might not get close to 90b $ a year in reality ( but , while that seems a lot , admittedly , as compared to the us ' declared $ 600 + b and the trillions spent in iraq and other places ... ) edit which means we are spending 10-15 % ( or less ? ), 
  of what the americans probably spend ( in reality ? ), 
  lol, 
   the same reason france does n't want one . 
  lol we 're not against an eu army . 
  as a matter of fact we in fact founded the eurocorp and the first euro brigade with the germans : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurocorps what we are against is abolishing our independant army right now while the rest of the eu is not yet integrated . 
  that allows us to keep protecting our interests ( e.g : mali ) without draging the entire eu in it . 
  but giving ressources to a second eu army on top of ours ? 
  no problem at all . 
  we might even transfert part of our defense ressources to it over time and focus our own force as a political intervention tool . 
   i think brexit is going to redefine british politics for decades to come is it ? 
  labor had moved full tory under blair ; and the non-cameron ( ie the [ murdoch/brexit friendly like farage ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/news/2016/07/03/farage-murdoch-xlarge_trans++jdhzoku5ccgala2fvvreecqaql0ia9uido53pqqfgfs.jpg ) ) tories moving to the xenophobic right full steam ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/16/nigel-farage-defends-ukip-breaking-point-poster-queue-of-migrants ) . 
  so some people where bound to disagree with that at some point ( e.g : corbyn supporters in the labor ) and form new parties and movements ( momentum ? ), 
  assuming the political apparatus would allow them to register it and to officially oppose current government politics ( which during the iraq war was n't that obvious ) . 
  this is just the usual `` modern liberals '' vs `` old conservatives nationalists '' ( the original left/right ) reappearing 15 years later because both the tories & labor were full on conservative, 
   the uk 's proposed cut in the corporation tax '' * hey i have an idea , let 's collect even less taxes !, 
  after all a massive chunk of our budget is already missing and we live on eu subsidies in reality while cooking books to hide our debts . 
  so collecting even less tax money will obviously ... fix ... the budget deficit ... somehow ... * '' ( drunk tory economists arguing somewhere ? ), 
  edit : obviously , the comparison with france offering fiscal advantages to city companies to move in will crop up so let me explain why the comparison is likely wrong in my eyes : - in france case , the companies are n't yet there and do n't currently pay taxes in france . 
  if we hand over a ( say ) 10 % case by case fiscal advantage to specific big corps that moves in , it 's a net fiscal gain for the french country ( since current companies already there keep paying the same and new ones also pay taxes that they did n't paid in france before moving in ) . 
  - in the uk 's * current * case , companies are n't likely to move in at least for a year or two due to the ongoing brexit . 
  once that is settled ; tax cuts will have to be both large and applied to all companies since the intent would be to merely keep there companies already there . 
  and for somes that depend on eu fiscal passeports only , it wo n't suffice anyway . 
  so it 's at best a stop gap measure on a net loss causing another net loss . 
   it is speculated that he wants the support of the far-right voters in the upcoming election and continuously paints the activists in an extreme light . 
  is that an exageration or are you implying afd supporters are willfully trying to pick a fight ? 
  very interesting post . 
  i did n't understood what was going on , thank you . 
  so in a short few words , it 's a housing dispute ? 
   lost any respect i had for this man . 
  to go from the eu commission to a large bank , one of the many responsible for the 2008 crash is terrible but not completely surprising . 
  actually , for once , i see it as the bank at least half listening to bruxelles and trying to get advice on the eu 's / bruxelles ' opinion so i wo n't complain for my part  one of the many responsible for the 2008 crash is terrible that much is true , but it 's probably better to have eyes fixed on the futur and trying to prevent it from happening ( again ) . 
  if bruxelles can have a man on the inside , that might be good for the eu down the line . 
  cooperation can sometime be usefull, 
   this is to be changed , which may prompt accusations that standards are being lowered that 's the bit causing problem i suspect ( maybe they should n't lower standards for the same positions , just allow them to run current tests ? ) . 
  people have to be able to pull the same weight and hardships to fit the same roles,
