   it was `` a resolution on the decision to leave the eu resulting from the uk referendum '' hence why i 'm saying the torries are cheating when they declared ( ... retroactivately ) that the referendum was n't a `` decision to leave the eu '' but a `` consultating , non biding and purely informative opinion poll '' . 
  ( :d ) ie that eu decision does n't ( ca n't ) apply just yet now i 'm not complaining because i think it 's only fair to leave that choice to make to the next british pm, 
  they currently stayed in the eu , by actual law wording , by making the vote non binding if you recall . 
  ( yes they are blatantly cheating , and no i do n't care on that point . ), 
  hence why the decision will actually rely on the next pm which i believe alone can ( with the uk parliament ) decide whether to leave ( or implicitely keep ignoring the decision in order to keep staying ), 
  resolution on a brexit that has n't officially happened , that 's the whole point . 
  currently they are still an eu member , at least until may ( looks like it 's going to be her ? ), 
  replaces cameron ; and i suspect defacto even if they leave and go in the eea , there 'll be a tolerence to maintaining current relations in the free market ( that includes free circulation in it 's current form ; including the eventual `` emergency brake '' if things actually do go of hand ) if that 's what they aim for . 
  but i guess we 'll wait for the new pm for clarifications on the uk 's goals edit ( of course if they decide to close the borders blanket ban style or apply new or unfair restrictions on eu citizens , they 'll have massive troubles accessing the eu free market ; which was herman van rompuy 's point i believe ) the circulation of people is seen as a cornerstone of the eu-style freemarket , where goods , services , funds , and people can freely circulate across the entire market . 
  removing one part of it would affect unduly the others so it 's not really imaginable to give them access to everything but ban eu citizens from moving one way across it . 
  it 'd make little sense from our perspective . 
  if you ca n't make the worker you have hired come in to do the work then you 're not really in the market . 
  yes and no , as far as i know it 's valid until they decide to activate the 50 and leave . 
  if they leave and stay in the free market via the eea , they 'll have to keep border opens at current levels tho ( for ppl with valid papers of course . 
  not that the uk-bound illegal migrants really manage to get in the uk what with 99 % of them stuck in france ) and de facto something roughly similar to the agreement will keep happening on the eu part i guess ( i suspect we 'll honor our end of the bargain as long as the uk pay their dues or something similar de facto ... ), 
  itt people that still have n't figured out that the sun is one of murdoch 's main `` soft '' influence tool that lead around 15 % of the uk 's pop . 
  one of the problem of such `` free press '' is that people think that if it 's still out there in print it must be truth ( ^ ^ / s ) so whatever is written in there they buy it hook line sinker edit : so of course if the sun blame the poles for the missing money and jobs they cut out under thatcher ... edit : but hey look who the torries are just going to ( re ) appoint as pm !, 
   now he 's in denial , thinking the eu will give us a renegotiation we already did that ( the cameron agreement ) , which was hard enough to agree upon . 
  there wo n't really be a re re nego . 
  so i guess it 's going to be the thatcher clone ( may ) , with leadsome playing sarah palin as a contrast ? 
  i `` ca n't wait '' to see what she is going to cut to fund murdoch 's friends properties and `` tax breaks '' and `` corporate welfare '' this time . 
  / s most likely finish the nhs and retirement . 
  hey , the effeil tower ( 320m ) is n't even on that list !, 
  how am i going to fit the clich\u00e9 french that way  . , 
  . . [ thanks corbyn !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thanksobama/ ) ? 
  ( that sounded better in my head ), 
   will be engulfed in darkness for 3 full days what , only 3 days ? 
  i assumed sauron 's cloud was a premanent fixture of the landscape by now, 
   all over , it 's the uk 's only real power house . 
  that 's not entirely truth . 
  their close relations with the eu allowed them ( and might in fact keep allowing them , providing they do n't burn too many bridges ) to have a bit of flexibility on the accounting side . 
  ^ we 're not going to abolish businesses by any standards . 
  merely collect taxes and prevent damaging deregulation/abusive speculation . 
  plus attracting big finance `` industries '' here as a bit of pragmatism might help fund all our nice social welfare policies . 
  :d you can both argument in favor of attracting business here and ask companies to pay indemnities when they fire employees or not fraud taxes . 
  got ta attract the money from where it is haha . 
  that moment when i 'm still half wondering whether troll toll no plan farage still would n't be an upgrade on some of the ~ ~ ump ~ ~ lr party cronies we have right of the ps, 
  i 'm not sure point you are reaching for if you can answer yourself, 
  well if you have an eu passeport or another one on the list ( some close countries like norway or iceland ; i 'm not sure about israel since you have an israeli flair ) you can if you want . 
  you 'll `` just '' need to find a job and be close and speak reasonably the language . 
  that 's the point of shengen and free circulation/free market in fact !, 
  but on the border odds are it 's not x3 as a ratio . 
  prices are likely already higher in the area and wages lower on the border . 
   would n't everyone just want to leave ? 
  well , did you left your country to live in nyc or south korea ? 
  theorically you can , and you could try getting a foot in finance or arts or something and get a 4-to-5figs a month hypothetically . 
  in reality it 's not always that easy, 
   france has a high youth unemployment unlike germany ? 
  but a low poverty rate . 
  wages where very low for quite a time in germany so it managed to be litterally lower than welfare ( read like 2/3 $ / hour wages ) for a serious time before germany reinstated minimal wage in their country . 
  so a lot of people simply did n't took a job anymore because it did n't even paid the gasoline and food to work there . 
  plus ( not going to lie ) ; learning german is hard for a native french speaker :p but i guess if you want you can indeed cross the border and work , supposing you find a job paying enough ; that 's the point of shengen & the inner market, 
  why would they move to germany ??? 
  well i mean , nothing prevent you either from doing it with your passport i suspect . 
  most people work in their home country if they can . 
  poles might if the salary is significantly higher , but otherwise meh, 
  well yes , but owning a port or multiple ones in every country as a goal certainly count as a trade empire !, 
  ^ ( albeit i would n't complain and try to build more ports in occident ), 
  i had the distinct impression that china was investing the bulk of their foreign cash reserve to try to build a trade empire . 
  sort of peacefull imperialism that was more morally acceptable in the xxist ( ie without firing a shot ) . 
  hard to blame them tho , we did exactly the same with the eu o :-), 
  they likely invested a lot too . 
  last i heard , china sees the greek country as an opportunity because it 's both cheap and still under eu legislation . 
  the fact there is so little cash left in the country means your own local businessmen passed a lot of business opportunities the chinese can now invest in . 
  yay more funding and ressources & talents for the space program , 
  i assume he meant `` stuck up '' and poorly translated from french slang, 
   in the uk even the immigrants do n't like immigrants . 
  well sectarianism never was a new thing . 
  you know who hate muslims more than any redneck ever will ? 
  other muslims . 
  oh they are still here . 
  they `` merely '' got overpowered by the neoconservatives . 
  people like murdoch who by now calls all the shots . 
   or better . 
  there had n't been any worthy juncker memes for a while . 
  good to see the guy still delivers . 
  junckers is the europe i like . 
  enthusiastic , flamboyant and possibly tipsy . 
  ^ ( the worst part is i somewhat agree with you there :d ) ; if only because the us/uk neocons ( gop , torries & other jesus right wing ) made fun illegal in their corner - something i think deep down is actually dangerous for society - and that drives them crazy ( even if i guess merkel is probably right that he should n't be that drunk when meeting diplomatic personnal from afar ), 
   cocaine still sounds better . 
  yeah but you can only take so much at once before falling sick haha ... 
   what does all the money in the world worth if you ca n't even buy yourself bags and bags of cocaine with it ? 
  that 's a question i asked myself many times . 
  supposedly ; historically , by design , most of that extra money was supposed to fund the building of the country , feeding and rising the lifestyle of the rest of the population and pushing research and technological advancement . 
  that 's what made 50 's america so advanced above everyone else ( that and large amount of cheating by it 's backers when they still had n't gotten full [ greedy gold-loving dwarves falling to the gold sickness ] ( https://lakersrsf.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/the-hobbit-the-battle-of-the-five-armies-richard-armitage-the-hobbit-the-battle-of-the-five-armies-is-an-epic-finale-to-an-epic-saga.jpeg ) ) . 
  nowadays it just seem something a few people in society think they must maniacally hoard at any costs , even if it paralyse everyone else . 
  ( he appears joking , but odds are it was actually bound for there . 
  the traders are reportedly big heavy cocaine users ), 
  that should certainly at least help prevent a number of sources of possible accident ( i mean real accidents , like collisions or technical issues forcing an unknown plane to crash land in foreign territory , this is n't sarcasm ), 
  it 's only cheap because some `` smart '' people convinced the us senate to get them to dump & sell them their entire strategic reserve at like ( once ) 1 % of it 's real value . 
  so they could resell it a bit costlier and make some profit on it . 
  & for companies to have very cheap helium to save money . 
  well i 'm sure it was smart for the profiters . 
  for everyone else tho ... edit : relevant as to how the neocon republicans actually think about the whole topic http://www.wallstreetdaily.com/2015/07/31/helium-policy-prices/ they might end up biting their fingers whole in a few decades tho . 
  because , you want the catch and funny bit ? 
  when all the other supplies will have run out ( including oil ) , you know where the remaining untaped helium is actually still present in the ground ? 
  here 's a hint : it 's the biggest frozen landmass on earth that 's not antartica . 
  oh and they still hate the usa for the cold war . 
  ca n't they just make a general election and cameron re run as an open `` remain '' supporter ?
