  that 'd be their second referendum if they really want it . 
  and if he gets re elected they 'd still have somebody with a brain , that somewhat care about his country more than his own petty political seat ( he proved that when he vouched for remain , then resigned ) and not even corrupt for once . 
  i usually disagree with him about a lot of things , but those are 3 important qualities to look for in a pm imho . 
  otherwise i expect a lot are going to vote for corbyn . 
  just gon na have to watch out to prevent all that fraud against him that 'll inevitably crop up . 
  that you for your highlights , good points, 
   i doubt ireland could afford the subsidy that the uk currently provides no , but the eu can make up the difference . 
  we 're currently subsidizing the entire uk , not just ireland . 
  we can probably manage to funnel ireland an extra b or two from the funds that ( in that brexit no eea scenario ) once went to the uk . 
  now of course if the uk take an eea approach and keep borders , movement & goods & cash flow open at current levels ( basically a near eu member ) ; the point is moot since they 'd keep the subsidies and ireland is likely to stay in the uk ( and the money to take an eu  uk  n ireland road ) . 
  ( scotland is the main candidate for independance in case of brexit . 
  it seems n i will try to stay in case of brexit but eea ), 
   it 's unlikely that fucking up northern ireland is their main goal it 's not their main goal . 
  i would suspect they ( neocons ) just do n't know anymore how to act apart building another guantanamo and tossing their opponents in it & stamping out everything by force as of late . 
  they spent half their late life disconnected from the average citizen . 
  that do n't do wonder to social skills or understanding such problematics . 
  i think he played on that because the uk where reported multiple time for their brutality in the way they treated ira prisonners, 
  thing is , if the uk brexit , northern ireland will be quite better off reunified . 
  basically , after decades of blood in the streets , there was a bit of a peace process where the ira ( the irish resistance ) defacto agreed to lay down their arms and go back civilian in exchange for minority rights and other concessions . 
  of course now the morrons the torries want to replace cameron ( gove , possibly may ) are thinking of cracking down again on the island ... ( 'cause obviously they have nothing better to do than toss gasoline on the smoldering embers of past wars to start their new carreer , right ? 
   prisoner releases should be halted while punishment beatings go on . 
  so he sponsors torture on top of the rest of his bs ? 
  that 's probably why he wants out of the european court of human rights too . 
  and after johnson this is the next guy that fancies himself pm ? 
   you need to change your ca n't to did n't need to . 
  it 'd be like saying `` it 's not i ca n't stop smoking , i do n't need to '', 
  meh , that one looks like only 1cm high :d let 's compare it to real us food like the [ burger lasagna ] ( https://tailgaterivals.com/wp-content/uploads/epic-meal-time-hamburger-lasagna.0.jpg ), 
  til you can get diabete or cholesterol merely from a picture, 
   are you crazy !, 
  what else should we put on our pizzas ? 
  [ burgers ? 
  ] ( http://www.pizzadelivery.org/portals/0/contentimages/bacon-cheese-pizza-burger.jpg ) or maybe [ hot dogs ? 
  ] ( https://cdn.theatlantic.com/assets/media/img/mt/2015/06/image_163/lead_960.jpg?1434038339 ), 
  your stance on immigration seem pretty reasonable to me . 
  it 's not impossible that norway might get a few concessions to contrast the situation with the brexit , tbh . 
  that seem a very probable and realistic scenario ; +1, 
   ca n't happen . 
  wo n't happen . 
  the wto is n't going to give a fuck that we 're breaking eu laws . 
  life is going to keep being just as full of disappointment for the brexiters as past brexit theories :-)  ireland is n't in schengen ireland is in the eu and defacto basically in shegen , despite having never ratified the paperwork . 
   the eu has no power over irelands visa policy . 
  i suggest you document yourself in a hurry :-)  scotland will never join the eu if visas are required to visit england . 
  oh no if you close the border we will ask the same , different thing   they 'd almost certainly get a schengen opt out too . 
  the optouts is a neocon/torry-con only obsession nowadays ... 
  they 're the only europarty that ca n't talk/think about anything else  i do n't think you realise how often eu laws are ignored . 
  in fact , your country ( france ) is one of the biggest offenders of ignoring eu law . 
  lol like about what ? 
   germany also has more infringements than us . . about what ? 
   we 're the most compliant major economy . 
  while talking about closing borders illegally and violating every single last trade treaty ever ? 
  haha . 
  is cocaine still such a rampant problem in the office ? 
   we will ignore eu law if we need to , and nothing will happen . 
  ohhhh is that hsbc ? 
  i think we 're going to re open that folder written `` fiscal advantage if they move in paris '' . 
   not even counting that we 'd stop buying pounds once again and the value would lose once again another 20 to 30 % the day you start ignoring eu treaties . 
  we 're not going to fund billions to the country that loudly claim they 're going to fuck us over and that `` you ca n't do anything '' are n't we ? 
   1 ) do n't invoke article 50  2 ) ignore eu law and start negotiating trade deals with other countries . 
   3 ) ignore any rulings against us . 
  that 's how you get a 15-20 % punishment tariff applied immediatly on any transaction between the eu and uk  the eu ca n't legally impose tariffs worse than the wto ones the wto personnal has been known to be quite imaginative on their rulings when they want to be dicks  so if we 're getting them anyway there 's really no harm in acting hostile to the eu . 
  they ca n't punish us worse . 
  grab the popcorn boys . 
  in that case i 'd sense the eea agreement with double extra `` fuck you '' fees . 
  oh you do n't want the eea either ? 
  damn , you do n't like freedom of movement ? 
  i hope you like the idea of having to fill visas to go to ireland or scotland . 
  well it 'll be just like at home with the other corrupt bloodsuckers :d, 
  i 'm desperately trying to follow your image of juncker palpatine , without much succes . 
  this is the most unlikely thing ever . 
  while he might try shooting lightning from his hands , if there is a wannabe crazy dictator , i do n't think it 's him . 
   of course both sides are trying to maximize their benefit . 
  if by that you mean the conservative are forced to stop lying to everyone constantly on everything while plundering the country , then yes at least a lot of people will benefit from it . 
   oh i know , but the irony of the leave campaign using eu privacy legislation would be too gloriously silly . 
  haha . 
  is it valid tho in that case ? 
  i mean , the privacy law in question was intended for private personnal stuff , and not big public political campaigning . 
  i 'm not sure i have a perfect answer , admittedly ; it 's falling within the ethics domain and debatable, 
   most of the things you 've mentioned ca n't be redirected easily because of how they are defined by appropriations laws and the institutional intransigence of the u.s. government . 
  ( the f-35 is a debacle but its impossible at this point to kill the program because it has so much momentum . ), 
  and what happen when the entire spending budget is like that ? 
   both sides are financed by the same corporate donors and face similar pressures . 
  i do n't disagree , but the republicans have been pretty vocal about cutting foodstamps , forcing people throught weekly drug testing for getting welfare , going as far as disabling their credit card on the atm `` to prevent them from spending it all on booze and drugs '' ( thereby making the welfare unusuable ) ; offering giant tax breaks and corporate subsidies to the richest ... http://www.ibtimes.com/paul-ryan-gop-eye-23b-food-stamp-cuts-2017-budget-2369301 http://www.ncsl.org/research/human-services/drug-testing-and-public-assistance.aspx http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/national/economy/article24784612.html http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/gop-passes-massive-tax-break-millionaires-billionaires if as a politician you cut food money to 40 millions people , pass in a 7 work day week ( wisconsin anyone ? 
  ) , disable some people 's bank accounts `` because it 's going to be used on booze '' but you give an additionnal $ 10 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 in tax breaks to your billionaires friends and $ 50 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 in appropriation spending to your other billionaire friends , i will see you as a crooked thief . 
  and that 's how i see quite a number of gop heavy weights . 
   nah , did n't happen in the 2000s and it wo n't happen now . 
  the party and country have changed a lot in the last 10 years and there are serious blocks to prevent that from happening . 
  i 'm not too worried . 
  i do n't trust them , and i do n't think i ever will . 
  and i think the people in the 2000 's that made up half of bush cabinet 's were outright criminals with a colossal amount of blood on their hands in afghanistan , iraq , and they planed iran too . 
  i was happy to see them leave out power , but now it 's obvious they 're trying to get back in for more easy money . 
   what trump can do as potus is very limited . 
  yes and no . 
  because the senate is a supply side establishment rubberstamping tool right now , if they get both the house and the president and/or justice in their pocket ( scotus ? 
  ) , the republican party will pretty much have unchecked , unlimited political power over the usa with very few capable of telling them `` no '' if they decide to abolish welfare , healthcare or food stamps overnight and just give it all as corporate welfare to trump industries ( or say , their corrupt friends building the f35 who likely grossly overbilled a lot of things multiple times , with sometime a price as much as x30 ; remember the 20 million euro km of road concrete material in eastern europe ? 
  it 's the same ) in a new `` supply side friendly '' budget this time ( because , quite frankly the f35 is the goddam symbol of their corrupt process running the things and that mainly serves to mislead a lot of money while underdelivering way too late ) . 
   tax reform is the biggest thing that people are expecting . 
  there are serious problems with our tax code there is a problem , agreed . 
   and the republicans are the only party with enough institutional investment to fix the system . 
  but , the republicans are also financed by people like the koch and walton brothers or donald trump , who also happen to do n't like paying taxes at all.so i 'm pretty warry of their planed changes somehow . 
  because , this is the true face of a full republican ( conservative ) party dominated america .
