  and they have a very low corruption rate & gov that runs decently & decent economico-social standards so little issues on that side either ( well nothing that prevent joigning the eu , they might want to address it but it 's within acceptable european standards ) . 
   bf1 is not supposed to be a history lesson , it 's a fun shooter first and foremost . 
  to be fair it 'd be like remaking the tv show `` the pacific '' ( [ from the creators of band of brothers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_pacific_%28miniseries%29 ) ) with only the chinese and japanese and russians , and not portray in the americans and arguing that `` it 's just fiction so we do n't have to be realistic '' . 
  that 'd feel a bit pushing it . 
  oh and verdun was 1 million french soldiers casualties ( and as many germans ) . 
  portraying verdun without the french army is like stallingrad without the russians . 
  there where so many casualties in that battle it kind of traumatized society ( which led to the `` never again '' mentality that allowed the germans to run rampant at the beggining of wwii because nobody wanted to start it ), 
  the funny thing is everytime news does n't fit some people 's world view they just labelize it `` tinfoil conspiracy ! '', 
  and decide to deny reality . 
  if anyone wonders how radical governments can end up pushing country wide propaganda ; that 's how . 
  yeah right political ppl would never do that , buy the press and lie with it / s, 
   and none of yours there 's a dozen of french people that have been arrested and await trial . 
  a few russians awaits deportation back to russia too i think . 
  i think arrests where pretty fair . 
  the public discourse in medias however is pretty one sided . 
   exhibit 1 | exhibit 2 well til . 
  but as you point out the police went in pretty quickly and did it 's job correctly and autonomously ? 
   lol so you 're admitting you think the french are getting away with it because it 's their country , no , i 'm talking about the context of the ultra 's ban from the country during the euro : we can ban ppl from attending events , but it 's going to be tough to prevent them from hanging in their own streets because we wo n't assign a cop to each french citizens `` just in case of '' . 
  so if they really want to start incidents , that 'll crop up anyway , just elsewhere in the country . 
  there is n't a border checkpoint we can put and tell people `` nu uh your name is on the blacklist for a year for football violence sorry '' . 
   and you ca n't possibly detain them for months like you 've done ours ? 
  oh yes if they do something and get caught they 'll face justice all the same , or so i hope . 
  justice is ought to be blind to your appearance or origin ; and judging gravity of the actions in their context and whether it was appropriate or not in our society ( and whether you were guilty or not ofc ), 
   a murder the person did n't died . 
  thankfully , assuming that person recovers fully too ; that day is a `` near perfect '' if there is such a thing ; nobody died of the fighting at the euro , as far as i know . 
  ( unlike what happened in orlando at a simultaneous period . 
   i note you 've nothing to say about the french hooligans attacking english fans . 
  actually it 's possible they did start as much shit . 
  simply speaking : - i have no such info about the topic , but if you have , feel free to talk . 
  yeah i 'm biased by what i know , sorry - it 's gon na be tough to expulse ourselves from our own country , right ? 
  that 's why we ( frenchs ) `` only '' ( mainly ) do arrests of the most rowdy that ca n't stop when the police tell them to and break the fight, 
   this does n't require a response . 
  it 's now evident why you are such an apologist for aggressive russian behaviour . 
  what the hell . 
  let me tell you what happened there : - 1 \u00b0 ) english ultra get drunk - 2 \u00b0 ) english ultra push french passerby under metro - 3 \u00b0 ) english ultra pretend to english media that it was an english supporter pushed by frenchs or russians supporters under a metro ; a flagrant lie - 4 \u00b0 ) it appears when the person is taken to hospital that he says he 's french ( my link above ) - 5 \u00b0 ) but that 's not politically correct to have backed lies in the media right ? 
  let 's pretend it was a suicide and unrelated !, 
  victim blaming & political hypocrisy & recovering at it 's finest . 
   right , singing songs is not equivalent to having trained ultra 's following innocent fans and beating them unconscious . 
  you tell me there 's 10 english fan yelling in your ears for 5min `` we 're gon na kick your arse '' while toying with chairs , spilling your drink , tossing you and yelling you `` whatdyagonna duh uh whatdyagonna du '' and you tell me you would n't end up punching them at some point . 
   our information the accident was a suicide attempt and was not linked to violence between groups of supporters . 
  ( ... ) will you please stop blaming suicide attempts on `` everyone else '' . 
  that 's a political cover up . 
  because we hate russia for invading crimea apparently our politicians decided to twist events to blame them of english fan 's doing or at least innocent themselves . 
  i think that mob justice mentality will just get ppl killed . 
   england went from being a country where football games had to be stopped because hooligans ripped seats out of the stadium to one where it 's almost non existant . 
  yet i saw them go heckle ppl pub by pub in marseille while singing brexit or ukraine stuff just to provokate locals or russians or whoever looked tough enough . 
  so , we can either keep the political hypocrisy going and find new excuses when ppl die even after banning the russians , or we can admit several sides where guilty there  and we certainly do not have high-ranking politicians supporting football violence . 
  no , but they 're supporting 1 \u00b0 ) that * obviously * their dear supporters have nothing to do with violence and would `` never '' do that 2 \u00b0 ) let 's blame russia and ignore the real problem for cheap political points ( 3 \u00b0 ) then obviously that mp that encouraged it the other day is a morron but i digress , it 's just as bad from the english to say they 're 100 % innocent of that ), 
  i know hating the russians is the way to go right now , but that 's only part of the problem : if the english do n't stop provoking people at random either and just blame russian supporters for everything ; they 'll just get somebody else killed , russians or no russians . 
  they had drunkenly pushed somebody under a metro in marseille the other day remember ? 
  then they promptly blamed it on everyone else . 
  then political cover up smh http://www.lequipe.fr/football/actualites/la-prefecture-dement-la-rumeur-d-un-supporter-anglais-tue-dans-le-metro-de-marseille/693694 so either the englishs admit they got a problem with football violence too instead of just yelling `` russians ! '', 
  ; and actually address it too ; or the problem wo n't go anywhere, 
   and with `` crazy '' you mean known , convicted jihadist recruiter , right ? 
  since when one does preclude the other ? 
  breivik was a fringe right wing recruiter and batshit crazy . 
  \\  tl ; dr : crazy yelled `` allahu ackbar '' , knifed an out of duty french police officer & his wife . 
  got killed by police reinforcements . 
   the 150 russian football supporters `` were well prepared for ultra-rapid , ultra-violent action '' and were able to evade arrest , a city prosecutor said . 
  translation : drunk football fans do n't hesitate a split second before punching back anyone surprized here ? 
  haha  an england fan , who is in an induced coma with severe brain injuries admittedly ok that one cross the line, 
  hiv already exists in europe . 
  the reason it 's so high in russia and some other countries ( ukraine ? ), 
  is due to rampant drug abuse with reused needles , widespread prostitution for food and base needs , and ppl that ca n't afford common early or later treatments that could reduce a lot of cases . 
  ie solve poverty and social despair pacifically if you want to solve that one . 
  yeah , they could be eu one day . 
  after rebuilding ( investment , rebuilding of social services , new utilities , etc etc ) and decorruption on the scale of poland tho . 
  and it 's not going to happen any time soon . 
  think 20 years mini , after that ukraine story . 
  nobody 's denying the russians ' / soviets ' sacrifices during wwii . 
  but that does not excuse country-wide oligarchic plundering , routine assassinations , unpaid teachers , collapsing healthcare , having an economy that works on oil only or invading ukraine . 
  it 's going to be very unpopular for the russians to hear us says so , but ppl are still giving us a lot of crap for letting romania ( and others ) joigning before addressing it 's problems . 
  yes russia is a major power ( and romania never was since constantinople became istanbul ) , but they 're badly damaged from the inside . 
  probably on the same scale . 
  the country possibly never recovered from the cold war 's damages imho ( and i do n't mean `` the loss of territory of the ussr '' , i mean even all the shit that disappeared during the 90 like the abandonned infrastructure everywhere well within russian lands or the deep poverty ) . 
  regardless of the cause , the country will have to recover first and it 's population to have less trouble with daily life before they be able to decide whether they wants to join the eu . 
  and posturing will somehow have to stop from both sides of the old cold war too ( this ai n't going to be easy after invading crimea , few people trust the country after that land grab ) . 
   but they have somewhere to live , have access to clean water , have clothes , can afford to buy food etc ? 
  it 's not poverty you 're talking about , it 's relative poverty . 
  i 'm sorry but everytime that somebody answer that `` there is no poverty in europe because you can afford food and clothes and water '' i want to start punching people . 
  jesus christ , this is n't a `` miracle '' . 
  this is n't wealth . 
  this is fucking basic standards that existed even during the roman era , that is 2000 years ago . 
  and we 're considering this * wealth * now ? 
  fuck this logic . 
   gets arrested at airport well you already have the tsa that makes you feel like a criminal under arrest every time you get close to an us airport so  . , 
  so are we talking about isis twitterios that advocate & apologize for terrorist bombings ; or are we talking about people that where just drunk & stupid ? 
   well switching to electic cars would increase energy demand significantly . 
  norway would probably need to open a couple of factories or a couple of large fields windmills to meet the demand . 
  2025 as deadline is pretty ambitious . 
  a very common but false belief : - car consumption would remain nearly insignificant next to industrial & business use . 
  a few mere % of the power grid at worse - if you charge it at mostly night ( by plugging when you commute back ) you do n't need anything more , since the power consumption is significantly lower at night anyway but you do n't demolish powerplants everynight so they generally mass idle . 
  i 'm kindah surprized it took them that long to yell `` litterally hitler ! '', 
  something we see from time to time with war casualties . 
  the brain is sometime rebuilding following curious ways along curious patterns after massive damage that otherwise left the original zones fubar . 
  guess that brain used `` french '' patterns ( or likely what the guy perceived as such ) to fill in \\* shrugs \\* ( albeit somebody might have watched too much action movies haha ), 
  hey that looks like the highway in boston in fallout 4 :d, 
   he looks like palpatine in his senator form , http://lenachan.eu/b/src/1440280280279.jpg  and he 's almost ready to turn into an evil sith dictator and conquer europe . 
  a bit late for that , he 's already in charge :d, 
  something i would agree with ; and somehow following the release of the rest of the prisonners in russia,
