ah , alright ok  makes sense, 
  there are multiple treaties and you 're only quoting a small part of one . 
  but it 's funny to see russian try to rule-lawyering their way  and ireland can continue their policies of neutrality . 
  yeah that 's why the irish nationals are part of the uk 's army and not irish one by large, 
   so why you care now ? 
  because i guess i 'm one of those french idiots that cheered for the ato ? 
   or even help with a lethal weapon yet somehow the frontline is holding against 5 times it 's numbers, 
   the eu framework for common defense includes an opt out no it does not in it 's current form . 
  an attack on an eu state is an attack on all eu states . 
  now the eu state getting attacked is not obligated to call on it . 
  but bruxelles would be forced to react if called upon , and that likely means the french military . 
  and since the baltics have little defense force unhelped , they 'd have to call for backup ( or we 'd notice they need it ) , and , that essentially means if russia invades an eu country and trump refuse to pick up the nato phone , french military will have to step in accordingly ( and that trump 's credibility would be ruined ) . 
  people who are getting fucked over i guess ? 
  remember how you felt when the budapest memorandum was ignored ? 
  yeah . 
  anyway all of the east border states are in the european common security agreement so france would be forced to react in case of invasion . 
  but that 'd look real great for the us under trump to run away in the mean time / s, 
  what . 
  this is n't what the agreements says . 
  somebody reads ( amongst others ) the ukrainian pravda she leads and eliminate his or her opponents , or even tries to kill prytula herself ? 
  it was a car bomb i heard, 
   live rounds in germany ? 
  must have spent their entire years supply . 
  do n't worry they can always switch back to tactical broomsticks once they run out of live ammo ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  just a normal day in balkans, 
  giving his opponents mass death penalty would be a reminder of very dark times in europe . 
  oh yeah because when your country is already unstable there 's nothing better than just tossing large amounts of weapons floating around everywhere not in military/police hands / s this is pandering to the american gop/jesusland neocons and their nra/2nd amendment pillow ( while arming islamist militias unstopped ), 
  a legal definition to punish people has to be based on their actions . 
  not `` they thought something illegal '' ; otherwise you 're going full on thought police which is one of the few things even worse, 
  so you can identify them ? 
  or do you deport everyone that entered a mosque `` just to be sure to have all the extremists '' ? 
  / s if somebody is caught doing radical things they already risk loosing nationality , facing deportation and yadda and that 's already making scandals at home . 
  blanket deportations of all muslims that did n't even yet done anything `` in case of '' might be going a bit too far do n't you think ? 
  yep , but the problem is they do n't exactly have an islamist flag above the head in occidental countries most of the time . 
  sure you can count on the daesh retards or nusra to wave it in their corner , but not here ; ( and the few that do are generally closely watched if we do n't simply move after them ), 
   when was the last time we had a jewish terrorist attack ? 
  oh wait ... by the mossad ? 
  97 i think , give or take . 
  ah , i thought he meant erdogan, 
  and what do you define `` islamist '' . 
  if that was a fancy word to say `` muslim '' without admitting to it ; i 'll say `` then replace it by the word jew '' and both you and i will have a serious problem with that mentality of yours . 
  you do n't solve a violence problem by persecuting many millions . 
   he has nothing to lose . 
  except massive sanctions with backing of the us population if he use them as hostage and this goes public ( seriously did i told you i love those ? 
  you can apply them just about anywhere and it costs very little and can be snapped back as needed and that does n't have as much bad blood as bombings attached ) . 
  plus if it were true and i 'd be the us i 'd be seriously considering to just steam in a big warship ( or fuck it , an entire carrier group ) near the coast as a `` fuck you '' edit : i believe the uss dwight d. eisenhower is nearby ? 
   and the other one where it was made to believe that some civilians lynched a soldier is also a fake , they were actually carrying him to get help . 
  his own sister acknowledged that . 
  what the hell ? 
  no that one was n't fake . 
  akp people in civilian did attack soldiers on the bridge ( while singing `` erdogan !, 
  and they tossed him above the bridge side to disappear the body . 
  my best bet is they threathened the sister to say that or they would attack her too . 
  this is disgusting . 
  i 'm sure there are more reasonable ways to defend russia 's honor than having oligarchs spend millions on chartering private plates for fly-alone corgis unhappy with `` mere '' business flight tickets had they flown only in usual business flights , spend half that on welfare on a few russian people and staged a photo op around it , it 'd have costed less and resulted in better actual results for the country, 
   because business class is too uncomfortable for the dogs . 
  at some point i think people should aknowledge those pets flying in business class are already treated better than 90 + % people traveling oo and probably suffered more from missing their boss than `` travel conditions '' in business, 
   without being on board himself . 
  okay this is some next level haha . 
  ever heard of train tickets or economy pet transferts ? 
  http://www.delta.com/content/www/en_us/traveling-with-us/special-travel-needs/pets/pet-travel-options.html poom 200 $ . 
  just saved you $ 499 ' 800 . 
  that 's why defacto the ( ~ ~ ethnic ~ ~ ukrainian ) army is still deployed there in eastern ukraine ( instead of walking back civilian to their old families in the rest of the country ), 
  nice picture :d, 
  ( the french air patrol , an acrobatic flying squadron that do that kind of air demonstrations  july 14 is national day in france ( somewhat equivalent to july 4th in the us i guess ) . 
   you do know that nigel farage and his german wife are both white ? 
  and your point is ? 
   i think you need to learn the difference between xenophobia and racism . 
  ah ; i will admit i did used those terms interchangeably ; maybe it was wrong . 
  my apologies then . 
   he is married to a half indian lady nigel farage is maried to a german woman and reportedly speak mainly german at home yet trashtalks `` continental invaders that dare speak another language '' daylong at the euro parliament and on tv . 
  when asked about it he answered that `` obviously it 's different '' . 
  alright then . 
   .  of course they are 2 different people . 
  but as far as i understood it they were close political allies with a similar brexit base . 
  http://imgur.com/a/fr8ad ^ ^ ^ sorry joke apart , i guess we 'll see how he react as the head of foreign politics . 
  maybe you 're right and he changed his mind / wo n't turn out racist . 
  oh no those are two very differnt things . 
  i simply suspect he follows trumps famous thoughts on the mexicans with the eastern europeans . 
  but may was very clever and offered him a position where he 'll less risk to damage others than himself if he screws up , while still handing him a real position to test his real world skills beyond pure theatrics . 
  if he 's half as good as he says , maybe he 'll go places . 
  if not , it 's not likely too dramatic either . 
  let me guess . 
  it was half the size of a floppy disk in the back of the before-last page . 
  but oh well , this is a first in itself , why am i complaining, 
  ... for the second time ? 
  :d hehehehe, 
   brits are making european politics great again . 
  nah nah he 'll deal with non-eu foreign relations only apparently :d, 
  at that point it 's almost trolling haha . 
  appointing a closet racist to foreign relations , i ca n't help but to stock up on popcorn for the scenes it 'll likely create :d, 
  attempted ? 
  the scene was perfect ahah, 
  \\  implying the eu would n't answer anymore to ze evil imperialistic frenchs & germans :d, 
  probably both are pretty bad . 
  mutilation on childrens is mutilation on childrens . 
  it 's not ok .  and the cops should stop turning blind eyes to it . 
  they are in the uk ? 
  that 's a problem then , agreed, 
  how are we still allowing children mutilations on a religious basis , a practice out of the dark ages .
