  yeah i know . 
  it 's sad how my retarded comment could actually pass as a serious left wing type of argument these days . 
  actually , it 's not even really left wing anymore ; the most common type of sentiment i have heard across the media and public in the last week or two has almost exclusively been `` these ` refugees ' from syria are n't extremists , they 're people just like you and me ; that child refugee who washed up on the shore , imagine it was your child . 
  we need to let them in to make a better lives for themselves . '', 
  it all seems well-meant and sincere , but i firmly believe it 's another form of selfishness in a weird way . 
  everyone just wants to do and say what makes them * feel * good , rather than what 's actually good for both their own people and the migrants, 
  i remember reading somewhere that the illiteracy rate in syria is around 30 % . 
  if that 's true , then the portrayal of syrians as an educated people is incredibly irresponsible , even by media standards . 
  i believe that i need to work on making my sarcasm more obvious, 
   invaders have you not been paying attention to our mainstream news outlets , you ignoramus ? 
  most of the people from syria are clearly from upper middle class , educated , wholesome families . 
  most of the men arriving are former lawyers , doctors , surgeons , university professors , ^ ( isis commanders ) , entrepreneurs , authors , historians , structural engineers , museum curators , theoretical physicists ; the list goes on . 
  their children ; our future astronauts , our future richard dawkins 's , our future champions of enlightenment values . 
  we need to put them to work immediately, 
  `` millies '' lmao !, 
  never heard that one . 
  i should go up north more, 
  holy shit . 
  this is why i love reddit . 
  i checked my account and saw a single message in my inbox , and thought `` oh , maybe that random american that i asked their opinion for on this issue has answered me , but probably n-sweet buttery jesus it 's huge !!!, 
  it 's glorious !!!!, 
  oh ... ahw ... no wayyyy , there 's * two !!!, 
  * '' when i figure out how to give you gold i will . 
  perhaps a reaction to your points as well , whenever i get the time ... 
  i 'm always curious about what non-europeans make of our continent 's issues . 
  what would you be in support of if you were a european right now , with regards to the influx of refugees and migrants ? 
   why is it bullying to have to pay if you do n't do what was agreed ? 
  it 's not . 
  but then , who is going back on any current agreement ? 
  what 's happening here is a pre-emptive measure to force eu countries to take refugees whether they want them or not , under pain of sanctions . 
  clearly that would be bullying . 
  you do n't need to be an expert on the mechanisms in the eu , as you claim to be , in order to understand that even at their most lenient , sanctions are still a bullying tactic . 
  i think we 've actually given the uk the most amount of points of any other country , which i found surprising . 
  what the hell is this shit ?!!!, 
  i 'm struggling to see your message here ... 
  yeah i see what you mean from the map . 
  it 's a geographic cultural divide rather than a generation divide in croatia . 
  i 'm grateful that nowadays in ireland , on most divisive social issues , it is the older generation that is usually standing in the way of progress . 
  i would be incredibly frustrated living in croatia knowing that even people my own age would be voting in a majority against things like gay marriage . 
  in ireland we just have to wait patiently for the older generation to die out to get real change in the country !, 
  just out of curiosity what would be the biggest factors influencing people in croatia on matters such as marriage ? 
  is croatia another country plagued by a very religious , traditionalist , politically active older generation ? 
   we do n't ? 
  absolutely brilliant defence . 
  ignoring insufficient coverage in the us , which is widespread as well , a complete lack of healthcare coverage in the us is linked to between 30-60 thousand deaths annually , depending on the study . 
  i 'm going to assume you do n't think that all of those yearly corpses piling up are made up entirely of irresponsible people who were n't arsed getting coverage ? 
  chances are they were just unable to afford it , despite your country having the means to pay it for them . 
   it 's an inherent flaw . 
  thanks . 
  once again you 've sent me reeling . 
  how exactly is tens of thousands of refugees and migrants showing up in greece and italy and inherent flaw with europe ? 
  are central and south americans crossing your southern border indicative of inherent flaws within the core of us culture ? 
   oh no think of the children !, 
  oh , is that what i said ? 
  no , but i guess it makes it easier to attack that way ... 
  i really do n't know what mental gymnastics are required to say that `` guns are n't the problem '' , in a debate concerning mass shootings . 
  are you saying the problem is modern day americans ? 
  that if not guns , it would be some other easily obtainable device that these people would massacre their fellow citizens with ? 
  we do n't see guns as tools for evil for the most part ; we see them as an unnecessarily dangerous instruments that can cause all kinds of complications and misery wherever they are widespread . 
  the heated dispute on one 's street between neighbours who despise each other ; the depressed teenager who has lost all hope and love for life and people ; the two petty rival gangs in a housing estate ; the toddler who ca n't leave any object in the house alone : all are common situations that should be impotent both in europe and the us , but have the potential to be devastating with the introduction of a gun , and thus more likely to end in disaster in the us . 
  this is what you must admit to being okay with when supporting gun ownership among the regular citizenry . 
  if you think it is all worth it because of whatever freedom owning a firearm gives , then so be it . 
  if it makes you feel like you 're more in control and safe against whatever threatens you over there , then great . 
  just do n't think that the main enemies of the regular us citizen - those ensure large college debt , extremely expensive healthcare and less and less job security can be beaten back with guns ... 
   and we 'd eliminate a `` sneer '' activity for europeans whose economies are in the shitter well , if we want to pay attention to those who are sneering ( yourself not far behind them ) , i hope you would realise that they will be doing the same over their respective economies in many cases , seeing as most places in europe do n't let their citizens die en masse due to lack of sufficient access to healthcare , nor have they had wage stagnation or outrageous hikes in education costs like the us has had over the last few decades . 
  your nation still produces an enormous amount of wealth with arguably higher worker productivity than prior decades , and yet your middle class is still shrinking . 
  with this in mind , i do n't think you ought to be paying too much attention to the economies of different european states . 
   whose shores are overwhelmed by migrants more an accident of geography in most cases , as opposed to any inherent flaw within the european states themselves . 
  germany and sweden excluded , for now . 
   whose militaries are paper tigers even if it were 100 % true , why is that even relevant in an comment that is trying to counter supposed european ` sneering ' about gun crime and mass-shooting in the us ? 
   whose fellow europeans are slaughtered by russia and ignored ignored by the us as much as europe . 
  the western encroachment upon ukraine and the subsequent provocation of russia and her sympathisers was instigated by the us in a continuous breaking of faith in post-cold war agreements with the former ussr . 
  in a relatively rare and bizarre appearance abroad , the head of the cia was even in kiev before the putsch of ukraine 's legitimate government under yanukovych - meeting the various `` partners and friends '' of his organisation , which at best are the public interest groups promoting anti-russian rhetoric and pro-eu/nato propaganda , and at worst - well - we can only guess because we 'll likely never know . 
  & nbsp ; as for the gun debate - it really is quite simple once you put the grandstanding from each faction aside . 
  it is just a question of whether or not the countless and inevitable tragedies involved in the widespread ownership of something that can cause death with such ease are worth it in the pursuit of law-abiding citizens being permitted to own lethal weapons . 
  most in the us have seemingly elected that the death and tragedy is worth it in order to have this freedom - to the joy of arms manufacturers , no doubt . 
  personally , i 'm just happy that i live in a country that has gladly thrown aside what little arms its citizenry had once they were no longer required . 
   i do n't think there is any government nor political party outside of the various far rights who actually want to see the brexit happening drivel . 
  in ireland , some of the most vocal anti-eu types are social democrats , socialists , and so on ; i would n't say it is much different in other eu states . 
  you do n't have to be some far right * front national * - type to oppose an emerging bureaucratic super-state that many just wanted to be a free trade area , not one that increasingly imposes its own laws that override those of the individual member states . 
  it is especially the case in england that these eu laws are leaving a bitter taste for those who know about them , because england has its own proud traditions of law making that go back centuries , and have served both them , and the nations that have copied them very well . 
  & nbsp ; promoting the concept that a nation should act in its own citizen 's best interests , and that this should be achieved through a sovereign and completely independent legislature is not right or left wing . 
  it is just nationalism . 
  no , i do n't think they will remove this one . 
  it is far too indirect at painting the muslim culture in europe in a bad light . 
  it 's the stories that make european muslims look unequivocally very bad that they tend to target , presumably because they do n't want anyone viewing the sub to learn how bad things are in parts of europe right now . 
  it is by and large too late for that now . 
  the muslim population in europe is now quite significant , and the best we can hope for is limit further mass-immigration and to treat those that have immigrated with dignity , and hope that their communities will integrate and slowly secularise over the coming decades . 
  along with close surveillance of their communities ( which rarely seems to thwart any attack ) , we have to accept the reality of the naive ideology that allowed them to flood into certain areas around europe , and recognise that not everyone will act like native europeans even when given equal opportunities as us , and to act accordingly in all our nations ' best interests . 
  well , the high rise apartment projects ( many of which have thankfully been demolished in ireland recently ) came about because across europe at that time , rapid and efficient construction projects to re-house people following wwii became commonplace , and the uk , france & ireland used that general architectural trend in central europe to begin a relocation of people from old inner city slum-like dwellings into affordable high rise apartments around the edge of the city . 
  it coincided with the accepted idea that the old industries at the centre of cities that were the lifeblood of these communities were largely going or gone already , and there were little reasons in the eyes of economists and city planners for the working class to be taking up valuable city land , when they could supposedly make a living anywhere in the emerging , de-centralised service-based economies of western europe . 
  less cynically , it was also an attempt to deal with a skyrocketing urban population . 
  unfortunately in ireland this translated as widespread demolishing of very nice , albeit dilapidated georgian brick houses , and the smaller , nonetheless nice looking brick terraced housing that can be still seen in large numbers around the old industrial areas of places like yorkshire . 
  & nbsp ; as for the non-apartment buildings ( like [ this ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3948/15499941659_4e05cb9a17_b.jpg ) monstrosity on my way to university ) , who knows what they were thinking ... 
  at least architecture does n't tend to be as bad . 
  i can not think of a single thing that was built in ireland from 60s - early 80s that does n't need to be demolished immediately . 
  if he has one , i imagine it is that white people are capable of causing civil unrest in certain parts of the world as well , and so importing civil unrest in the form of somali immigrants to sweden ought to be considered inconsequential , because white swedes are on the brink of rioting and burning their communities anyway ... 
  yes , context is important . 
  if there 's a guy yelling from a street corner to burn blacks out of their homes and people generally ignore him , there is no real reason for any serious action . 
  although it would be best for the authorities to monitor the guy in some way and encourage him to shut up .
