   or are you claiming that needing an army is something unique to ireland ? 
  as for the `` size matters '' remark before that , i do n't see how that should alleviate my discomfort concerning sovereignty ? 
  if anything it makes it worse . 
  certainly free movement of people is one of those `` size matters '' issues that the eu legislates for , and by doing so provides yet another example of how it limits the ability of the member nation to control its own future by way of fully controlling the people who enter the country . 
   the efficacy is much larger when presenting a unified front . 
  efficacy for who ? 
  if the eu is unified in some issue except for ireland as it was for the treaty of lisbon , then what relevant efficacy is there for ireland ? 
   even those mayors would n't bother to free much time for every small european state , let alone the national chinese government says who ? 
  ireland did n't need the eu for making its very successful trade deals with china in recent years , and being a member of a tightly regulated trading block poses complications of its own for smaller states like mine in the domain of trade . 
   clearly an eu-china meeting is much more effective in getting things done again , better for who ? 
  is every member state 's position maximised by pursuing it by themselves , or by letting it be done via a union with competing internal national interests that pursues a one size fits all approach . 
  i would very much argue that the individual nations are capable of maximising their own position with china better than having it done for them with a loose consensus from a union . 
   by your reasoning , sovereignty just kind of evaporates and in the end no member states has sovereigntly left . 
  that 's precisely what i was trying to explain i * was n't * doing in my last comment . 
   make an argument instead of calling names . 
  i did n't call you any names . 
  i have certainly provided some arguments , but looking at the second-last quote of you , it seems you are not reading some of them . 
   so the people of cork do n't have sovereignty because crucial decisions are being made by the irish government ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  indeed that does n't make much sense . 
  the only way the people of cork would be transferring their sovereignty to the irish government in the way i am talking about would be if cork was previously an independent self-governing city-state often with completely different interests , a different legal tradition , and a different culture to the rest of ireland . 
  but it does n't , because it is integrated into an ancient society that has a common language , a common history , and a common culture . 
  this is a bit more complex than literally having no sovereignty when part of an eu member nation . 
  i am saying that they have * less * sovereignty when in the eu , because the mechanisms by which they can control the country are , as you say , transferred away from the local national institutions to a supranational entity that comprises member states that at best , have a passing interest in affairs specific to ireland , and at worst have interests contradicting those of the people of cork , or galway , or wherever . 
  decisions deferred further away from the people on the ground in institutions that must consider the wishes of other nations on every single issue constitutes a diminished , or a complete loss of sovereignty in many cases . 
  the fact that you seemingly can not even comprehend the conceptual and practical differences between different levels of regional authorities and their national institutions , and the differences between those national institutions and the institutions of a supranational entity like the eu , then there is something seriously lacking in your understanding of what nation states are . 
   there is no loss of sovereignty in the eu , but a transfer . 
  that is a loss of what people mean by sovereignty in most cases . 
  look at a european country like switzerland with regards to their law making , monetary policies , and policies towards immigration and compare that to belgium or ireland and you will quickly begin to see the way in which membership of the eu and the eurozone curtails the means by which a nation of people can determine their own future . 
   interesting . 
  wow !, 
  i 'm surprised you did n't know about this !, 
   stop persecuting homosexuals ? 
  clearly , you also are n't aware of the main institution in which homosexuals have found refuge from community persecution for the last ~ 1,800 years . 
  genuinely last comment now . 
  goodbye . 
   denies science could n't help myself : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pontifical_academy_of_sciences, 
   you are a fruitcake who would tell little children to be quiet in bed or a closet full of demons will come in at night and eat their face . 
  look back at our comments and honestly point out where you could come to that conclusion about me without being a retard about it . 
   furthermore , there is like an 86 % chance that your control issues manifest themselves in your molestation of children . 
  the first sentence of one of my comments stated that this is n't a matter of controlling anything or anyone . 
  you just have to constantly dumb things down to your level to be able to even say something other than a blatant insult . 
  not my problem . 
   sad . 
  this started as an attempt to help you with understanding how some conceptions of morality and goodwill can be sourced through the influence of christianity , but you could n't stay with that for more than a single comment before veering off into some wild american identity politics rant about a republican father fucking a 17 year old male prostitute 's boy pussy in a motel and abstinence only education . 
  & nbsp ; your replies went from ignorant to obnoxious to sad , and i am not replying to you anymore . 
   sorry that your christian voodoo control spell does n't work on me . 
  lol . 
  the cringe intensifies . 
   how many women are chained up in your cellar right now ? 
  honest question pathetic . 
  not a single one of my points were addressed throughout this discussion , and it is clear that you know this and are out of ideas about what to say . 
  no , but it should be a pointless thing for you to know and if you are asking it is likely that i am wasting my time talking to you . 
  no , i 'm not a christian . 
  are you not going to engage with what i am saying at all now ? 
   everything you just wrote expresses a need for religion because of the control and influence it has over people . 
  not because of its ability to `` control '' . 
  all sorts of things have the ability to influence people that ought not to pique our interest all that much . 
  the ones that should pique our interest are those things that have been tried and tested for over a thousand years and can still provide returns above and beyond the types of common practices that abound in our society . 
  all sorts of ideologies contain wisdoms and certain insights that can be considered truths , but with christianity we have an ideology that lies at the core of almost all of the most successful societies on the planet , showing that at the very least it can * coincide * with those levels of success , and at the very most ( beyond what i would argue ) is the sole reason for their success . 
   you would advocate for a religion because it strikes fear into people for consequences of their behavior . 
  i would advocate for anything which can consistently compel people to act in a positive way above and beyond what they would default to naturally . 
  if that can be achieved through fear ( it rarely can because fear is too much of a junk energy to be used consistently in a constructive way ) , then so be it . 
  it is better to have people not robbing because of fear ( or `` control '' as you seem to like putting it ) of the legal punishment that will be dished out than people without that fear , would you not agree ? 
  i believe that man has not evolved at all over the short time of the organised church , and that the lessons that christian tradition brought to ireland and elsewhere before and after the early medieval period are still required today . 
  i also believe that at a minimum , a population that has a basic faith in the notion of a prime mover that filled the universe with order and purpose , and crucially to which we will have to answer for everything we have done and said in life after we die - this will end up with a population that among other things is more conscientious to attempt be good at heart , as opposed to just giving the appearance of being good . 
  as the influence of religion declines in the west , this increasing trend of merely giving the appearance of being good is very perceptible when you read the thoughts and attitudes of previous generations and begin to see the grit and grain of their patterns of behaviour . 
  also perceptible is the shift to behaviours since at least the '60s that is bordering on idolatry towards public figures - be they political or otherwise - that were very much resisted in our earlier societies because they constantly tried to instill into people that such love and adulation must never be turned towards mortal men . 
  this will never not be a wise thing to teach . 
  in response to my initial outlining of the concept of common grace and saving grace and how it relates to the ` morality and goodwill originating in the church ' question that you asked the other user , i get an initial reply in which the first line could could have been answered by actually reading my comment , a second line that shows a non-existent grasp of either history or of christianity , and now a second comment that includes the following : & nbsp ; abstinence only education , clump of cells , father fucking a 17 year old male prostitute 's boy pussy in a cheap motel , dick in a alter boys , weak minded people , tool of the state , christian = scientologist , dark age of religious control ... & nbsp ; this comment was not only painfully american and an embarrassing indictment on your modern culture and education ( or in the slim chance that you are irish , an even greater embarrassment to our own ) , but it is also embarrassing for me because this was more or less how i spoke when i was going through my enlightened atheist euphoria when i was a teenager - before i actually started reading the bible and its core accompanying philosophies , from augustine to aquinas down through erasmus , and before i began connecting the obvious dots between their thinking and how the unique tradition that they were a part of contributed to the most successful league of societies on the planet . 
  seeing as the word `` irish '' is in your username , i would like you to at least read about the impact of christianity on this little windswept island , it and how its impact was very far from being a dark age of anything . 
  this will require reading history books of ireland during what is usually referred to as the early medieval period . 
  okay your first sentence completely spoke past what i said . 
  the second sentence is just retarded when you consider the success of the societies that have until very recently been overwhelmingly guided by christianity and administered through legal systems that are grounded in its philosophies . 
  of all the most thoughtful and selfless people i have known in my life , all have been devout christians , and so it did n't work out so badly for them or the countless others who have found guidance in the bible . 
  not him but the general idea about morality and goodwill is that there is a certain ` base ' of it present in most people referred to in christian tradition as the common grace of man such as being naturally averse to causing major harm to innocents and wanting to help people to a certain extent . 
  the saving grace that christianity concerns itself with obviously comes through faith in christ along with abiding by his teachings . 
  many of these teachings are not something that we default to naturally , and so it could be argued that these ` saving ' teachings and the system of morality that it establishes do in fact originate in the west through christianity . 
  i am out of the loop . 
  what 's with the flag then ? 
  i thought it odd for people to downvote the opinion of a pole on their own capital city , but then i realised you are just a sneaky mon\u00e9gasque . 
   that is a very arrogant thing to claim . 
  polls on basic questions regarding the role of the eu and my own personal experience from speaking to people about the union yield consistently staggering levels of ignorance about the eu in my country . 
  this cuts across the divide between europhile and eurosceptic , but i just wanted to mention it because of the consistent belief among the pro-eu camp that they are on the side dispassionate critical thinking and the other side is just peddling emotional nativist dogma from a position of rural ignorance . 
  i thought i caught that sentiment in your comment , but i will give you the benefit of the doubt that you did not do it intentionally . 
   there is no agenda . 
  after which you try to imply that people against the eu are uneducated hicks , and the opposition to their arguments is akin to the opposition to literal shit . 
  i am a young person in an urban environment attending a third level institution and i can tell you that the vast majority of the pro-eu types in my college have no clue as to how the eu actually operates and what that entails for the member nation - despite their education . 
  instead , they speak more or less in terms of how it is one of these self-justifying progressive entities that only `` the get-off-my-lawn old people in small towns '' could oppose . 
  mind-numbing arrogance from a lot of them . 
  i doubt it . 
  what we disagree on is how influential christianity has been on modern life and the things we value , and subsequently how easily it can still coincide and prop those values up . 
  i 'm saying all of this as an atheist . 
   it 's not that there 's not a core of truth , but you extrapolate very hasty and unnuanced conclusions from it , especially within the context of what the debate was initially about . 
  this is just the problem with brief accounts of vast topics on a website . 
  you certainly did not put up a nuanced show for whatever kind of humanism you were referring to when talking about what influences our modern life the most , even though there are many points there to be made . 
  i ca n't look nuanced summarising these things most of the time . 
  being able to do that is actually a serviceable definition of what having a flair for language is , and i have nothing of the kind . 
  my extrapolations are not really my own , but those of most historical traditions of the great wealth of literature that we have of the english protestant reformation and of the schismatics that formed in the aftermath of it who embarked to the new world . 
  it will become patently obvious to you if you read what these schismatic sects believed that there is a very strong connection between their christian beliefs , the core traditions of the us , and , by extension , many of the core values that have carried on through the 19th and 20th century in the western world .
