  the roman/nazi salute is not potentially dangerous for anyone in the public because making an arm gesture does not necessitate being on mind altering substances like drunkenness does . 
  frankly , i am always annoyed when i 'm reminded that sophisticated countries like germany and austria lock people up for making these offensive expressions . 
  it is one of the reminders to the us and uk that germany is still a very different country on matters of individual liberties . 
   i do n't think you understand that no one wants to destroy religion richard dawkins and the legions of people who agree with him has said that he would choose to do just that if he could . 
  they see it as an infection . 
  it is a new fanaticism that i fear might grow as each decade goes by . 
   what do you think about the `` spiritual but not religious '' crowd ? 
  i 'm not sure what it means . 
  it partly seems like the opposite of what i am . 
  the `` not religious '' part is like me , but the `` spiritual '' seems like codeword for a very vague form of believing in some power beyond what we can comprehend while not taking on board much of any of the bible or the christian philosophies . 
  for me , i am not spiritual at all really , but i fervently believe in the social utility of many aspects of the belief in a just god , along with the utility of many aspects unique to christianity . 
  i try to incorporate them into my life as best i can , and i try to outline their worth to the doubters , but it is difficult because of the lack of belief in the supernatural . 
  i basically try to replicate the impact of a sincere belief on one 's life without being able to hold it myself . 
  no matter how hard i try though , the lack of belief leaves an insidious seed of nihilism in my mind and attitudes , and i fear the disastrous effects of this seed will soon become painfully apparent en masse when most people cast aside not only belief , but the behaviours and attitudes that arose from it . 
   looks like you 're a proficient reddit warrior because you quoted me not sure what the hell that even means . 
  quoting involves literally putting a ''  '' before the word or sentence . 
  `` reddit warrior '' is an interesting term to use for someone who said that they 're just here to `` abuse '' me . 
   i 'm just hungover , trying to care for my nan doing a stellar job i would say . 
  maybe you should read out our conversation to her in between nursing your precious hangover . 
   i 'll ask you a question haha , yeah , because you ca n't answer mine . 
   why even reply to me at all ? 
  because we could potentially have a worthwhile ...  i 'm just going to abuse you . 
  ah , so you are just a worthless troll . 
  that explains it . 
   if you get to the conclusion `` killing is bad '' , then it does n't matter where you took that out of indeed , because it is so basic that i would never try to imply that christianity had anything but a reminder of how central a moral axiom it is in the form of the commandments . 
  it is not the basics that i think is at stake with the decline of christianity as people keep implying with their `` golden rule '' talk , it is a kind of ` optimum ' that i think is at stake if we abandon the basic notion of a just god holding us to account for our actions and words in life . 
  without that , i do n't think people can easily arrive at the same level of conscientiousness as someone who does hold that belief . 
  the believer can of course have the capacity for lower moral behaviours than the religiously apathetic or the fervent atheist , but with christianity at least , i have rarely found a case where this did not result from an obviously faulty reading of scripture or an attitude not calibrated to what the bible wants to instill . 
   i do n't see why writing down a moral code in general would help . 
  really ? 
  i know this will sound patronising , but i do n't think you would really mean that if you gave it more thought . 
  i think it severely overestimates the level of morality that people default to , along with how seriously the lack of a written consensus , religious or secular , would impact itself on a society . 
   and yeah you could get inspired even by things of religions which you do n't believe in certainly . 
  that 's basically what reading the bible and its accompanying philosophies has done for me . 
  although , it does become obvious after a while that the lack of belief in the things that the bible pretty much requires you to believe does curtail my ability to truly carry out the good behaviours that the faith calls on you to do . 
   i 'm not christian but some things that jesus said ( or did n't or whatever ) i think are really smart . 
  it does n't hurt to know about what others believe in anyways , and if you can get good inspirations in it and come to new conclusions that 's nice i hope that this is the kind of attitude that the majority of irreligious people take in the coming decades , but i am starting to think that it will eventually become a dumb richard dawkins-esque culture of wanting to actively destroy religion because people think it is so useless in the face of our spiritual desert of a culture . 
  hyped ? 
  i literally just disagreed with the attitude of the comment i replied to . 
  i will ask again why you would respond at all if you are not adding anything , besides an insult ? 
   receive good boy points from their god it always has to be the most denigrating way to describe them possible , does n't it ? 
  it is like saying you would prefer to live in a world full of murdering assholes than in a world full of people trying to curry favour and score brownie points with everyone by following the law . 
  who cares why people behave better if the end result is for them to be more kind and conscientious ? 
  why do they have to justify their good behaviour ? 
   this is exactly the problem so , to you the length of time something has survived not only has no bearing on its worth , the relationship is actually the inverse ? 
  that the longer it has been around , the less useful and the more lacking in moral truth it must be ? 
  has the compulsion to love you neighbour as you love yourself fallen out of fashion or otherwise become less needed to be taught ? 
   then why not just think for yourself to start with ? 
  would this include recognising the worth of parts of the bible along with other works to form some sort of moral code ? 
  why would you even bother replying to a serious comment if you are just going to use one word ? 
  and that is one of the most stupidly arrogant attitudes/platitudes of our time on the topic of religion . 
  it is not about some simplistic notion of needing it to not do bad , it is about needing it to do good deeds above and beyond what we default to naturally . 
  almost every time in my life that i have seen someone do something impossibly generous that put them at an enormous inconvenience , i have discovered that they have extremely serious christian views . 
  doing good things without the expectation of immediate reward by way of attention or something else seems to be in a serious decline in our society , and it seems obvious to me why that is when you look at the main differences between older and younger generations . 
  the command of loving your neighbour as you love yourself if not a command to not do bad things as you say , nor is it to simply be nice : it is a command to live in a way that is extremely difficult and requiring sacrifice , but a way that is surely even today as being a worthwhile ideal . 
  so you do n't like people with a specific moral code that has been around for over a thousand years ? 
  the majority of the older people i know are extremely serious christians who make many decisions with biblical teachings and commands in mind and they tend to be better behaved and more compassionate people than the majority of the religiously apathetic people my age . 
  this partially captures the silliness of modern bureaucracies in how they reveal a certain brand of impractical retardation when placed under any kind of duress . 
  i would imagine there are fairly obvious ways based on the man 's language fluency to determine that he is neither german nor from anywhere in the eu , and that should really be the end of it when it comes to germany 's ability to deport some random person from their country . 
  & nbsp ; edit : grammar, 
   there 's a reason there are so few pre-christian religious groups in europe . 
  yes , because most of them voluntarily converted . 
  it is highly unlikely that the ascendency would have been diminished in stature in this alternate ` peaceful ' timeline , but the conditions in grattan 's parliament were tending more and more towards positive association with developing enlightenment principles , which led to many among the gentry to view the extreme late-medieval disenfranchisement of catholics with serious distaste . 
  indeed , that was why so many protestants were involved in the 1798 rebellion to begin with . 
  for those with no association with new enlightenment principles , there was still a pragmatic immediate fear of the misery of the majority . 
  remember that classical learning was highly valued during this time , and julius caesar 's famous remark `` it is not these well-fed long-haired men that i fear , but the pale and the hungry-looking '' was very much in the minds of the ruling classes of europe . 
  & nbsp ; the failure of the 1798 rebellion and the fact that we must look to the easter rising for our genesis story is one of the most depressing aspects of our modern state in my opinion . 
  to think of establishing an all-island republic founded on the secular libertarian principles of the american revolution over 200 years ago provokes many thoughts of what could have been avoided - not only the famine . 
  i agree with all of that , but i guess i found the title to be obnoxious enough to not really care about someone responding to it with an obnoxious comment of their own that nonetheless seems partially accurate about the far-left bias of the op . 
  thankfully , despite the obviously destructive bourgeoisie-serf/proletariat dynamic that genuinely did exist in ireland back then , most people seem to agree with the denouncing of op 's jab at laissez-faire capitalism . 
  it depends on a great number of ifs , but a quick running of the ruler over the conditions in ireland under grattan 's parliament presents what in my estimation would have been a government with at least the urgency for more substantial relief efforts for the famine , and at most the ability to prevent the bulk of shortage from happening to begin with due to paying attention to the economists and legislators who warned of the severely inefficient and inflexible system of land ownership that catholics had to endure . 
  i 'd just like to come back in . 
  i never wade through anyone 's history - i think it is a pathetic thing to do when debating someone . 
  you are not responding to the same irish user who deleted the initial comment about op being a lefty . 
  i was partially defending his deleted comment because i do n't need to look through op 's history to know that he has an axe to grind and wants to misrepresent an extremely complex and important topic . 
  and again , you seem unaware of what constitutes `` great '' , and what purpose the erection of statues serve . 
  it is useful here to think of what qualifies people for time magazine 's person of the year award :  that features and profiles a person , a group , an idea , or an object that '' ** for better or for worse ** ... has done the most to influence the events of the year '' . 
  if i were to name `` great '' britons , i would also have placed cromwell around the top 10 , not because i agreed with him or liked everything he did , but because he was a formidable figure whose impact on the development of one of the most successful political unions in history can not be understated . 
  because it is a misleading title that could only be made by someone either ignorant of the famine or with a particular axe to grind - in this case laissez-faire capitalism . 
  it 's an incredibly abrasive way of saying it , but the failure of the 1798 rebellion was absolutely linked with the specific political landscape that created such a catastrophe . 
  the problem with laissez-faire economics in this circumstance was not only the rabid anti-irish sentiments of * some * high ranking british officials which went against the grain of a ` true ' dispassionate laissez-faire establishment , but also the fact that it was being applied in a country that had become horribly deformed by a system of land ownership and legal governance that were themselves a far cry from anything like laissez-faire economics . 
  laissez-faire and other strands of individualistic libertarian thinking only tend to work in societies already stabilised by a patriotic ruling class and a strong legal system that has earned the public trust . 
  ireland did not really have either of these things . 
  i agree more or less , but places like ireland back then really were completely unresponsive to talent and hard work unless you were from a privileged class to begin with . 
  i hope you are not saying that irish people in the 19th century were starving because of each individual 's lazy agricultural practices . 
   the fact you lads have a big noble statue of cromwell outside westminster is fucking obscene . 
  the erection of that statue was not because of the overwhelming love for the man in britain ; it was because he is such an important figure in the history of the development of the uk . 
   and there is absolutely no relation to decolonization process . 
  european powers becoming compelled to be less heavy handed with their colonies absolutely is related to the decolonisation process . 
  the ` evolving consciousness ' of the native africans would not have amounted to many cases of independence if european nations were still willing to rule them with an iron fist . 
  increased rates of crime in many urban parts of previously immaculately safe countries like sweden , along with the odd report of police and ambulance drivers not wanting to drive into some areas anymore . 
  there was something a while back about jews in malm\u00f6 not feeling safe to walk around as well , but i have n't looked that one up yet . 
  a lot of it is exaggerated of course , but these things do n't tend to come from absolutely nothing . 
  even if that is the case , ` beating ' the us in this regard is still not really the point when parts of your country have nonetheless become statistically less safe . 
   what you really want is to punish sluts for having sex thank you , that is what i gathered you were implying from that meandering comment that bizarrely tried to feign ignorance of the difference between a woman being raped and a woman having consensual sex by essentially saying that ` the penis still goes into the vagina and so it is the same ' . 
  along with assuming i am a catholic , i am not sure what i can do to convince someone like you that it is deeply immoral to end a healthy developing life when the sex was consensual when you have so many assumptions about what i think to begin with . 
  the only reason i think it is just about permissible for a raped woman to have a legal abortion is not only the fact that the new life was not consented to to begin with , but also because the risk of suicide is considerably higher for these women - in which case the two lives are obviously at risk and i actually mean it when i say i am pro-life . 
  in other words , pregnancy from rape is at the juncture of being pro-life vs. anti-abortion . 
  & nbsp ; the vast majority of cases in places like france are abortions where the sex was consensual , and so getting bogged down in discussing rape is a little strange when tens of thousands of our future generations are denied their right to live on no other grounds other than the inconvenience that it poses to the mother and father at that time . 
  you might like to think that i am some sexual puritan trying to punish people for having sex , but all i am trying to do is prevent our societies from developing the cavalier disposable attitude towards human life that places like the soviet union had .
