  it is a lost battle in places like france , in which the profession tasked with protecting life is now destroying it in the womb and dumping it into incinerators in a 21st century progressive version of human sacrifice . 
  exactly as i thought . 
  you do n't want to actually read any of it at your fingertips to realise that i am right about the majority . 
  people in their late thirties and forties ( particularly women ) are deeply impacted by not having any children according to most data . 
  i can see this from people in my own life . 
   why killing a baby that is the result of rape is less a murder than killing a child that is the result of consensual sex ? 
  it 's very different as a concept . 
  it 's not in practice , which is why i am uncomfortable to allow abortion for these cases . 
   why if the penis enters the vagina without consent it becomes acceptable to kill the baby in your catholic eyes , when you have clearly stated how deeply you are against killing babies and what is best for the woman too ? 
  i can barely understand what you 're saying here , but i am not a catholic . 
  it shows how limited your understanding of the pro-life argument is that you would just assume this . 
   that goes against everything you 've written here . 
  what i have written here is my opposition to abortion of a healthy life when the sex that led to its conception was consensual . 
  because i can barely understand the paragraph before that sentence , i ca n't exactly refute your assertion that i have contradicted myself . 
   how strange . 
  explain how wanting to protect new life is strange ? 
  i know that if you were actually interested you would n't be asking , but in case you are , literally just type in `` childlessness and depression '' into google and start making a dent in the plethora of academic articles published online for free viewing on the subject . 
  i can not find the link to the brilliant one done in canada that i read recently . 
  however , it should be common intuition that opting out of the main function of the species would lead to a lowering of mental well-being - particularly among women . 
  it is hit and miss with men , but many studies also indicate that men are generally better off raising children than not . 
   do you find abortion ever acceptable , like in case of rape or fetus abnormalities ? 
  i 'm glad that you seem to have accurately picked up on the indirect and clumsy grammar of that sentence you quoted of me . 
  yes , i think it is permissible in cases of rape , but it certainly should not be encouraged . 
  the developing life inside a woman is always the epitome of human innocence and so to end it artificially is always tragic and usually deeply immoral , but in cases of rape the woman obviously did not consent to its creation and so it must be available as a last resort to her . 
  in cases where there is absolutely no chance of the unborn surviving , again , i think it is logical allow abortion to be an option but to be the absolute last port of call . 
  & nbsp ; basically , i am fervently against the notion that healthy new life resulting from consensual sex can be taken away by anyone . 
   a zygote is not thinking , feeling human life . 
  it 's not a breathing , pain feeling , organism . 
  it shows your astounding ignorance that you would even bring this up . 
  a zygote is not what is being disposed of in the abortion clinic . 
   she helped them reclaim control over their own bodies from the hands of oppressive , patriarchal hypocrites . 
  reclaim them from the ` oppression ' of the most important and usually the most fulfilling task that we have as a species ? 
  or just reclaiming them from the ` patriarchal ' responsibilities and consequences of their actions ? 
  also , bear in mind that the ` patriarchy ' were particularly to gain from abortion in the early days because it provided them a new get out of jail card back when they were expected to be the sole breadwinner . 
   she will be remembered for her humanitarian work yes , but to some old fogeys , `` humanitarian '' does n't usually entail the ending of a healthy human life in the early stages of its development . 
   stay mad . 
  the kinds of people who say this usually know deep down that they are an immature piece of shit and supporting shitty behaviour . 
   i love how you do n't count women rights under that . 
  yes i do . 
  i am denying women 's rights in the same way you would deny someone their ` rights ' to be able to kill anyone on the grounds that doing so would make their life better/easier . 
   the right of women to their own body . 
  when a woman is pregnant , she is supporting the development of an entirely new body . 
  therefore , what she does with her body when pregnant also involves the new life developing inside her . 
  women 's ( and men 's rights ) end where the right of another human to live in infringed upon . 
  or so that used to be the legal tradition across the western world ... 
  what happens to most foetuses when aborted in france ? 
   she is gon na be buried in the panth\u00e9on yes , and thankfully if she is it wo n't solely be because of her drive to legalise a very dubious practice that has emerged in the civilisation supposedly at the forefront of protecting human rights . 
  her other pursuits are commendable . 
  indeed they can . 
  but it still seems disingenuous to call a healthy human life at the stage of being a foetus as only having a `` potential '' for life . 
  it is pretty much by design destined to become a normal human being in the vast majority of circumstances . 
   just some cells that have the potential to be a human ? 
  `` potential '' is a strange word to use . 
  short of some catastrophic problem with the pregnancy , it has the * certainty * of becoming a functioning independent member of our society . 
  it still remains overwhelmingly the case in psychological literature that women , rich or poor , tend to become progressively less happy in their late thirties onwards if they are childless . 
  that is without even getting into the economic disaster of a declining birth rate that abortion certainly contributes to , and the obvious morality behind raising the next generation being the single most important duty that we all have - far above and beyond the importance of money or career trajectory . 
  we can certainly consider it to be a human life in its early stages of development . 
  a `` pioneer '' is a bit of a grandiose name for a woman who worked to enshrine into an advanced society the notion that the unborn of our future generations do not have the inalienable right to life . 
   so you think being independent , having somewhat different legal traditions , languages , culture and history is no problem to unify into ireland ? 
  then why would it be a problem at a european level ? 
  how many times do i need to explain this to you ? 
  the reason it is a problem at a supranational level is because those factors you mention * do * exist , and not at a `` somewhat '' degree - often there are very substantial differences in legal traditions , history , culture , and , needless to say , language . 
  those factors are simply not present in your example with cork and its fantasy transferral of sovereignty to a national institution from a position of recent self-governance and cultural disparity . 
  you brought up the point of cork being some sort of self-governing entity with a separate legal tradition , culture , and language by resorting to citing the medieval kingdoms in the region of the south of ireland , and now you criticise me for `` projecting current national and state borders back into the past . '', 
  you might find my use of the word ridiculous to be offensive , or somehow rendering my argument illegitimate , but it remains the case that you are not able or willing to argue your previous point that ireland transferring some of its sovereignty to something like the eu as being equal in concept and practice as the irish people of cork allowing their ` sovereignty ' to be signed over to irish national institutions . 
   disparate entities have been united all the time in history and i went through this as well in the last comment , and yet again you do n't seem to be reading or accepting it . 
  those ` disparate ' entities have only found long term success when their unification was n't reflective of purely political unification - such as in germany . 
  the few examples where disparate cultures have been unified with long term success to reflect purely political reshuffling have always been predicated on one overwhelming driving economic and military power - and has always spelled disaster for at least one nation * for reasons that still exist today * which i also outlined in the previous comment . 
  the history of england , the united kingdom , and my own country is an example of one of these unions hauling disparate cultures together and ending up in disaster for at least one member nation - again , for underlying reasons that have not dissipated despite the change in scenery over the centuries . 
   i do n't even have to put arguments forward you have n't yet put forward any arguments in defence of your conception of what constitutes a loss of sovereignty in light of what i have said , and so employing my use of the word `` ridiculous '' as an excuse sounds feeble to me . 
   so why would that be a specific local irish matter of which the importance is incomprehensible to outsiders ? 
  because it is n't a matter of its incomprehensibility to outsiders ; it 's the comparative lack of interest among italians or germans in the defence of ireland , wherein lies the danger of partially or fully signing over matters of deep irish interest to entities representing tens of millions of people with comparatively little interest in ireland . 
   taiwan would long have been a chinese province again , were n't it for uncle sam backing it up . 
  there is an enormous difference between military protection and aid , and an economic ( and increasingly political ) union like the eu . 
   i do n't see why joining a larger union can not be a valid exercise of sovereign choice . 
  that is far from being an answer to the part of my comment that you quoted . 
  with regards to joining the eu , the circumstances differ dramatically for each nation and time period . 
  as a result of ignorance , the british and irish people decided to join the the eu in 1973 to become part of what they believed was mostly just a free trade bloc . 
  in britain , enoch powell was a prominent figure trying to explain to the british people that the eu was far from being just a free trade bloc , and that accession to it will entail many domestic institutions and practices becoming subordinate or defunct to eu entities . 
  he was right about that , and also about his assessment that the uk will eventually opt out of the eu anyway and so joining would be pointless . 
  so while this certainly was `` a valid exercise of sovereign choice '' , it was not done with complete knowledge of what we were getting into . 
  brexit is a result of that long four decade build up of unease in the uk regarding the eu . 
  & nbsp ; it is clear that we disagree fundamentally on what constitutes sovereignty and the capacity that should be afforded for individual nation states to exercise it . 
  it is also clear that there is no common ground between us with regards to nation states being capable of pursuing their own interests more effectively than a union like the eu doing a lot of it for them . 
  therefore , i do n't really have any interest in going any further with this , because everything you have written has underlying assumptions that i would have to argue against for many comments to even begin talking about the pragmatic issues , and the rest of what you write often speaks past what i was saying to begin with because of the extent of our differing assumptions . 
  perhaps i have done the same to you at points . 
   you basically said `` you 're stupid , because you do n't agree with me and that means you 're stupid '' in that section no , i do n't think that is a fair assessment . 
  the way you argued about the transferral of certain national sovereignties to the eu as being the same in spirit to the irish people of cork giving cork 's ` sovereignty ' to an irish national institution ( and backing it up by talking about medieval kingdoms in the region ) * does * indicate a strange lack of understanding of what nation states are . 
  that does n't mean you are stupid in any way . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ probably ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ means ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ belgian, 
   guess what : it was oh , as someone doing a joint degree in history i 'm enjoying myself now . 
  it was what , silverionmox ? 
  an independent city state with a completely different legal tradition and a completely different language and a completely separate culture and history ? 
  i 'm afraid it was none of those things , and so your ridiculous comparisons with the irish people of cork `` transferring '' sovereignty to an irish national institution being akin to the transferral of various forms of sovereignty of a nation state to the institutions of the eu is still ridiculous . 
   every single state on the planet has been shaped out of disparate political entities . 
  yes , with the emphasis on disparate * political * entities . 
  the successful long term unification of these ` disparate ' entities has always been predicated on either a common culture and the resulting feeling of affinity and loyalty to the members of the other political entity , or by overwhelming economic and military force from the driving nation . 
  the attempts to bring together different * cultural * entities into a single state has had a historical tendency to end in disaster for at least one of the states or peoples brought into it , specifically because of the greater difficulty people have in caring about those members of the other ` tribes ' in the same way as they care about those in their immediate tribe , which in its modern form is expressed in the traditional nation state . 
  i would put it to you that the nation state is the largest possible entity in which people can have any substantial capacity to be collectively unselfish towards people in the nation with whom they have never met . 
  this capacity dissipates in enormous entities like the eu , and so it is a grave error to sign over political and economic sovereignty to this entity , because when push comes to shove , no one in germany will care about the people in cork as i do , and so neither germany nor any other country should have a direct input in our political affairs when people 's well-being is at stake .
