  irish people arriving in the us around that time were mostly illiterate , unskilled farm labourers . 
  not only that , but they were also carrying in many diseases picked up on the journey , and often could n't even speak english . 
  now , according to your version of history the us never had any idea of what to do initially with an influx of this diseased , illiterate , unskilled people , but they let them in anyway out of the goodness of their hearts , and because they would figure out `` on the fly '' what to do with them some time in the future . 
  complete bollocks . 
  the us let them , and many other nationalities in around that time because they * needed * them , and because it cost them practically nothing . 
  let us list off a few of the reasons why the us really let huge amounts of migrants in in the past , and see if any of these reasons have * anything * in common with the needs of modern european countries : * the us , right up until the 20th century had * vast * amounts of uninhabited space that needed to be populated , hopefully before any other power like mexico encroached on it and populated it before the us . 
  this required lots of people . 
  * the us had an enormous manufacturing base , one that grew rapidly throughout the 19th century to eventually become the gargantuan industrial power of the world . 
  what did this type of industry need to continue and grow ? 
  huge amounts of unquestioning , preferably uneducated labour , that would continue to keep the wheels of the industrial economy turning , allowing the us to eventually outproduce , outcompete , and steam ahead of rival industrial economies . 
  * as i already said , it did n't really cost them anything . 
  there was no welfare or any other benefits ; you worked or you starved . 
  sometimes you starved anyway . 
  * from the irish perspective , the us continued letting so many in ( on top of the other reasons i listed ) because they needed cannon fodder for their civil war . 
  what a perfect opportunity the north had : a starving , uneducated people who would jump at any opportunity for guaranteed meals , who were n't really productive american citizens yet , and did n't often have any established contacts or family with them ; it 's the perfect type of people to fill your army with !, 
  bringing it back to modern times ; america still has fuck all welfare , so taking in migrants is n't anywhere near as expensive for them as it is over here in europe . 
  they also have more of a manufacturing base than europe , albeit diminishing . 
  hence my prior comment saying that the us has increasingly less need for unskilled labour , unless more working class jobs become available . 
   and we 're not in the middle ages now , one of the neat thing about living in an industrialized age is the immense possibility of economical growth ( compared to growth rates of pre-industrial times , even 1-2 % a yearis immense ) , and the flexibility in which industries/economies you can actually have in your country . 
  i would need quite a lot of patience to show you how none of that really makes any sense as an argument supporting immigration of muslim men into europe , but i have no more patience i 'm afraid . 
  i hope i 've persuaded you that i 'm not `` patently wrong '' , at the very least, 
  did you seriously just give me american immigration statistics from * 1907 * ? 
  did you ignore the second half of my comment ? 
  the reason that the us was able to absorb that many migrants was because of a * vast * manufacturing sector ; vast as in the largest and most rapidly expanding industrial economies the likes of which the world will probably never see again . 
  it was around this time that carnegie steel , more or less a single company , began producing more steel than the entirety of the british empire could manage to produce . 
  on top of that , there was practically zero cost to the american taxpayer once these immigrants were processed and accepted in ; the immigrants had to work their asses off or basically starve to death . 
  so , tell me how those numbers of yours bear any relevance to western europe 's modern , mostly financial and service based economies ? 
  how do they remain relevant in the lenient welfare states of germany and sweden , that face enormous costs when allowing tens of thousands of uneducated migrants in ? 
  how are they relevant when there are fuck all jobs for anyone without college degrees in most countries in europe ? 
  this is to say nothing of the cultural incompatabilities ; muslims have proven themselves over and over again to be obnoxiously , often dangerously stubborn to move away from many of the medieval beliefs and practices in their religion , most of which are abhorrent to anyone in modern europe . 
  in fact , many who come over to europe and witness our western ` decadence ' and ` degeneracy ' first hand actually become emboldened to be even more fundamentalist and backward than they were before . 
  so no , most countries in europe can not hope to benefit from taking on the problems of the middle east, 
  it is if done in sufficient quantities . 
  smaller nations with more specialised economies can not take on huge numbers of mostly uneducated migrants each generation , and expect it to be anything but a disaster in the long run . 
  whether your country likes to admit it or not , it 's soon getting to the stage that the u.s would be better off not letting in waves of similar types of uneducated migrants in each generation . 
  the u.s just does n't have the manufacturing base , or the social mobility anymore that would allow most uneducated people entering the country to thrive as they once might have , nor do these people benefit the u.s as much as they used to . 
   changing your mind when reality presents you with new evidence is not a bad thing . 
  no , not at all . 
  but what new evidence has popped up recently to make one feel more positive and accepting of refugees ? 
  the parent comment had nothing * but * evidence to justify an anti-immigrant stance . 
  honestly , i thought that your comment linking to his post history was pretty weird . 
  you presented it as if it was a counter-argument in of itself ; like you had ` found him out ' or something , and thus , his comments could now be safely dismissed by everyone ... 
   for questions about the rules , i suggest you open a thread on / r/europemeta . 
  easy way out for you , eh ? 
  i literally just asked if i would be banned for something , and you were n't willing to even answer that . 
  what exactly are you here for again , besides banning people arbitrarily for `` racism '' and `` islamophobia '' ? 
  oh wait , i had better ask that question indirectly over at / r/europemeta ... would n't want to get myself banned for annoying you with further questions !, 
  what specific rule did he tread on just out of curiosity ? 
  and while we 're at rule 1.1 , answer me this : say if i were to voice my genuine hatred of the islamic faith , including its modern interpretations , and argue that its values and interpretations are incapable of cohabiting with western enlightenment values , would i then face a ban from either you or your comrades ? 
  considering `` islamophobia '' , and suggesting that `` members of different cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting '' are bannable offences according to the intellectual juggernauts that wrote those rules , i 'm assuming that i would be banned ? 
  what would be a fair outcome in a democracy in which the majority votes to leave ? 
   a people who bomb their countrymen because they read the bible in english what ? 
  jesus christ , steam does that ? 
  that 's shoddy design ... 
  this is a very curious comment to have received downvotes ... do the people downvoting think you 're lying or something ? 
  hmm . 
  seems sensible . 
  i 'm in krak\u00f3w right now , and i have to say that i 'm surprised by how healthy and thriving the numerous religious orders and communities here seem to be . 
  i hope they 're left alone . 
  while i do n't think it is really related to the eu , the fact that cities like london do n't really ` belong ' to regular citizens of the country is sad . 
  it is completely inaccessible to most younger people wanting to have a decent place in the centre of the city to rent . 
  you do n't belong in this thread if conjecture does n't tickle your fancy, 
  could the falkland islands vote for this , lol ? 
  it 's not something as overt as a dictatorship , but it does have bizarre deficits in democracy in many of its institutions that have an impact on us all . 
  but all if this could have been avoided if the eu and it 's proponents were a little less arrogant and just settled for being a free trade area , as opposed to aspiring to being a globalist 's wet dream in trying to gradually integrate the ancient cultures of europe into a political union . 
  london was a global city long before the eu came into existence , sir . 
  by extension , i said . 
  it 's obviously a tenuous connection that a single human could represent an entire culture , but they can certainly portray a stereotype of the culture by reducing it to caricature form . 
  also , i never mentioned the word `` values '' . 
  maybe back in the 50s and 60s , but now it 's definitely places in south and central america and indonesia that have the best breeding ground for child raping priests . 
  affluence , education , and high standards of living tend to erode the servile , unquestioning attitudes among the general public that enable these crimes thankfully . 
  good luck to c&s america and indonesia in eliminating those characteristics . 
  seeing as each model here is supposed to be representing a country and , by extension , its culture and stereotypes , it just plays into the whole caricature of modern germany and sweden that they would be represented by non-natives . 
  this caricature of the two nations comes about from the ( especially / pol / ) perception that they 're both afraid to be proud of their ` swedishness ' or ` germanness ' ; shun native traditions and nationalism ; and are beset with some sort of white guilt , which must be alleviated at any opportunity by putting ethnically non-european swedes and germans up on a pedestal as being highly valued ideal citizens in their society . 
  these views being supposedly confirmed in ads like this is the gist of what they find humorous , it seems to me . 
  yeah i mean , as undiplomatic as it sounds , statistically the best way to avoid getting aids in the first world is to just not be a homosexual male ; not a practicing one anyway ... 
  fucking over the rest of the eu by being more competitive in attracting them here ? 
  how is that in any way unfair ? 
  as another user also pointed out , france does extremely shady stuff with their tax regimes to entice multinationals ; at least we 're open and honest about how we get them setting up here . 
   the question is , why do you think a country independent of such a democratic confederation it is a well known malady that the eu has rather significant deficits of democracy in many of its institutions and high-ranking offices . 
  if your average us citizen was sat down and explained that the us government was now going to model itself after the eu , and it was explained to them what this entails , they would likely take serious issue with the many layers of ambiguous committees that complicate and dilute the supposed ` democracy ' you speak of . 
  perhaps it is because you hail from a relatively affluent area and have n't had to endure any calamities between your region and the eu ; perhaps there are also deficits in democracy where you 're from that render you less capable of seeing the same democratic deficits as other nations ; whatever the case may be , you can be rest assured that to many non-germans , the eu does not resemble a friendly democratic institution carrying out the will of the people , and i would imagine that if you were born in greece , instead of the country occupying the eu 's driving seat , you would a have different opinions of the eu and its supposed championing of democracy . 
  & nbsp ; specifically regarding the uk : leaving the eu will most certainly allow them to tailor their trade and immigration policies to better suit their own specific needs , as opposed to engaging in a balancing act between its own best interests , and those of the eu . 
  no doubt you 're right that the eu has a larger , more powerful voice at the negotiating table , but that still does n't mean that their trade policies will benefit the uk specifically any better than if the uk had done it alone with only themselves in mind . 
  but it remains to be seen if this will benefit them in the long run , since it is likely that the eu - in true superstate/imperial spirit - will retaliate at a brexit in making it as difficult as they can for a fully independent uk to carve a place for itself outside of the eu . 
  regarding multinationals , i think the greater executive power of the eu in curtailing their various abuses is one of the strongest possible points of argument that the remain campaign could use , but one that i have n't really heard them use , bizarrely . 
  overall , the brexiteers seem to not care too much about the economic implications anyway , and seem more concerned with the issue of losing sovereignty to a continental european superstate . 
  there is quite a large cabal of people in these threads who are having difficulty accepting the idea that a powerful country would n't want to be in their super-state club . 
  apparently , they have n't much of a case for the remain side of the referendum , because all they tend to do is make snide remarks about brexiteers being old , poor , and stupid . 
  well then , you 'll just have to leave to get more substantial ones , because the eu is n't interested in giving substantial advantages to one state over another . 
  exceptional straw man you put there . 
  no matter what side one is on in this eu debate , comments like yours have to be among the most pathetic , conceited , and useless ones around . 
  well , the only personal evidence i have of this is from my parents , who visited many parts of the ussr throughout the 80s , and describe massive queues for ridiculously basic things like fresh bread , the lack of fresh fruit and vegetables , the extremely authoritarian and invasive police force etc , and who say that their impressions of the modern russian federation is that it 's by and large better for regular citizens than the ussr of the 80s was . 
  however , they do note like everyone else the increase in crime and corruption , that the former soviet administrations seemed to have a better handle on ... 
   but is nato an agressive entity set to destroy russia ... ? '', 
  perhaps not destroy , but it 's certainly aggressive . 
  ever since the collapse of the ussr , evidence ( and the mere continual existence of nato ) suggests that the collapse of the ussr was n't enough ; in order for american hegemony to be secured in the long run , all of the lands formerly behind the iron curtain must come under western control . 
  despite a lack of proof that russia 's elites seriously want to re-conquer their lost empire , this has been the aggressive policy of nato , which has used the ` soft ' power of the eu to achieve this peacefully , through economic treaties , rather than at gunpoint . 
  however , it was long recognised that ukraine was just too important to russsia ; too closely tied to its culture and history for the west to dare encroach upon it . 
  that seemed to change in direct response to russia frustrating western efforts to overthrow yet another ally of the kremlin , this time in bashar al-assad 's regime back in 2011 apparently furious at this russian blocking of what might have been another fun adventure for nato in the middle east , the characteristic well-funded proxy war special interest groups and armed mobs began popping up all over ukraine peddling pro-eu/nato propaganda .
