  the american founding documents and the society that backed them came from a very distinctive religious and political tradition in england following the reformation . 
  to claim that there is no connection between these traditions and the most influential state documents in human history - and also to imply that they can not even coincide peacefully with these modern values - is frankly bizarre . 
   that some 17th century christian fanatics really liked private property hardly qualifies them as a contributing value to modern western morals and values of much larger size than burdgeoning renaissance and enlightenment thought . 
  why does it not qualify them ? 
  why does the us still afford more substantial rights for property owners than other countries that fell under these more general `` burdgeoning renaissance and enlightenment '' thoughts - whatever the renaissance thought is that you 're referring to , and whatever vast array of modern enlightenment principles you think there are that have nothing to do with christianity ? 
   not only are you insinuating that the examples you listed were somehow exclusive to christian zealots not exactly , but they certainly were not prominent in catholic societies like my own . 
  what other movements were there in the 17th century that promoted the modern values that i listed ? 
  not a lot , from what i have read . 
  they developed later , unsurprisingly in societies wrestling with christianity and becoming more educated in its various messages . 
   but you 're insinuating that the paltry little collection of examples you listed paltry ? 
  `` to that i can react merely with laughter '' . 
  every single one of those values that arose to prominence after the english reformation were absolutely central to creating the most successful country in the world . 
  if this contribution of protestant english christianity is paltry to you then i would like to see what impresses you . 
   nothing about the early north-american immigrants have anything to do with modern values . 
  again your understanding of this part of history looks to be appalling . 
  i am getting the impression that you just want to believe irrationally that christianity is this superfluous ideology that has nothing to do with our modern civilisation , and so this discussion looks to have been pointless . 
  this will likely be my last comment unless you stop dicking around and respond with an argument . 
  the traditions that came out of the english reformation and carried to the new world by the settlers came , among many things , in the form of the greater emphasis on free enterprise and the extolling of honest wealth accumulation , deep suspicion of centralised authority , the increased prominence of personal conscience over and above the social conscience , the fanatic protection of private property - are all of these out of fashion in the modern netherlands ? 
  even if they are , are they not `` modern '' attitudes that should be encouraged in all developing states ? 
   this is a bad troll , surely ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  it looks like i am the only one being serious here :  what  are  you  on  about pathetic . 
  still no counter point from you , instead you 're just trying to feign confusion to cover up for the fact that you can not respond to these basic points and i have become incredibly bored with it now . 
   what ? 
  yes , you are . 
  there we are again . 
  you literally just need to read this quote  extremely serious christian beliefs to not only coincide but indeed support many modern values of individual freedom to stop speaking past me and realise that i was not saying anything about the entirety of the modern us , but responding to your demand of a concrete example of serious christian beliefs coinciding and producing values that we deem ` modern ' . 
  still no response to that . 
   hell , most of the american ` founding fathers ' were fairly mild theists . 
  yes , and i covered that too when i referred to the intensely christian society that the 13 colonies were affording people like that freedoms above and beyond what was afforded before . 
  so , at the very least it supports my original point about a intensely christian society having the capacity to coincide with modern values of pluralism and tolerance . 
  but for it to remain that limited , you would need to argue that these mild theists were somehow not products of a christian society that would be deemed rather extreme in its attitudes to modern eyes . 
   you 're basically ignoring everything that happens from the 16th century until the modern day . 
  ... by referring to the founding documents of the us as the centre of my argument ? 
  your history is a little hazy here again , it seems . 
   you 're trying to pawn off the entire modern usa as a product of christian extremists no i am not , i am arguing the exact points that i quoted of you and myself in my previous comment , and you are ignoring them because you plainly have nothing of worth to say in response other than some vague allusion to humanism , a caricature argument of returning to some ancien regime , along with great points like `` much moral '' and `` thefuckouttahere '' . 
  just admit that you do n't know much about the history of christianity and its endowments to our way of life and start bloody reading about it . 
  there is so much to learn from it . 
   ah , claiming the entirety of the modern usa as a `` christian product '' . 
   typical . 
  i 'll tell you what is typical . 
  asking me to provide `` an example then . 
  a concete example . '', 
  of where , in my own words `` extremely serious christian beliefs to not only coincide but indeed support many modern values of individual freedom '' and me doing just that , with nothing from you other than more withering ignorance and no counter argument . 
   give me an example then . 
  a concete example . 
  the united states of america . 
  a nation settled by what would now be deemed christian extremists , whose conception of christianity entailed pursuing free enterprise and sound business and agricultural practices as being part of the reformed faith itself . 
  this ( mostly protestant ) tradition continued right up to the revolution after which they assented to living under what is to this day the most radical set of documents protecting the individual that has ever been produced . 
  produced by both very religious men , and men that were less religious but could nonetheless enjoy freedom in the intensely christian society that the 13 colonies were . 
  the fact that i need to point this out shows once again your poor grasp on history . 
   very modern , much moral . 
  terrible . 
  if you wo n't be serious i 'm done discussing this . 
  you can not be serious . 
  you do n't even need to look for examples now ; you come from a country that formed so much of its spirit and traditions from the wrestlings within christianity . 
  you can just read what your ancestors achieved not only * with * their christian beliefs , but also * because * of them , and you can just look back on history to find a wealth of examples of why this comment :  i also think the emergence of humanism did a lot more for our current 21st century european morals and values than christianity ever did . 
  ... indicates a very shaky grasp on history . 
  people talk about humanism as if we are all soberly nodding along and know what we are talking about , and when pressed to explain what they mean by humanism , they often name things that were already prominent because of christianity anyway . 
  that is a strange comment that could be applied to any political party depending on one 's perspective on what constitutes `` damage '' . 
  a deregulating free marketeer libertarian party would do ` damage ' in many people 's view in the domains of social justice and redistribution of wealth , but it does n't make them extremists . 
  a wealth redistributing left-leaning party also would not tend to `` live and let live '' , but i also would n't call them extremists until other factors come into play regarding how they deal with opposition . 
  i think people are also underestimating the capacity for extremely serious christian beliefs to not only coincide but indeed support many modern values of individual freedom . 
  remember that this is a faith that is completely intertwined with all our legal and moral frameworks , and these frameworks are always in the 21st century going to lean towards preaching against rather than punishing prominent things like homsexuality . 
   the uk could control immigration a fuckton more while staying in the eu . 
  so that 's just blatantly untrue . 
  the `` traditional values crew '' are more like somali immigrants than danish university students ? 
  it depends on how they believe they should act on those beliefs . 
  the point is that they are n't actually damaging anyone by holding those beliefs . 
  it is their promoted course of action that should be what brands them extremists . 
  do you believe that it is extremist to hold any views that do n't condone resorting to extreme action ? 
  if i believed that homosexuality was immoral and a bane in our society but i believed that it should be preached against as opposed to actually punished , would you consider me an extremist ? 
   it 's not an opinion , it 's a fact . 
  i get that people like to believe this about their opinions , but saying that may is a complete disaster is still a value judgement and not a fact . 
   many of those terrorists actually are n't very religious ... and alleviate their life 's transgressions through an act of religious purification by killing infidels . 
  the fact that there is a loose basis in scripture for such acts makes this far more complicated than the idea that these are just some irreligious losers looking for any excuse to kill people . 
  many of them are looking for redemption , and can find avenues for that redemption wherever the more militaristic forms of islam are preached consistently . 
  a nationalist and a conservative on most fronts . 
  i would like to align myself with economically centrist positions , but they so often let me down for usually not caring about culture and , in ireland , being unflinchingly pro-eu . 
  far from it . 
  it 's nowhere near being a meaningless statement for british voters who are sent reeling by people like her , coupled with the knowledge that many savvy politicians were replaced by people like her at corbyn 's side because they wanted nothing to do with corbyn . 
  it was your comment that had very little meaning or worth i 'm afraid , but i 'll give you a second chance . 
  you could pick a wide variety of ridiculous things she has come out with over the years , but it suffices to say that she consistently comes across in interviews as someone who has a very poor grounding in economics and often her own party 's policies . 
  there does n't really need to be a propaganda campaign against jeremy corbyn . 
  all there needs to be is exposure to the types of people he has surrounded himself with such as diane abbott for people to seriously doubt his ability to lead a successful government . 
  it has to do with brexiters in the sense that / r/europe just wants to bash as many things about the uk as they can in one burst , because obviously britons must be mentally deficient to want greater independence and not be part of the eu . 
  bolstered in part by your nearly non-existent libel laws which is something i have always greatly admired about your country . 
   does n't make either of them better than the other . 
  that belief is a result of complete ignorance on your part . 
  you are essentially saying that what is written in their holy books does n't matter ; they will do whatever they want anyway . 
  that is obviously not how most serious and casual religious people operate . 
  what is written in their holy books matters enormously , and with that in mind i would like you to find anything in the new testament ( the part that christians actually pay attention to ) having suicidal martyrdom and the idea of holy war enshrined as legitimate acts of piety . 
  additionally , i would like you to compare the central figure of christ with that of muhammad , and try and apply your argument that each faith is on a level playing field . 
  have you noticed as i have a weird trend over the last decade or so where people seem to give france a pretty easy ride with regards to their foreign policy actions ? 
  it seems to me that they have been the most reactionary and violent player in western europe since wwii , and it seems to have slipped completely beneath people 's radar for some reason . 
  perhaps it is purely the recent war in iraq that changed the perceptions of france . 
   whole of reddit thankfully not . 
  you need to find subs with low amounts of subscribers that have a relatively serious purpose . 
  subs like t_d were never intended to be a place where people made an effort and so they tend to become stupid by default , but subs like this that do have a relatively serious purpose but have a high subscriber count tend to also eventually get serviced by a far more annoying self-satisfied stupidity after a while . 
   ** the entire leave platform was fearmongering .
