  right , this is getting annoying now because you are n't in any way explaining how creating a system whereby multiple economic entities deferring aspects of their management to a single supranational authority * is n't * an example of economic cooperation . 
  you just keep stating it - now with a little insult on the side . 
  trade coming a full year has also been repeated by you , as if the extra year proves that trade is n't central to the means by which the general aim of maintaining the peace is achieved by these eu precursors . 
  you keep suggesting that economic cooperation was n't a part of the aim of keeping the peace , and so it could n't have been a factor in the formation of the eec , when the whole structure and goal of the eec entailed economic cooperation . 
   that 's just another lie okay then go back and find me the pamphlets in the uk saying that the union will strive for common currency and a slow erosion of domestic lawmaking in the uk . 
  they do n't exist , and yet in correspondences between major political figures of the day , they all acknowledged that this was likely outcome of membership . 
  i wanted to steer this in the direction of an explanation of the other user 's incorrect comment on trade and a discussion of the uk and how their relationship with the european community has always had a different emphasis due to the underlying problems with their accession , but i think this has gone on long enough now . 
  it should be stressed that enoch powell did not exactly display his usual behaviour by giving this speech . 
  it was ridiculous in how unnecessarily inflammatory it was , and a shame that he sullied himself with it considering how measured and nuanced his views on most matters were . 
   the entire point of the european coal and steel community was to willfully cripple the ability to wage war against each other . 
  yes , through an interconnected system of economic cooperation and trade , which would mean severe problems for any actor wanting to suddenly wage war . 
  the above quote seems to be establishing my point , albeit from the general ideological angle rather than the pragmatic , day-to-day reality of how willfully crippling `` the ability to wage war against each other '' could be achieved . 
   i could hardly care less about the myths the british like to tell each other about the beginnings of the eu . 
  it was more the myth that was peddled to them by the pro-eu political class than any myth kept among themselves . 
  people were fairly familiar with the union they were getting involved in back in the 70s , but there were deliberate omissions from the national dialogue concerning the intended direction of the union . 
  this is the source of the steady rise of euroscepticism in the uk , and why the user was probably annoyed at the suggestion that the european community was never really about trade , when that was the main reason the british voted in , and also because trade * is * so blatantly at the heart of the original intention of crippling `` the ability to wage war against each other '' , which you portray as being mutually exclusive to trade and economic cooperation . 
  even worse is that i am both a nationalist and a socialist , which are two words best uttered as far apart from each other as possible in a sentence to avoid confusion ... 
  okay , fair enough about the other user . 
  however , did the formation of the eec not have economic cooperation and trade as its primary pragmatic focus ? 
  on a related note , were the primary reasons given to the british people to join in the early 70s not in the form of more favourable trade conditions between their biggest partners ? 
  after doing my own reading on this period , i discovered with little surprise that it was the express intention of the pro-europe political class in britain to get involved in a union that would become more and more political as time went on , but that angle was very notably absent from the mainstream prodding of the public . 
  the exception to this very limited narrative came from figures like enoch powell who , as usual , knew exactly what it would entail for the british people and ended up making points that were echoed by brexiters 40 years later for why they wanted to leave . 
  it 's all well and good to go around insulting people for their supposed lesser education and intelligence , but there is a point to be made concerning the disparity in the eu product as it was peddled to the people in the uk , and the ideological and legislative reality of the union and its future course . 
  i really wish the eu would just limit itself to being a free trade/common market area . 
  i can just about put up with my country no longer having a proper central bank or its own currency , but the very intense anti-border , anti-nation state ideology at the heart of the project is really off-putting to me . 
  it feels like just a more politically correct form of utopian world-building that has been at the heart of other disastrous movements over the last century . 
  was that comment serious ? 
  or are you satirising the left ? 
  could you outline what the word fascism means to you ? 
   smart enough to willfully use english in their freetime what do you mean by this ? 
   this is virtually impossible and just as nonsensical . 
  not so . 
  the inclusion of a couple of border counties in northern ireland was achieved at great pains through various tactics like gerrymandering to make the unionist community amplified there . 
  in other words , they are n't really ` natural ' members of the unionist state - they are included as a result of dubious legal practices . 
  a repartition could easily consider these states to be separate from the unionist state through a majority nationalist population , and hence a shrinking of northern ireland to 4 counties . 
  none of that would be nonsensical if there was a serious movement in the future to make the border a little less arbitrary . 
  is n't the concept of repartition just the redrawing of the border to more accurately reflect the national loyalties of the people in ulster - essentially making northern ireland a lot smaller ? 
  you should strive to do better than those cheap single sentence rebukes on topics of this nature . 
  put a '' \\ '' before the ''  '' to achieve the desired \\  amazed how political some people are \\  politicizes the event one fucking sentence before his amazement, 
  your interpretation of those polls is also faulty . 
  what ( usually clickbait ) polls like that are saying is that there is an 80 % chance of hilary winning * by a certain percentage * . 
  that means they could be saying that `` there is an 80 % chance that hilary clinton will win the vote by 2 % '' . 
  as it turned out , most polls were significantly off , but it was only by that marginal 1 or 2 percent . 
  the outrage and mockery of the statisticians is that 1 or 2 percent is a huge number when talking about an american general election , and so it makes it all the more humiliating that they failed to incorporate the opinions of significant amounts of the population more accurately into their models . 
  but you are saying that because of these small percentage errors that polls like this are completely useless for their intention , which is a bit silly . 
  this is just a poll monitoring german opinion on the us . 
  a 1 or 2 percent error here would still be an enormous drop in german opinion of the trustworthiness of the us . 
  you 're going too far in this context . 
  while polls have failed to accurately gauge election results , their estimations were still confined to the margins , and did not have a lot of room for percentage errors considering the enormous amount of people involved in an american presidential election . 
  this poll can only be discredited entirely if you 're going to make the argument that the whole thing is in error , instead of 1 % or even a fraction of 1 % in error as some election polls have been recently . 
   being the only thing holding back the great sea of red , aka russia/china , from rolling across your whole continent til it crashes on the far atlantic shore ? 
  this is barely even serious . 
  i 'm hopeful that this poll shows a distaste for the american establishment only , but hysterical ahistorical comments like this will help europeans along in believing that there is not much trust to be found in the american people if they have this tenuous a grasp on history . 
  i do n't think anyone is trying to get you to care . 
  you 're in / r/europe , and most people here are speculating about its importance to germany . 
  \\  below average level of shadyness \\  guess , it comes with the job i appreciate where you 're coming from , but remarks like that are among the most lamentable and defeatist apologies that you could make for clear immoral behaviour in the high offices of political power . 
  there is nothing normal about the actions of barrack obama when it comes to administrative transparency , encroachments on the privacy of his own citizens , and the global assassination campaign that he waged . 
  he was a very bizarre president , and i really hope people will see past his charisma to give a proper account of his presidency to future generations . 
  it is good to see that russia did not increase in perceived trustworthiness as a cheap reaction to the fall in trust in the us . 
  russia has not done much of late to warrant a feeling of greater trust in them under the putin regime . 
  i hope most people in europe start seeking the two powers as important partners , whilst recognising that they both have very self-interested foreign policies that the smaller nations of europe must be wary of at all times . 
  i believe the us has been offered too much trust in this regard in recent decades by europeans . 
  this seems like an extraordinarily petty thing to propose . 
  if we feel so appalled by some muslims ' conservative dress habits , then perhaps we should really be true to our insecure mindset and prevent them from immigrating altogether . 
  if not , then once they arrive we must not betray our own supposed pluralistic values by bringing the government in to legislate for ancient dress habits in order to make us feel at ease . 
  but i would expect nothing else from brave little austria - a country that imprisons people like the british historian david irving for nothing more than the crime of thought and writing . 
  it seems they , like many other western nations , need a refresher course on enlightenment principles . 
   lepen , most of the the rest of european nationalist right that 's the hard-right though . 
  the reactionaries are always going to be making some crude points no matter what argument they 're putting forward . 
  in many cases these people are purely in opposition to mass-immigration , which does n't even denote nationalism - it is often just making an economic argument about the massive expenses involved with immigrants in the modern welfare state . 
  the point is that nationalism does n't belong to those people . 
  in my nation , the very people who got it independent were mostly from the hard left . 
  so please do n't look at the far-right nationalists and make the point that they are the modern face of nationalism in general . 
   see trump , brexit , this is a complete oversimplification of those movements . 
  an anti-establishment/globalisation/neo-liberal movement would be a far more apt description than throwing the far-right label at them . 
  the brexit voting bloc was made up of a huge chunk of old labour , and the trump vote was made up of a large amount of people who voted for obama back in ' 08 . 
  while these people may have ceased being confident in the modern left or centre , i do n't think it is fair to label them as being far-right because of their protest vote . 
  nationalism is just being proud of your own national identity . 
  this does n't mean it has to be to the denigration of others . 
  if you are an insecure man-child , then perhaps you would need to look down on other nations to feel proud of your own , but those people are not the majority , it seems to me . 
  i fear bad things will come to europe if everyone was to view nationalism as `` misdirected '' . 
  every healthy nation needs the majority of its people to feel that they share something in common besides geographic location . 
  without it , feelings of kinship erode and all sorts of selfish and divisive behaviour arise . 
   i do n't like the idea of isis dictating to us how we treat refugees . 
  nor do i , but does it not seem more like common sense that is dictating the tightening restrictions on refugees and economic migrants ? 
  i 'm a little miffed by the constant `` we wo n't let isis influence how we live/if we change our ways isis wins '' rhetoric constantly thrashed about . 
  it seems that we are too proud to admit that mass immigration from war torn parts of the middle east was an unwise thing to allow , and now we ca n't face the fact that increased security and caution is needed to try and maintain the levels of security we once enjoyed . 
  do you want to stop cherry picking , or do you really think your deduction that `` immigrants commit the same amount ( or less ) crime than natives '' will hold up in the parts of the uk , sweden , france and now germany that have taken in large amounts of middle eastern and north african migrants ? 
  what about other relevant statistics , like a rise in support of anti-blasphemy laws and curtailments on freedom of speech in these countries ? 
  is that something we should n't also be worried about ? 
   incredibly stupid as were the pathetic attempts by certain politicians in the uk to get a ban on trump even entering the country . 
  can you think of anything more childish , short-sighted , and conceited than that ? 
  as a country that gladly welcomes saudi royalty with pomp and circumstance , no less . 
  it 's incredible how politicians across the western world have actually given an ignoramus like trump the moral high ground in certain aspects over recent months due to their own immaturity and foolishness . 
  bit late now i guess but i missed your reply . 
  could you show me where i wrote `` the only way someone can be moral is if they follow this book , '' ? 
  i said it was a matter of going above and beyond what we naturally default to , and i never implied that what we naturally default to is amoral . 
   how is a liquor bottle more offensive than a nazi salute ? 
  you are thinking in terms of offence and feelings for something that is instead for social utility . 
  the discouragement of drinking alcohol openly in the street helps to keep potential drunkards from interacting with the public and causing trouble .
