  if instead the guy is the spokesman for an organised white supremacist group , then such calls for hatred should be considered straightforward conspiracy to cause physical harm , which exists as a short-ish prison sentence in most countries that have such a law, 
  we set the limits where i implied in your quote , the point at which it turns from being just speech to a call to commit actual harm against another person , through violence , infringing on their rights , and so on . 
  a person saying that blacks are inferior and should n't be held to the same standards as their betters is fine , but a person who says that and then continues on to say `` and because are lesser , we must exercise our duty to put them back in their rightful place by burning them out of their homes and enslaving them '' is far from being mere speech and deserves punishment . 
  just out of curiosity , what are israeli laws like on this matter ? 
  for example , if i were to move to israel to promote the view that , say , the holocaust did n't actually happen , and that whatever injury done against the jews in central europe during wwii was partly brought on by the jews themselves through their various political and economic intrigues , would i be offered any protection under israeli freedom of speech laws ? 
  i 'm not going to argue that there is a huge difference between german and turkish freedom of speech , however , fining anyone for an opinion is just a cheap government racket , and it reveals attitudes towards speech that could prove quite insidious for germany as a culture when under any kind of duress . 
  the migrant crisis has revealed a few instances of certain speech being censored in many ways , as a recent example . 
  the late author christopher hitchens has a discussion [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyoofrog1em&amp;t=1m40s ) that articulates what i believe ( and , what anyone who believes that the principles of the enlightenment period ought to not be up for review and alteration under changing geo-political circumstances ) far better than i could , and i like to link it whenever i feel people are getting clouded by contemporary circumstances and bogged down in particularities . 
   speech alone can not make that happen . 
  exactly , and this is what people so often neglect to bring up : if speech is n't actually inciting people to violence or to otherwise cause harm and limit someone else 's freedom in some way , then it is just words and opinions that ought to be protected , no matter how outrageous or appalling . 
  too soon ... 
   if countries are too nationalists , eu is n't possible depending on what form of eu you want , you could be right about that . 
  considering events over the last number of years , perhaps it would n't be such a bad thing . 
   countries were very nationalists before the ww 's . 
  since then , nationalism has decrease a lot that 's a very feeble remark . 
  european nationalism has undergone a face lift perhaps , reflecting societal changes , but i do n't believe that people in ireland or britain or france , for example , objectively love their countries less than pre-wwii ... 
  since it is your own country in question here , it would be wiser to not be so flippant ; so often that attitude leads to sober critical thinking and rationality taking a backseat in favour of dismissive remarks and condescending jibes at those who disagree with you . 
  or , in this case , setting up a silly straw-man, 
  i actually can not believe that this presumably well-educated , multi-lingual german associated nationalism as being a concrete tenet owned solely by the far right . 
  does this mean that in germany now , in order to be on the political left , you more or less have to be a proponent of germany disregarding her native culture in favour of some form of pan-european federalism ? 
  the nationalists who wanted to see an independent irish republic back at the turn of the 20th century ( viewed both in britain and ireland as radicals ) were comprised of an enormous amount of socialists , and indeed , some communists . 
  the notion of nationalism being on a certain political spectrum is bizarre to me . 
  so you 're implying that being a proponent of your own culture is now regressive if it means putting it above the importance of the eu . 
  i sincerely hope it was just your phrasing that made it sound like nationalism is at odds with ... `` progress '', 
  i do n't know about you , but the parent comment read more like plain observations than an actual argument trying to persuade us of anything . 
  i 'm not sure why people are reading this as being so apologetic to white supremacists or neo-nazism ; the user simply pointed out that citizens all over europe have been warning their governments to not allow in massive amounts of refugees partly due to the inevitable emboldening of violent hate-movements such as this `` nordic resistance movement '' , and the attacks that could follow . 
  practically no one wants to see these attacks occur , and people are quite right to point out that if many governments had been representing public opinion more closely ( in this case , limiting mass-immigration ) , then we would probably not be reading stories like this , because the extremist far-right would n't feel as legitimate and confident as they do in times like these . 
  the whole refugee crisis has been treated in a pretty humane manner in europe so far , has it not ? 
   all the negative ones are discussing the article . 
  not necessarily . 
  the downvoted comments are almost invariably the ones indicating disagreement with the sanctions on russia , because to do so must obviously mean that you have a private shrine to putin in your bedroom that you pray to every night before starting a new day of putin-shilling, 
  why are you so upset about / u/germanbeer bringing up feminism ? 
  he mentioned her being the first female pm in a way that suggested that margaret thatcher had good aspects to her tenure and legacy , implying that one of which was the example that she set for any women who found themselves in a male-dominated career . 
  modern feminism * has * more or less swept her under the rug , despite her being a strong female figure that ought to be a poster-girl for the feminist movement . 
  / u/germanbeer said he found that `` funny '' , and nothing more . 
  your response including `` why are you turning this into an opportunity to shit on feminism ? '', 
  seems a bit over-the-top ... 
   section 130 of the criminal code makes it a crime to publicly ... call for violent or arbitrary measures against them that is a necessary law that provides a clear boundary between freedom of expression , and freely expressing an intention to do physical harm to someone . 
  however : `` incite hatred against parts of the population '' , or any other forms of `` hate speech '' laws are extremely dangerous in my opinion . 
  it enables the state to essentially imprison someone for expressing their hatred towards , for example , muslim men , because of their attitudes towards women and so on . 
  such laws are invariably abused and limit public discourse . 
  okay , i have now read through the german section in full . 
  as a nation that has faced up to its troubled history with admirable honesty and humility , the presence of laws like these very much sours that tradition in my opinion . 
  there are people who will always have opinions like those of this woman . 
  they are to be listened to and then disproven and ridiculed . 
  having laws with vague terms like `` disturbing the public peace '' are , in this context , dangerous , and not conducive to a free society . 
  i 'm very happy to learn that similar laws were proposed in the uk and the us and were wholly rejected . 
  are you quoting these points from somewhere , or are they just what * you * think should n't be done ? 
  i agree with some of them , but i find it hard to believe that either germany or elsewhere in europe have laws against people who `` insult the dignity of others '' , unless by `` insult '' , they meant an actual physical act , as opposed to verbal abuse . 
   what is the problem with that ? 
  just to clarify , are you saying that there is nothing wrong with making some possible opinions of citizens illegal ? 
   there is no absolute free speech . 
  yes there is , or rather , there ought to be when the speech is n't calling for harmful action against one 's fellow citizens . 
  your quoted text says that the people like the old woman in question would have to be `` disturbing the public peace '' , and i 'm not sure if she was ? 
  well , in my `` fantasy land '' people who incite violence towards others are charged . 
  but those who deny that the holocaust happened , or who express sympathy towards the third reich , i would defend against being charged or fined . 
  however outrageous or appalling someone 's views are , it is completely unacceptable to imprison someone based on opinions that they have when they are n't directly calling for violent actions against fellow citizens . 
  i can not believe that you would think this would be a fantasy land ; it is the type of society that we have strove for since the enlightenment period, 
  am i missing something glaringly obvious here , or has germany actually lost its mind in the pursuit of some weird pc vision of public orthodoxy ? 
  was this woman actually * inciting * people to violence against jews , or was she just saying that she did n't believe the holocaust to have happened ? 
  if it is only the latter that she is guilty of , then the german people ought to feel obliged to prevent her incarceration , if they are going to take long-established western ideas of freedom of expression in any way seriously in their country . 
  i always like to link [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyoofrog1em&amp;amp;t=1m40s ) talk from the late author christopher hitchens ( who mentions holocaust deniers as part of his argument ) when i feel as though my fellow europeans need some basic reminders of what freedom of expression in a democratic society actually entails . 
  when we lose sight of it , as i think germany may have in this case , very insidious societal trends emerge . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  i never said that i did n't vote for anti-immigration parties . 
  i would vote for parties that are in favour of some immigration , but against indiscriminate mass-immigration . 
  so that would include prohibiting a load of unskilled muslim men who really do n't have much of a place in a very technical skills based economy like ireland . 
  it 's also down to the culture shock of being in a genuinely free society . 
  living in a place that can mock your faith and culture , and do it with ease and accuracy , is hard to take for a people whose religion 's explicit goal is the creation of a perfect society where islam is the unchallenged doctrine that every tier of society lives by . 
  i think that , rather than turning to religion , they just amp up the original convictions that they already had . 
  islam seems to be the main ingredient of middle eastern culture now , and when these people get bombarded by this new culture in which they find themselves in europe , they react by clinging to what unites and differentiates them from us . 
  it 's a common psychological reaction for immigrants who arrive in a new culture . 
  it 's just unfortunate that theirs is such a shitty ideology that unites them . 
  not exactly , but they are breaking eu regulations that state that refugees need to apply for asylum in the first nation they arrive at in order to be considered for refugee treatment . 
  any source for the claims of these ... `` poverty refugees '' being a tiny minority ? 
  i do n't get where people like you sustain your attitudes . 
  do you automatically shout `` propaganda ! '', 
  and so on when you hear arguments against immigration ? 
  why do you reckon it is so low ? 
  i 'm baffled that we apparently have a pretty significant lead over the uk in the support of same-sex marriage, 
  cheer up , canada !, 
   why are you guys blaming refugees ? 
  i think that most of the present and future problems with crime when things calm down in europe will be as a result of the opportunistic economic migrants that took advantage of the initial naivety of the german government and much of the electorate , by travelling alongside the people who fled the middle east under under genuine fear of death . 
  i do n't think the genuine refugees will pose as much of a problem as the economic migrants , but that does n't mean they wo n't be a problem at all . 
  after all , they are all muslims , who have proven time and time again to be the most obnoxiously stubborn group to integrate into western societies , except for maybe the romani . 
  few enough among this influx seem to be genuine refugees ... and it would be fanciful to think that the genuine refugees are n't also causing trouble, 
  yeah , that 's fair enough . 
  although , i certainly do n't share your feeling of suicide being okay to just let happen and accept . 
  i see suicide as being the main ` enemy ' of modern society , and an enemy that needs to be combatted far more thoroughly and aggressively than it currently is . 
  it kills off a huge amount of our young males , along with massive amounts of people in areas like the military , to the point that it becomes the main cause of fatalities in some . 
  suicide and depression seem to become more and more common as societies become more modern and ` sophisticated ' like ours . 
  for that reason , i feel it is our obligation to combat this phenomenon that to me , undermines the very core of the supposed merits of the western world . 
  for people to grow up somewhere in the western world and want to kill themselves ought to be recognised as an affront to our society , and desperately needs to be addressed for both pragmatic and philosophical reasons . 
   i have a fairly `` live and let die '' sort of outlook on life . 
  please elaborate ; the vagueness of that sentence makes it sound rather sinister ... 
  settle in / u/exploding _ cat_wizard , you brought this lengthy reply on yourself !, 
  so , what 's `` patently wrong '' , aside from almost everything in your comment ? 
  such as :  the us had to invent the economy it has today on the fly while getting all the immigrant `` waves '' so you 're suggesting that the us let in tens , sometimes hundreds of thousands a year , and * after * , and only after they arrived , that only then did they come up with a plan for them ? 
  that 's ridiculous , and plucked straight from your imagination , and i think that you know it is . 
  let us take my own people 's exodus in the mid-nineteenth century as an example .
