  would n't you know it , a few years later an illegal , illegitimate putsch of yanukovich 's government occurred , with the director of the cia in a rare appearance abroad ( that was initially denied ) in kiev before the putsch , meeting as he later remarked were his ukrainian `` partners and friends . '' this indicates extraordinary degrees of meddling , except this time right on the borders of russia in an extremely important territory . 
   it is perceived as post-soviet space in the west , not as space of do-not -- poke-the-bear . 
  and thousands are now dead because of that exact attitude towards former soviet territory . 
  as if russia would or should let american influence extend up to their own borders with impunity . 
  would the us do the same with a hostile power constantly breaking faith with past agreements encroaching on their borders ? 
  i agree that it 's a bizarrely inaccurate word to use for the modern russian federation itself when referring the the collapse of the ussr , but it still is for most russians a very symbolic transition from a run-down , inflexible , and impoverished system , to one which brought many benefits that common russians had n't enjoyed before . 
  so , still a revolution for them . 
  of sorts ... 
   russia could be a friend to the west right now could it ? 
  all the west has done since the end of the cold war is break faith with various agreements with russia not to expand eu/nato influence , until it finally reached its limits with the attempt to overthrow one of the last independent regimes under the kremlin 's influence in syria , and finally the pathetic and subsequently destructive attempts to bring ukraine into the western fold . 
  it 's amazing how the supposedly evil putin regime is always portrayed in the west as an irrational one just flexing its muscles for the sake of it , and not instead one doing it in response to the multiple unnecessary humiliations brought upon them by western powers , and the very serious ( and in the case of the eu - immensely arrogant ) encroachments by the largely hostile , american-backed entities like the eu and nato since the end of the cold war . 
  it 's far from being funny that some of the more zealous imams in the middle east and indeed europe constantly invoke past european and current american imperialism , along with the christian crusades ( often not distinguishing between any of them ) as a rallying cry for the aggressive spread of islam in the west , and a resurgence of the large medieval caliphates that encroached upon and overran parts of europe . 
  it sounds ridiculous to us , but not to many of the imams ' followers . 
  it * is * a fact that more and more laws in the uk , which - in england 's case - were for the past ~ 1000 years drafted and enacted through home-grown domestic institutions , are now instead written into law by the eu 's various institutions . 
  seeing as england in particular is very proud of their common law and westminster parliament-style of government , and of the various liberties it afforded england traditionally , it is understandable that this loss of sovereignty over something they have enjoyed as an independent , law-making country for the last millennium would unnerve and provoke a negative reaction . 
  & nbsp ; but i would n't expect you to accept that seeing as all you 've done so far is make dismissive , condescending remarks ; demanding evidence from the other side , whilst proudly absolving yourself of the responsibility of providing any of your own . 
   i would need to be convinced that it would not infringe our liberty . 
  basically , americans would never assent to living under it in its current form . 
  the elements in british ( particularly english ) society that led to the slow discontent of that nation with the eu are even more pronounced in the us . 
  what ? 
  in your federalist/soft empire view , what are the benefits that warrant the curtailments of a nation 's independent law-making procedures ? 
  i would imagine because the eu is an incredibly complex institution with both positives and negatives , one of the perceived negatives articulated by euro-sceptics being the curtailments in the member society to mould its own future due to the extra layers of authority involved in various forms of law-making . 
  everything you said there was reasonable , and i would like you to look over it again and see just how much of it unfortunately begins to answer even the extreme position you referred to earlier : `` suggestion we block out anyone who ... is a muslim from coming to europe ? '', 
  your last comment i think offers an insight into how serious this is becoming . 
  the muslim communities in europe have created an environment in which both hopeless racists and regular people can make common legitimate points to further an argument for why we should not really let any muslims in if we took a stance based purely on safety risks . 
   and how does sweden 's immigration policy create new extremists exactly ? 
  can you explain how it does n't ? 
  when people are lying dead on the streets of europe as a result of attacks carried out by men who consider themselves jihadists , it is getting to the point where the burden of evidence is on people like you to prove that we are not any less safe from random terrorist attacks than we were before having a large muslim demographic . 
  it is also up to you to prove that these attacks are n't swelling the ranks of the far right , and in turn creating new extremists from the ` native ' population willing to do harm on the muslim demographic . 
  this goes back to my simple `` are we making the country better for future generations ? '', 
  question that never gets asked - i would argue that the rise of these extremist groups is a resounding `` no '' to the question in places like sweden , germany , france , and the uk . 
  the reason for the negative response to the question is because within every single muslim demographic that has ever been polled , there has been a large minority who espouse views and attitudes that we would consider rather extreme in modern europe . 
  these views mostly concern the role that islam should have in the political and legal system , but the intractable attitudes towards homosexuality and women are no less worrying . 
  of this large minority , there is a small minority who are even worse and who buy into the ideology of the eternal struggle against the infidel in the west and are vulnerable to be groomed into men of action against said infidel . 
  herein lies one of the main differences between the jihadist and the ira operative : the jihadist fights on behalf of a god who will reward him for taking part in a struggle with no other purpose than to make the entire world for allah . 
  `` the entire world for allah '' , as i am sure you can see , can not have an equivalent of the good friday agreement - it will never make demands of us that we can fulfill . 
  therefore , it is a permanent friction to add into a society if it accepts a large amount of muslims - and by a large amount i mean enough to make it difficult to integrate them and root out the violent tendencies that arise in their faith . 
   so what is your suggestion we block out anyone who is n't from europe from moving to europe ? 
  nope . 
  we set up an immigration system like the one seen in australia ( a similar system that used to exist everywhere ) , in which the government and society allows people in based on the economic needs of the nation , while requiring an impeccable record from the migrant . 
  so for example , if there is seen that there will be a shortage of nurses for which the education system will not make up for in the future , you let in qualified nurses be they muslim , christian , or otherwise . 
  a system like that not only makes economic sense , but it will make it impossible for any one ethnic or religious group to form large cloistered communities that are at risk of producing disenfranchised and detached individuals that hate the surrounding society . 
  & nbsp ; i was going to get to your odd `` you ca n't say what the ira did in terms of their attacks was n't any better than what these extremists are doing now '' remark , but this has gone on long enough . 
  right , so instead of actually trying to accurately evaluate the problems we have , you are going to hide behind sarcasm and draw retarded parallels between islamic extremism and a guerilla insurrectionist group with marxist-atheist leanings ? 
  yeah , the hypothetical you gave is more or less what i 'm talking about . 
  in such a case , islam is the majority faith unless you combine the christian denominations . 
   point is that it has no chance of success ( on large scale ) . 
  yeah , more than likely - i was just picking up on you calling the other user 's assertion a myth . 
  there is indeed a very creepy strain in islam that places great emphasis on plentiful reproduction while among infidel societies . 
  understand that these are strains that do n't even put an emphasis on conversion , but , as the previous user said , gradual replacement of the host society . 
  whatever its success may be , it is difficult to deny that societies that now already have a large muslim demographic will sometime in the future face islam as the potential majority faith . 
  no , i am saying among other things that everyone should probably stop pursuing policies that both allows in , and creates new extremists in their societies . 
  while your points about decreasing fertility rates in 2nd and 3rd generation muslim migrants is true , it is absolutely not a myth that increasing the population of muslims in the infidel societies to slowly spread islam is a philosophy that is being pursued . 
   actually , that would be the worst thing for them . 
  if no one considered their actions a threat , then they 'd be useless actions . 
  oh , you insufferable fool . 
  you are actually arguing that open borders in europe where terrorist cells would be freer to roam around societies that bury their heads in the sand and say that they do n't need strict measures because radical islam is n't a threat would be * unfavourable * to organisations like isis ? 
   rich coming from an irishman . 
  what is rich about it ? 
  if nothing else , explain this remark to me . 
   dozens of western cultures got through mechanized industrial war without changing . 
  it is at this point that i should have decided to not respond to you at all due to how catastrophically stupid and ignorant it is as a remark . 
   so your plan is to support people calling for more fear and hate ? 
  really ? 
  that 's your strat ? 
  really ? 
  is you consistently not reading what i said your `` strat '' . 
  i was talking about people who genuinely feel less safe now as a result of terror attacks being proof of how our societies have changed for the worse . 
  are those people who feel afraid being hateful ? 
  are those pointing out that we have a serious problem with ** a section ** of the muslim community ( or more accurately they have a problem with us ) being hateful ? 
  aside from arguing that we should be combating terrorism via open borders , not considering radical islam a threat , and saying that mechanised warfare did n't change europe , what the fuck are you trying to say with that inarticulate mess of a comment ? 
  yeah but go on grafton or henry street in dublin in the morning and see how much those shops rely on delivery trucks being able to unload beside them . 
  really , there is very little we can do to prevent these attacks short of finding the people before they do them , and these piecemeal measures like bollards are just drops in the vast ocean of options available to someone who wants to kill a load of civilians . 
   you 're doing the work of terrorists . 
  that 's an extraordinarily stupid thing to say . 
  there is nothing that terrorists want more than for their enemies to have complacent societies that allow tonnes of people in with poor vetting procedures . 
  it is also getting to the point that these attacks have changed some societies , because they now need stricter measures to enjoy anywhere near the level of safety they enjoyed before having a large muslim population . 
  but with or without stricter security measures , it is still the case that these attacks are getting to the back of people 's minds . 
  in market areas , and other places of large congregations , people often report feeling less safe in light of recent terror attacks . 
  they have changed our societies whether people point it out or not . 
  & nbsp ; in any case , we do n't know anything about this attacker yet . 
  we do n't know the reason behind this attack yet , but since you bring up the previous attacks in sweden ... with regards to various topics relating to the state of our nations , why do n't we just ask ourselves `` are we inheriting the result of generations of our ancestors ' toil and continuing to make the country better for future generations ? '' . 
  with regards to sweden and its immigration policy , what grounds do the pro-immigration side have to say that they are making their highly developed and stable nation better for future generations by taking in hundreds of thousands of people from unstable and violent societies that often have very little respect for tolerant societies like sweden ? 
  `` clearly '' ? 
  what was the attack in london then ? 
  what are you getting at ? 
  yeah , i find it hard to believe . 
  powell was more than impressive enough on most matters thrown at him to build up a gradual bid for leadership , and he knew that his popularity was growing . 
  this theory would partly explain the intensity of the backlash from the conservatives though . 
  they probably would have seen it as long run suicide to allow a man making points like that to get the leadership , no matter how popular he was . 
  i honestly think he just indulged himself too much in extreme imagery and metaphor , and thought it would be constructive to his comparatively tame views, 
  sure , and after listening to the speech most people can figure out that it is just a rhetorical flourish to drive home his previous `` filled with foreboding '' remark . 
  but nonetheless , enoch powell was more than intelligent enough to have known what invoking such imagery when talking about immigration would provoke among the media and his party . 
  talking about rivers foaming with blood was unnecessary and inflammatory , and in a way he deserved the backlash from his party for being so cavalier with his use of language . 
  exactly . 
  his whole criticism of large amounts of immigration was essentially that it introduces frictions into a society that would n't otherwise be there . 
  enoch was prone to using imagery and metaphors that were far too extreme for what he was trying to say , and we can still see it being used against him today . 
  can you explain what that actually means ? 
  i do n't want anecdotes , because both of us can find examples of conservatives and liberals ignoring reality , i mean what is it about the traditions and philosophies of conservatism that ignores reality in your opinion ? 
   a supranational management to all the national resources of the coal and steel is hardly a `` interconnected system of economic cooperation and trade '' , claiming otherwise is just silly .
