oh god , this brings back memories of my 2010 ` summer ' spent on the belmullet peninsula . 
  i had never before seen such a simultaneously beautiful and depressing landscape . 
  rained every fucking day bar one , naturally . 
  sure what else would late july and august be ?!!, 
  yeah i do n't disagree with any of that really , but one should n't blame * european * politicians too much for ignoring yet another crisis in the middle east , considering everything else that the eu and its constituent states have had to deal with since 2011 . 
   and this has led to acute problems which require short term solutions . 
  unfortunately , many prefer `` solutions '' that would do nothing but allow them to go back to ignoring the problem and letting it fester as quickly as possible . 
  if it was the policy of the eu to take people from the refugee camps in the neighbouring countries to syria , and distribute them somewhat fairly among the eu states , i would consider that a more than sufficient short-term solution . 
  but now that germany has thoroughly scared the shit out of everyone with completely impulsive policies , it has made many nations go to the other reactionary extreme for the foreseeable future , which is unfortunate . 
  i think that , in the case of germany , it was the taking in of a huge amount of migrants that is ignoring the wider problem . 
  the only way a sane government would allow the sheer quantity of people that yours is planning is if they thought that the problem would go away eventually . 
  but it wo n't . 
  in the long run , normalising a process of taking in huge amounts of migrants from areas like the middle east and north africa benefits neither the host nor the donor nations . 
  i do n't have to look far from home to see how damaging net out-migration can be for a country in the long run, 
  by my definition of reasonable , taking in a reasonable amount of genuine refugees would n't be ignoring or trying to take as little as we can get away with , and it certainly would n't be foisting the problem on someone else . 
  what it would ideally be , is taking in the maximum amount that would allow us to give each and every one of them the attention and support that they would need , to become functioning citizens whose children would n't differ in any way to ethnically irish children , other than in superficial ways . 
  also , i would support sending financial aid to turkey . 
  they are the only vaguely european place that has a chance to integrate huge amounts of people from places like syria . 
  i would n't be so certain that it would descend into civil war either . 
  they are a muslim majority country , and i daresay that many syrians would be more content within a more familiar culture , closer to their former homes and families , than in places like sweden . 
   that 's a disgraceful ( and stupid ) copout stupid ? 
  that 's a great start . 
  i 'm assuming that you consider your chancellor 's actions over the past two weeks to be the noble , non-copout route to take ? 
  one that europe should aim to emulate ? 
  after all , since there are humanitarian disasters in the middle east and north africa , surely we should do our duty as the moral and economic juggernauts that we europeans are , and take in every displaced person in the world !, 
   huge refugee camps in the directly neighboring countries where hundreds of thousands of people stay dependant on food handouts and no hope of making a living for themselves are not only a human rights disaster that can not be ignored by developed countries that take their ideals seriously . 
  they 're also a breeding ground for extremists and can destabilize the host countries , creating even worse problems for the whole world , including the eu . 
  okay ... ? 
  nothing to really quarrel with there . 
  i agree that huge amounts of muslim ` refugees ' * are * a problem , no matter where they are in the eu . 
  so why should they all be allowed into the eu ? 
  why not take in a reasonable amount of refugees from actual refugee camps near syria if we really want to help ? 
  who 's terrific idea was it to invite literally hundreds of thousands of mostly uneducated muslim men into the european heartland and beyond ? 
  do you really think it is a `` copout '' , to want no part in the policies of a manipulative and calculating german leader , who said with glee that these migrants will change the face of germany ? 
  do you think it 's a `` copout '' for governments to put the long-term welfare of its citizens before the plight of peoples from different fucking continents ??? 
  leave the rest of us eu countries to `` copout '' in peace . 
  you can feel free to let in as many muslim men as you want , until you feel sufficiently self-satisfied with your noble , ` progressive ' behaviour . 
  we 'll see how long it takes before you realise that germany has made a huge mistake, 
  i actually get quite upset when thinking about this , all the more so after travelling to prague over the summer . 
  i could walk around for hours in a city like that , learning about all of the stories and history to the buildings ; the methods used in their construction , the costs that the methods incurred and so on . 
  even though in my home city of dublin we never really had anything of the opulent baroque and gothic architecture that exists in prague , we still demolished large amount of georgian buildings and replaced them with the worst of depressing 50s and 60s architecture . 
  it was great to see many old buildings being rebuilt and restored in german cities , but they will never be able to completely restore places like berlin to what it was before the war . 
  we just have n't got the money , will , and skills to build them anymore . 
  we probably never will . 
  what point are you making exactly ? 
  genuine refugees stop being refugees when they get away from the peril that they 're fleeing , and face no further persecution . 
  when people fleeing syria/iraq etc reach turkey , and then continue on to europe they become migrants . 
  no country should feel obliged to take in un-identifiable people who have been going around europe with no other apparent purpose other than to scout out the most generous population and the most lenient welfare system edit : just to clarify , i do n't actually condemn them for looking for the best handouts on offer , but that does n't mean that i think we should facilitate them . 
  we seem to have developed a habit in western europe of overestimating ourselves , particularly in the extent to which we think that we can help the people of the middle east without in turn , damaging ourselves . 
  many countries in europe , such as my own , have a completely unsuitable economy for huge influxes of unskilled migrants . 
  we have pretty lenient welfare and other benefits , payed for by high taxes , along with a highly technical , financial economy that requires degrees from university as a minimum for any chance of real success in life . 
  it 's the type of place that only migrants who actually * want * to leech would want any part of . 
  we are n't 19th century america , we have n't the jobs , money , or uninhabited space to facilitate these people . 
  perhaps germany can find them all jobs and pay for their education , but we ca n't, 
   taking in people `` from actual refugee camps '' is easy to say when there 's no other way for people to enter your country . 
  what the hell is this attitude ? 
  you 're making it sound as if germany is some sort of powerless nation , with no control over its own borders ; a nation that is completely at the mercy of whatever movement of peoples is ongoing in africa and the middle east , and so it should just accept this fate of mass-immigration . 
  are you really suggesting that germany adopting a policy of refusing undocumented migrants and taking on refugees from camps near the source of the problem , is * less * viable than allowing hundreds of thousands of un-identifiable migrants from all over north africa and the middle east into germany , as it has been doing ? 
  of course * some * people will find a way to get in illegally , but that should n't prevent you from trying to halt and deport random migrants whilst taking in genuine refugees , should it ? 
  why does having land borders justify giving up on trying to stem this enormous tide of migrants ? 
  you did n't stop there either . 
  you added to the sense of futility that a uk-type policy would have because `` it is highly likely that more or less the same number of people would have come if she [ merkel ] had n't made the decisions she made '' . 
  i 'm sorry , but most of these migrants seem deluded enough as it is , and a leader of a wealthy western european country coming out and saying that it will open its arms to all ` refugees ' is going to end in much different circumstances than if she had n't made those ridiculous gestures . 
  only `` reduced costs '' that 's absolutely barbaric !, 
  i 'm sorry , but i am having some difficulty in understanding the relevance of the first half of your comment . 
  what has the * alleged * remark of a 19th century economist got to do with anything ? 
  there is far more evidence to suggest that nassau was actually sympathetic to the economic and political conditions at the time in ireland , and that this apparent ` quote ' of his was something taken out of context when he was talking about some of his convictions on political economy . 
  as for the second half of your comment , i know that most governments do not really * want * to help non-citizens . 
  but they are obliged , as part of the eu and un , to help stem the flow of potential future refugees , whilst alleviating some of the pressure on the countries bordering syria . 
  they are motivated to at least look as though they are doing something to help . 
  so a sensible way to perform the balancing act of self-interest and cooperation with other nations is , i would argue , what the uk is planning . 
  a damaging , unsustainable way would be what the germans have been doing, 
  hahaha !, 
  `` hi , i 'd like to apply for asylum here in ireland please '' alright , what reason do you have to apply ? 
  `` well , i 'm from the us and i 'm retiring soon '' * gasp !, 
  * oh my god you poor thing !, 
  you probably ca n't even get free bus passes as a senior citizen in that savage country , can you ? 
  c'mon in sir , and here , take my coat , it 's a little chilly outside today . 
  `` yeah thanks '', 
  i 'm delighted that the uk has remained somewhat sane during all of this refugee hype-train nonsense . 
  i really can not understand how a policy of taking the people from the * actual * refugee camps , the people who are blatantly destitute and hopeless , has n't been the policy across the eu all along . 
  the only states in which your policy would be less useful are the places that are receiving refugees directly , like italy and greece . 
  hopefully others will adopt your policies in the weeks to come , and put a rest to the infantile rhetoric in politics and the media that presents us with the two choices of `` close borders to them all which = racism/xenophobia/cruelty '' or `` find it in your heart to let any and all refugees in , which = equality/civility/kindness '' . 
  so fucking annoying listening to the radio and tv recently . 
  is norway taking any refugees ? 
  i have n't heard anything from them yet . 
  they were n't very friendly to me when i went over there , and i just wanted to ski !, 
  yeah , but would you wait for up to a decade in our painstakingly inefficient system of confirming the sincerity of the asylum seekers ' applications ? 
  i would lose my mind . 
  it 's too fuckin cold over here to be at that shite , living in glorified sheds and whatnot, 
  no , what makes us look like assholes are people who try to shut down opinions by name calling , whilst not providing any sort of explanation for the name calling , or any form of counter argument, 
  i thought it was hilarious how some of the rhetoric in the lead up to the scottish independence referendum made reference to the idea that the only reason scotland ever entered into a union with england was because of debt built up from a failed attempt at a scottish overseas empire . 
  talk about bringing up old resentment !, 
  it would be like sinn f\u00e9in trying to drum up resentment of the english over here by talking about henry viii 's abolition of our monasteries, 
  i did n't realise that scottish imperialism was still alive and kicking, 
   also , note that basic literacy does n't entail a whole lot of education across the population . 
  yeah it 's important to not forget that . 
  the rate of illiteracy is just the most blatant sign of an uneducated population . 
  there 's many other more subtle indicators that i 'm sure would show up a pretty extensive deficit in education among the syrian population . 
  it 's certainly not the case that the remaining ~ 80 % of syrians are both literate * and * well educated unfortunately .
