i have to drive for two days . 
  [ what about el mexicano ? 
  great mexican food in chicago . 
  topolobampo is probably the best mexican restaurant in the country . 
  if you see a mexican catering truck , pull over immediately . 
  [ borat did n't help . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs9vq7ozona ), 
  even in the us you 're not guaranteed to get authentic mexican food in a mexican restaurant . 
  although things are getting better as mexican people spread out all over the country . 
  do you want fries with that ? 
  what happened to the siesta ? 
  i was expecting to find out that the romanian haystack is a sexual position . 
  ok , i found [ this article ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/will-catholic-poland-finally-legalize-abortion-796091 )  according to the new york-based center for reproductive rights , or crr , poland has one of the lowest rates of modern contraceptive use in europe -- 19 percent , versus 81 percent in the uk , 38.9 percent in italy and 29.5 percent in romania ...  pro-choice supporters counter that the difficult climate in poland forces thousands of pregnant women into getting illegal abortions underground , outside of the law , where health risks may abound . 
  some poles travel to other countries in the eu , like germany or the czech republic , to have abortions but often at great financial cost . 
  if only 19 % of your population is using contraception , there 's no way that the abortion rate could be below 2 % . 
  especially when the birth rate is [ only 10 births per 1000 people per year . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_poland ), 
  that makes sense -- with travel so much easier in the eu , why not just have your abortion in , say , germany ? 
  if it 's anything like it was in the us 50 years ago , you can always find a doctor who will say `` your health is endangered . '', 
  uk did the same thing ( see the l-shaped room with leslie caron ) . 
  that 's why i 'm surprised the number is so low in poland . 
  i suspect a lying government agency . 
  it said 59 % speak dutch , which is still a pretty high number . 
  edit : if you 're talking about the chart on that wikipedia page , it only says what languages are spoken at home . 
  that 's not the same thing as the languages people are * able * to speak . 
  i wonder if it 's influenced by the presence of the eu ? 
  perhaps native dutch speakers in brussels have had to learn french or english to deal with foreign diplomats , whereas there 's less need for francophones to learn dutch ? 
   in 2006 , the universit\u00e9 catholique de louvain , the country 's largest french-speaking university , published a report with the introduction ( here translated ) :  `` this issue regarding economies is devoted to the demand for knowledge of languages in belgium and in its three regions ( brussels , flanders , wallonia ) . 
  the surveys show that flanders is clearly more multilingual , which is without doubt a well known fact , but the difference is considerable : whereas 59 % and 53 % of the flemings know french or english respectively , only 19 % and 17 % of the walloons know dutch or english . 
  ...  within the report , professors in economics ginsburgh and weber further show that of the brussels ' residents , 95 % declared they can speak french , 59 % dutch , and 41 % know the non-local english . 
  of those under the age of forty , 59 % in flanders declared that they could speak all three , along with 10 % in wallonia and 28 % in brussels . 
  in each region , belgium 's third official language , german , is notably less known than those . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_belgium#multilingualism ) i have n't corrected the bad english translation from wikipedia . 
  but which country is the toothpick ? 
  who are we here on earth to say what is supposed to be ? 
  was she what ? 
  has to be italian for me . 
  i studied french and spanish in school , and when i got around to italian , i was surprised how easily it seemed to come to me . 
  must have something to do with all those operas i listened to as a kid . 
  ok -- that requires a little longer answer . 
  first let me say that , [ like a clear majority of americans , ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/usa/politics/2013/0829/war-weary-americans-wary-of-us-attacking-syria ) i oppose any us military intervention whatsoever in syria . 
  and i honestly do n't think obama is particularly keen on it either . 
  i doubt very much that he has any plans to send troops . 
  i think what concerns him is past criticism that the us has stood by and watched while brutal dictators massacre their own people . 
  but that 's a very different thing from wanting us to get involved in another bush-style war . 
  edit : fixed typos, 
  let 's hope the us gets the message . 
  but i doubt it . 
  is n't that a moose in the picture ? 
  they could get cut in half . 
  volcanetto ? 
  [ the one who 's a dead ringer for conan o'brien . 
  actually it depends on what you mean by `` spying '' . 
  routine espionage methods like you read about in john lecarr\u00e9 novels are obviously nothing new , but the nsa has taken it to a whole other level . 
  that 's really what all the furore is about . 
  i stand corrected -- good work , iceland . 
  not that different from the us if you watch ours on tv . 
  most speeches are given to an empty house . 
  only difference is our tv people have firm instructions not to show anybody sleeping . 
  looks great , never a dull moment . 
  and that 's why california and japan are so poverty-stricken . 
  that * is * nice . 
  edit : oh wait , i thought you were saying you lived in nice . 
  [ cups ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8mvrhzjigg ), 
  this is a boring choice , but for me it would have to be england . 
  i 'm too old to learn to be fluent in a second language , and i do n't want to be that guy that you always have to speak english to . 
  you can play bumper cars on the freeway . 
  you have to zoom in to see it . 
  in terms of area , you 're right , but the areas most affected are some of the most populated . 
  all of new york city & long island . 
  half of new jersey , all of delaware & louisiana , etc. 
  of course nobody 's talking about a rise of 60m at the moment , but if all the ice on earth melted , i think it would be even worse than that . 
  or the other way round . 
  well , a lot of it is already under sea level now , so the question is will the dutch figure out how to deal with a higher level . 
  great website !, 
  i used it to check out the san francisco bay area . 
  looks like they 're screwed . 
  no data for germany i guess , but i 'm sure it was pretty dire . 
  actually , there may not have been a lot of hard data for any of these countries . 
  this was before the un or even the league of nations , so international record keeping was n't that precise . 
  most likely this is somebody 's guess , maybe from the american relief administration . 
  that was 2011 . 
  i bet it 's already changed for a lot of countries . 
  * off ? 
  reminds me of when i took a tour of versailles . 
  it was toward the end of the day and the only tour still available was in french . 
  the guide kept talking about `` le week end '' and i thought , ok , so they used to come out here on the weekend . 
  but why does he keep saying it ? 
  turns out he was saying `` louis quinze '' . 
  not modern greek either . 
  we have many words deriving from the ancient greek , but i do n't know of any derived from modern greek , except where they 're just the greek word for something , like ouzo or feta . 
  how do you decide whether a borrowed noun should be masculine or feminine ? 
  which is funny because in the us a beamer is a bmw . 
  i think that clustering of immigrants by nationality tends to happen whether or not the government gets involved . 
  at least that 's been our experience in the us , where we have for example communities of laotians in minnesota . 
  they go where the jobs are ( meat-packing plants in this case ) and where they can socialize with people who speak the same language . 
  usually the next generation grow up american and tend to move further away . 
  exactly what i said , georgia georgia . 
  but which normative statements are valid ? 
  for example , polls in muslim countries show only single-digit support for al qaeda 's methods and for suicide bombings in general .
