  stupid ez policies ( austerity ) led to syriza . 
  and the failure was first for all parties . 
  carless lending on part of big banks in the ez , foolish laws which allowed greece to borrow like germany and careless borrowing and nepotism on part of greek governments . 
  it 's funny how people here have insulted the us for its embargoes that hurt innocent citizens , yet in the case of one of your own , greece , you can rationalise behaving worse than the us . 
  greece does n't have an end of a deal . 
  it has an end of an ultimatum that does n't make economic sense . 
  so yeah , euro are indeed the bad guys . 
  why would greece ` come back ' to the eurozone ? 
  it 's a joke of an institution that can not work . 
  krugman was right . 
  the eurosnobs were wrong . 
  half the world is in negative interest rates and large multinationals are sitting on large cash piles . 
  the middle class is slipping away mostly because these large companies have open markets and can play nation-states against one-another to steal public wealth and labour productivity . 
  i 'm no fan of the eu , but kudos on you all for sticking it to apple . 
  something needs to be done about this and you 're the only game in town right now at least attempting to do something . 
  it 's almost like people do n't understand that big surpluses somewhere result in big deficits somewhere else . 
  the eurozone was designed poorly and people are still having a hard time excepting that their beloved union has serious flaws . 
  people even go so far to demonise accomplished economists like paul krugman for daring to point this out . 
  greece has had issues with tax collection for a long time , it did not change significantly after entering into the ez . 
  so the question is this : if greece is to blame , why did greece not have a 7 year long crisis before ? 
  the answer is because the ez allowed irresponsible private-debt on the part of the big banks , took away monetary powers and opened up weak economies to unprotected competition . 
  the ez is a flop . 
  the rules were n't sound . 
  the economics of the eurozone failed because it 's bad economics , not because people did n't worship at its alter hard enough . 
  there is not one single politician in the entire world that can become the pm of greece and fix the economy . 
  you 're at the mercy of bigger powers . 
  there 's no room in your budget to invest in anything for the future . 
  greece 's bond yields would have stayed at 25 % had it not joined the eurozone and accordingly the big western euro banks would not have over-leveraged on greek govt . 
  debt . 
  why did greece never have a crisis this big prior to the eurozone ? 
  their tax collection has always been bad , yet it never had a seven year recession like this . 
  blaming the crisis on greece 's tax collection is foolish . 
  the structures of the eurozone created the crisis . 
  it took away the tools to fix a recession and created an environment that made the crisis worse ( inflation targets of the pre draghi ecb ) . 
  so yeah , the eurozone created the crisis . 
  it took away the cure and created the conditions that allowed for over-leveraging on debt . 
  greece needs reform , but fire sale privitisations and * increased * taxation and * higher * primary surplus targets are awful reform measures . 
  the troika are keeping greece on life support , so that they might exploit its organs to cleanse the blood . 
  all the money that goes to greece goes back to pay for northern euro bank bailouts . 
   greece made promises in the past that were n't kept to . 
  so did germany in regards to its surplus targets . 
  where are the countries banding together to punish germany ? 
   joining the eu ( and euro ) helped speed up this crisis since it would n't have borrowed as much as it did ( due to the rates ) if it had n't , but unless reforms had happened , this crisis would have come eventually . 
  it did n't speed it up . 
  it created it . 
  greece never would have had a crisis this big and for this long out of the euro . 
  what caused the crisis was the inability of greece to print its own currency and run its own monetary policy , whilst its currency bloc ran anti-inflationary measures whilst athens burned . 
  adding fuel to the fire . 
  also , the eurozone caused a convergence of bond yields ( as it was assumed the ecb backed all bonds in the eurozone ) which contributed to ing , deutsche bank and scogen over-leveraging on greek ( and others ) government bonds . 
   joining the eu meant that greece could now borrow more at a much lower rate . 
  from private banks who saw their balance sheets daily , showing unsustainable investments covered only by a 2 % capital base in some cases . 
  what is lost here , greece borrowed like this in the past thirty years but managed to avoid a massive seven year long depression ... so what changed ? 
  the eurozone . 
   greece is at fault for allowing this situation to occur for decades , the eu is at fault for not making sure reforms were passed before joining , banks are at fault for recklessly lending when they knew what was going to happen , the imf is at fault for pushing austerity that is proven to not work . 
  yes - agree here . 
  there are many parties at fault to varying degrees . 
  but mostly this problem is structural . 
  the eurozone and its silly rules and institutions caused this crisis as well as the big banks in the eurozone . 
  do n't hold your breath for an apology from the rest of the troika . 
  the politicians still need to lie that they have n't been torturing greece for a bank bailout . 
  remember , the large shareholders of deutsche bank need to be able to afford that new super yacht , even if a 75 year old pensioner in greece has to die of starvation for it to be achieved . 
  what 's funny is how much hate varoufakis got from / r/europe when he was right * all along * and dared to speak to the truth in a room full of liars . 
  can somebody explain to me how greece 's peaceful instance on using fyrom adds more instability to that country and region ? 
  most of the conflict in that nation seems to stem from the slav/albanian dynamic and the rouge mps who continue to show r.o.m maps that have annexed parts of greece . 
  moving goal posts . 
  the ez can pretend that what 's happening in greece is the fault of the government for not reforming enough , when in actuality it 's fiscal waterboarding ... stupid surplus targets , excessive taxation and no measures for growth or stimulus . 
  germany ( the public sector ) is paying for german ( the private sector ) fuck ups right now . 
  your ` generous bailout ' money is coming back to pay off deutsche bank 's greedy stupidity . 
  what kind of an asshole takes on government debt in excess of a large european gdp on a capital base as thin as a wafer ? 
  and who rewards their fuck up ? 
  your government . 
  putting greece through a 6 year long depression all because it will upset voters at home to actually fix the mess and name the problem is evil . 
  i do n't blame the citizens , you are victims of your government too . 
  they not only let banks act recklessly but they bailed them out afterwards , with not a single banker adequately punished for putting the world economy in turmoil . 
  it will all be worth it when deutsche bank clean up their balance sheet ... / s, 
  trigger warning : well reasoned post pertaining to europe that you should down vote before reading because it calls into question problems of your troubled union . 
  i could ' t disagree with you more on this point . 
  you 're ignoring the consequences of the great depression that has hit greece and seem to think that heavy handed measures is all that is required for a culture of tax compliance . 
  greeks elected syriza to fight austerity and then after months of battles , they capitulated completely to the troika 's demands . 
  a metaphorical middle-finger to greeks who told them what they would accept and what they would not accept via a referendum . 
  the leftist government then proceeded to increase taxes , even on necessities , that further squeezed people who have lost so much already . 
  furthermore , in contrast to what most economists were saying , the troika pushed greece to increase the company tax rate to further shrink the pool from which taxes come . 
  because 8 years of straight recession is n't enough . 
  so if you 're the average greek citizen , you 're looking at a creditors coup in your own nation . 
  your government does n't represent you and you ca n't vote for one that will . 
  accordingly , you hate the state and do n't see any reason to support them . 
  they 've shown in the past to serve their own interests and in recent history the interest of foreigners ahead of citizens . 
  i 'd be dodging tax left , right and centre if i was unable to elect a government that was n't corrupt and that would not put my country first . 
  this is why i 'm surprised that greece can still collect taxes at all . 
  you misread and as a result came to a wrong conclusion . 
  now , draghi is the new kid on the block ( and he has done a good job with the terrible institution he has found himself leading ) . 
  only after your silly institutions caused a global mess did you do something about it . 
  that 's right , a currency board with an inflation target is ` independent ' . 
  that does n't sound like something that is there to benefit germany and net exporters . 
  there 's also the little inconvenient fact that the rba , during the gfc , acted in our best interest . 
  a nation 's central bank ( in a developed nation ) has never cut liquidity off from the banks like with the ela without a democratic procedure proceeding it . 
  the fact that the ecb did this to greece without a vote shows how shameful , shady & undemocratic your institutions are . 
  in true european fashion , you seem to think moving numbers around on a spreadsheet mirrors the real world . 
  look at the form institutions take in practice , not the ` theory ' . 
  how something actually works is more important than what the buzzwords say about it .
