   you realize that debt relief + new loans is effectively gifted money ? 
  you do realise that private banks \u2260 the ez ? 
  and again ... 
  i never said nor implied the ez should give greece unconditional money ... 
  i 'm not straw-manning your argument to `` well , why do you want to liquidate the parthenon ? '', 
  so try and stick to the facts . 
  it 's tiresome responding to shit i never said . 
   because thats what debt relief means : we cut their old debts , then give them new loans because they still need them . 
  then cut the debt of those new loans , rinse and repeat . 
  the only reason you are talking is we is because your idiot government publicised private losses . 
  read my post again , germany - the nation - is not even compelled to interact directly with greece in any of my posts . 
  you do n't need to defend a straw-man , it disproves itself . 
   so the ez should basically gift greece money , as much as they ask for ? 
  if you actually think i said or implied that , you 're not smart enough to engage with . 
  that 's a false dichotomy if ever i heard one . 
  there exist choices between mass-forgiveness and mass-austerity . 
  such as keeping the private banks solvent in the short-term , then writing off the remainder of the debt once contagion is controlled . 
  socgen , db , ing etc should have been forced to wear losses on the government bonds they over-leveraged on . 
  the ez had plenty of choices . 
  it 's broken rules in the past , so `` the rules are the rules '' is a silly argument to make . 
  enter the reddit ez fanboy : `` no , greece just did n't austerity hard enough . 
  the glorious ez would n't use bad economics on a member state . '', 
  the best you can hope for is countries like italy , spain and/or ireland to get sick of a union that only benefits a few and join in some kind of collective bargaining with greece against brussels . 
  this is economic warfare . 
  citizens , including those earning below median income , are being held ransom by a horrible finance system and its enablers in power . 
  how 's that humble pie the hardcore ez apologist are eating ? 
  turns out varoufakis was right about debt-relief all along . 
  after brussels has sacked greece 's economy , running it on paper thin margins , all to ensure the bail-out money comes back in full to pay out a vicarious bank-bailout . 
  if i was a brit , i 'd be pro-brexit . 
  the ez is nothing but a horrible joke at this point . 
  are there any parties that are semi-palatable to most greeks in social/economic ideology that also want to return to the drachma ? 
  several ez banks in the wealthier nations thought government bonds in the south were backed by the ecb ( if it really came down to it ) , so they over-leveraged since the yields were much lower than prior to being in the ez . 
  to punish the banks , merkel ( without informing germans on the issue nor getting a vote ) took her people 's tax money and threw it at the banks . 
  now greece has to run a punitively highly primary surplus , punishing the hardest hit in greece , because large banks must n't be inconvenienced and inflation must n't hurt german exports . 
  how do you manage to deal with all the ignorant comments , one after another , blaming greece for not * austerity'ing hard enough * ? 
  the mainstream media of major western nations just can not demonise greece enough it seems . 
   greece owing obscene amounts of money is brussels fault if you do n't think it is , you 'd be an idiot . 
  especially since they lent money to a bankrupt nation twice . 
  socgen , ing , deutsche bank etc over-leveraged on `` piigs '' t-bills since their yields were now smaller post ez , on the assumpion they were backed by the ecb and thus a totally safe investment . 
  they were wrong . 
  germany et al bailed out their banks ( without a vote from the people ) and in order to recover that bail out , they extended stupidly excessive loans to `` greece '' . 
  greece is in inverted commas because the banks in germany are the ones being bailed out * via * greece . 
   and that greece bears no responsibility for the crisis . 
  straw man . 
  do n't be a moron and stick to the facts before you . 
   how do ` banks show loyalty to brussels ' ? 
  varoufakis wanted to use some tricks to keep greek banks solvent ( that bent ez rules ) , the greek banks blocked him at every turn because they wanted to ensure staying in the euro because greek banks do n't want to be paid in drachmas . 
  i know this is reddit and you think a 5 minute segment with john oliver is enough to be educated on a topic , but maybe do some research that is n't a short video next time . 
  even if greece had the world 's best political party , brussels still has your banks ( and thus democracy ) held by the throat . 
  during syriza 's rise to power , your own banks showed more loyalty and support to brussels than to syriza . 
  under the euro , capital is more productive elsewhere in the ez . 
  so greece will never see much fdi whilst it stays in this awful establishment . 
  also , the local economy wo n't develop given how open markets are . 
  greece needs some protectionism to get back on its feet . 
  greece 's future prosperity involves exiting this crisis and then eventually the ez ( unless it federalizes ) . 
   if the greeks had n't managed to gain their independence two decades after the sale had been made , this would n't even be an issue . 
  well at least you can admit it 's contentious . 
  it 's precisely an issue because infrastructure is clearly different to small works of art . 
  claiming back parts of istanbul affects people living there now . 
  returning stolen marbles has no cost to people in britain . 
  it 's clearly not the same as irredentism , despite best efforts for elgin apologists to suggest it 's the same . 
  it 's good to see the colonial attitude is still alive and well `` we had dealings with a legitimate government '' ... right ... 
   so again , are you a native australian ? 
  i could be captain arthur phillip himself and it would in no way change the merit of my argument one way or another . 
  try harder , my good chap . 
  when someone matches with him on tinder and he gets laid . 
   they were the legal owners . 
  they were not . 
  you can tell by the fact they were made prior to ottoman 's being a thing , with no evidence of transfer from athens to ottoman . 
  stealing ! = owning . 
  if the australian government were to enter the apy lands , confiscate art and then sell it to an indonesian business person ... well , then you 'd have exactly what happened with lord elgin and the parthenon marbles , 
   his post is exhibit one of why funding the arts at an undergraduate level is a bad idea . 
  * laughs in neck beard *, 
  logic harder boy , again . 
  you 're quite fond of straw men , are n't you ? 
  the parthenon marbles ( greek ) were ` purchased ' from the ottomans ( non-owners ) by lord elgin ( brit ) . 
  whether turkey was occupied by native inhabitants , foreign rulers or sentient custard is irrelevant to the original argument . 
  ca n't wait to see what new misrepresentation of my post you have waiting for me , 
  not quite . 
  anyone who received assets from usurped territories under ottoman control . 
  logic harder boy . 
  the fact he thought his deal with a usurping power was legitimate made him the colonialist , i 'm not suggest that he was storing tea and crumpets in the acropolis to cement britain 's rule over greece . 
  true ( ish ) but why has n't greece had a depression like this before if greece is at fault , being a debt addict and all ? 
  it 's because deutsche bank , socgen , ing are the real debt addicts ( over leveraging on southern t-bills ) and this time , greece does n't have the means to print its own currency to get out of it . 
  now , in 2016 , we ca n't blame greece for still being in this mess . 
  that 's all on the ez and its silly rules . 
  of course tax collections are falling . . you 're over squeezing people in a depression and have done so for many years . 
  what do you expect ? 
  should greece send out the police , crack some skulls , so the governments that bailed out their banks can get some poor pensioner to keep ings govt . 
  bailout in the black ? 
  all the best to greece . 
  their removal was an act of horrid vandalism by a selfish-colonialist , not an art admirer . 
  those apologising for lord elgin and the british museum show no respect for a nation usurped from rightful authority . 
  those fighting against the marbles return to athens show allegiance to bureaucracy and neo-colonialism over ethics . 
  only 8 years ago . 
  thankfully , europe treated this problem competently and it 's no longer an issue ... maybe greece can austerity a little harder , have some more fire-sale privatisations and reduce national income further ... that ought to help settle the debt ... 
  because politicians who stupidly bailed out their banks via greece will lose face at home if this is acknowledged . 
  because we 'll have to have an awkward conversation about how stupid a single currency is for a eurozone with different types of economies and how converging everyone to a ` german ' style economy was an idiotic dream . 
  because pointing the finger at greece for not austerity'ing hard enough is simpler than admitting that german , dutch & french banks are super massive dicks who over leveraged themselves on ` impaired periphery assets ' i.e. 
  government bonds from the south of europe and thus orchistrated this entire fiasco .
