  so if this comment is really meaning that greece needs to capitulate to creditors demands ; can we just work on a peaceful and humane solution to leaving the ez already ? 
  damn , i 'll just have to live knowing i 'm one internet point shy of my potential . 
  lord elgin was an art admirer , who defaced a great work of art and made payment to a usurping power ... 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  but , but ... syriza are n't doing anything and the evil greeks are cutting off the nice hands of the troika who are there for purposes of altruism only ... / s, 
  greece has had no shortage of ` people of the people ' since wwii . 
  i do n't see any evidence of being able to `` communicate on their level '' with being able to provide effective governance . 
  if anything , tsipras has been one of the better greek pms for a long time . 
  in his short time , syriza actually pushed through more reforms than the long standing nd/pasok governments of kostas karamalis & giorgos papandreou . 
  most people have an issue with varoufakis because he calls it how it is , then the resulting mass media outlets * tell people * how to think about him , which they of course comply with . 
  take john oliver , people in your nation ate up his segment on syriza even though it was awful journalism devoid of any real facts . 
   there 's just something that bothers me about the way he says it . 
  and this is why charismatic charlatans can still succeed in society , because most people put delivery over content , for the most part . 
  i 'd rather have 1000 elon musks , with bad public speaking skills than 1000 al sharptons . 
   look at what heavy academics does to social skills . 
  yes , but look at what it does to critical thinking skills . 
  seems to me the cost of not being academic is far higher than the opposite . 
  because the eu has been * amazing * for net importer countries . 
  sorry serbia , no multiple years of recessions for you . 
  if companies tried this , it would rightfully be called anti-competitive behaviour . 
  the us should urge nothing toward greece and instead come up with a better offer to forego the russian project and get behind the us backed project . 
  syriza did most of what they said they would do . 
  i 'd have less respect for them if they capitulated to ez demands and just did what the previous government were going to do anyway . 
  what a farce that would make of democracy and * sovereignty * , the little of it that exists in smaller nations ... 
  is your local council , who administers the ticket collections , verging on insolvency ? 
  do they take in loans from other councils in your country in order to be able to continue operations ? 
  then your metaphor does n't fit . 
  this is about being pragmatic . 
  yes , tax avoidance is bad but so is insolvency . 
  therefore , if people sign up to repay debts on a repayment plan ( and stick to it ) , they can avoid criminal charges . 
  what good would it do to just throw them in jail and liquidate their businesses ? 
  this is already a country with an evaporating middle class and severe industry problems . 
  looking up sme owners who , like everyone else , did n't pay taxes achieves nothing ... 
  it 's cutting off the nose to spite the face . 
  this is an interesting article , but no real merits that syriza are guilty of only looking out for the rich . 
   the legislation overhauling the government 's approach to tax debtors will mean that even the superrich owing the state more than $ 1 million will go unpunished . 
  the official greek explanation is that the measure will help fill the government 's coffers -- but is it fair ? 
  yes . 
  it is fair . 
  people who sign up for the repayment plan should not be prosecuted , they were only obeying the tax compliance culture at the time . 
  people who do not sign up for the repayment plan by the deadline deserve * heavy penalties * including jail time . 
  greece needs cash flow and a new culture of compliance , not token measures of locking up people who did n't pay taxes . 
  otherwise 90 % of sme owners will be in jail . 
  beside , syriza know that the debt is not 100 % recoverable anyway . 
  a payment plan and people not in jail brings in cash flow which lets syriza have the money to actually enact policies they campaigned for . 
  syriza need to design the system and oversight of said system because you know . . sovereignty ; the german 's are offering advice/guidance and can talk about what has worked/not worked where they tried to implement similar policies . 
  there 's nothing wrong with consultation , learning from others is the best way to advance forward . 
  any effective tax system greece implements would not be truly effective until * at least * two financial years time . 
  for one , you need to implement the policies ( after working out what they should be ) and put in place the people and infrastructure to support it and secondly , you need time for the accounting community to adapt to the new rules and put procedures in place to meet new compliance requirements . 
  couple this with a nation that has a poor tax compliance culture , and you 're looking at a herculean task . 
  i understand the position that the troika and germany are in politically , but this insistence on austerity is not helping greece in the slightest . 
  no amount of belt tightening and structural reforms ( with debt equaling almost 2x gdp ) will remove greece from financial hell in the next 5 years and make it a viable economy in the long run . 
  greece should be allowed a soft default option on the condition that germany send their best tax accountants to oversee the implementation of a new tax system as well as ratifying laws that make doing business easier in greece as well as overhauling the pension system . 
  all whilst working toward the united states of europe , that would not see net importers become debt colonies in the future . 
  alternatively , the ez can just watch as greece default anyway and then work out how to save face regarding the failed europe project . 
  the troika should ease up on the demands for fire-sale privitisations . 
  these state assets could be sold for much more in 5 years time when greece recovers from this crisis . 
  it 's a bit of a disappointment that the troika are not prepared to negotiate on privitisations , especially when the best sell-off to date was only one-fifth ( or so ) of estimated value . 
  furthermore , there appears to be an axiomatic disagreement on the core aims of austerity & aid . 
  the troika seem to think greece needs to * tighten its belt * and all will be well if they only do everything they say . 
  syriza seems to think that the ez needs to reform at least as much as greece , if not more so , to solve this crisis ( and any other future ones ) in the long term . 
  if i did n't know better , i 'd suggest syriza are aiming for a soft default ( i.e. 
  defaulting without leaving the ez ) . 
  i do n't see syriza signing up for any more austerity for aid , all the domestic actions and posturing seem to indicate that as far as i can tell . 
  the loans that germany received went entirely into infrastructure to become a production based economy . 
  greece 's `` loans '' flow back to western european banks . 
  so there 's one difference . 
  let 's put the legal framework aside for a second . 
  since the question has two parts : ( 1 ) ethically , is germany obligated to make amends for any past wrongs ? 
  and ( 2 ) what legal mechanisms exist to enforce damages and repaying debts under duress of this nature ? 
  i 'm going to assume we 're all okay with the notion that a previous government of a sovereign state can undertake actions that bind the present government to some standard of responsibility . 
  nobody denies that syriza are obligated to pay pasok 's debts for example . 
  likewise , merkel 's government would therefore have to pay any real debts owed by the nazi party of the time . 
  so , here 's the questions : ( 1 ) is the amount of the loan that greece is asking for calculated accurately and reflecting a bone fide loan made under duress ? 
  in my humble opinion , the answer here is yes . 
  germany absolutely owes this money to greece for the loan component , based at least on my cursory readings of the matter . 
  ( 2 ) is the estimate of damages accurate and is the accusation true that greece was put under pressure to stop pursuing further damages at the time ? 
  this question is very murky and i do n't fancy offering an opinion here . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think there exists an impartial body to evaluated this question fairly - but there are courts of some order that would consider this question and practically speaking , now leaving my theoretical framework , greece faces an uphill battle to challenge this . 
  somehow a part of eurovision . 
  kammenos should threaten to go himself . 
  most of europe would do anything to avoid having this idiot in their country . 
  it 's your patriotic duty to leave greece panos ... 
  shhhh ... you must n't upset germany/netherlands etc. 
  balance of trade . 
  cracking down on monopolies and abuse of market position is a good thing always , but let 's not pretend the eu is a noble force ... 
  when doing the right thing against monopolists affects european financial interests , europe is just as toothless as the us , aus , can etc. . . http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2016/apr/20/eu-dropped-climate-policies-after-bp-threat-oil-industry-exodus, 
  it seems the only argument against brexit is `` european solidarity '' . 
  the uks exports to eu countries will remain unchanged if they leave . 
  simply because the main players on the continent will want access to british markets in return . 
  leaving , however , will disentangle britain from a union that can not solve a simple banking crisis - 8 years later . 
  because in this union , rules  best practices . 
  cue germany blaming greek pensioners and public sector wages . 
  if only they gutted their public sector harder , that would have adverted the need for another bailout ... 
   we should focus on educating our populace so that they can do something useful a lot of economists ( like jeffrey sachs ) are n't sold on education as a solution . 
  many argue that education does n't cause an upward move but rather causes a downward move i.e. 
  jobs that previously required no degree or higher education now require it . 
  greece and portugal need to stimulate domestic demand in the short-term , even if it 's through the government sector ( to germany 's ire ) . 
  this delusion that all eurozone economies are going to have greater net exports if they just be more german is so foolish . 
  maybe if germany bullies greece a little more , it will succeed in pushing greece out and continuing on with the delusion that this is n't a structural issue in the eurozone but rather ' * those lazy greeks , complaining about the bill after they partied too hard * ' .
