   germany had been bombed to oblivion and invaded from all sides . 
  greece probably has as much industrial infrastructure as bombed germany . 
   they didnt live beyond thier means for years yet you still gave them credit , bought their bonds and enjoyed soaring exports as a government spending boom led to more demand for your products . 
  and yes , as a nation you did live beyond your means . 
  that 's how you got all that military hardware so quickly . 
   thier industry and infastructure was wiped out . 
  whereas greek exports are thriving and their industries have never seen so much growth in the last six years . 
  you personally know * the * euclid ? 
  thank him for his algorithm for me . 
  correct , germany can borrow at rates far cheaper than what it is giving to greece ( most of which is coming back to germany to pay the government back for buying bad loans off the private sector banks ) . 
  the view of entitled , lazy and corrupt greeks not wanting to change their awful ways and spitting in the face off the altruistic western europeans can only be held by an idiot . 
  anything that does n't fit the narrative you want to hear should be downvoted , even if it is by someone far more qualified to talk on the subject than any of you . 
  unfortunately many ez apologists will check out mentally and not address the issue of the troika 's failure to make `` a sensible rescue plan '' and delve straight into `` there 's nothing stopping the us from buying the debt off germany '', 
   that creditor countries get to have a democratic opinion as well . 
  this is true . 
  did you vote on a referendum to decide whether your government should buy private debt off banks that knowingly over lent to an already over leveraged country ? 
  your government is the only entity you should be angry at . 
  the greeks did n't make you bail out your banking system . 
  your government did . 
  europe has proven over the last six years that it does n't have the political agility to handle this crisis . 
  the austerity the creditors brought was not prudent economics , but the best they could do given domestic political constraints . 
  greece can not sign on for any plan that * does not include * significant debt write off and an ability to run a smaller surplus or even small deficit ( to free up funds to stimulate the economy ) . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  any plan that does n't help greece achieve economic growth is not viable and should be rejected . 
  you can not expect a country bleeding out its middle class to slash spending left , right and center and recover . 
  how long before `` but greece , if you leave the ez ... have to do austerity anyway ? 
  why you not sign up for more ? '', 
  from 2009 to 2015 , 25 % of the greek economy disappeared . 
  let 's see how greece goes over 2015 to 2021 , if the economy starts to grow again , that will demonstrate the abject failure of austerity . 
  after all , greece is doomed without making every single reform the creditors are trying to dictate , right ? 
  six years of austerity on a poorly designed `` rescue package '' burned those bridges long before this vote for reason did . 
  greece did n't recover anywhere near troika/imf predictions and asset realisations were way off estimates . 
  causing what has rightfully been called a humanitarian crisis , all to bailout large banks . 
  then some people act like without the constant noose around its neck , greece would never reform ... 
  so the noose can not be loosened even a little . 
  quiet frankly , by 2012 there were no bridges left between the political elements of greece and creditor nations . 
  so congratulations greece for rejecting failed economics and taking the hard path to economic and social recovery . 
  the yes vote only tightens the noose around your neck and comes with smug comments like ` if only you 'd reform a little faster , this would be over soon ' . 
  merkel decided to take german tax dollars and buy bad loans off crooked banks , so ignore all the angry ` tax payer ' posts on reddit that think you owe them something . 
  after your banking crisis ends ( and it will ) , chart the course to recovery and make the most of your new opportunities . 
  amen . 
  and greeks did n't make merkel take tax dollars off germans to buy bad loans from banks , she did that all by herself . 
  thank her german op . 
  this is just as ignorant as the comment that the creditors created the crisis in greece to warn the others . 
  we do n't know the mind of the troika nor do we know the mind of tsipras . 
  without a significant debt write off , what choice do greeks have but to vote no and risk leaving the eurozone ? 
  the `` offer '' from the troika is actually an ultimatum , `` say yes or see what happens to you '' . 
  if i was a teen in greece , i would n't want the vast majority of my efforts to pay off a vicarious bank bailout in western europe . 
  and before someone tells me `` but there has already been debt write off and ` generous ' interest ... '' does n't change the fact that 180 % of gdp is * simply not payable * by a country with weak industry , years of recession , declining and ageing population and a small average eurozone growth rate . 
  does n't change the fact that spending cuts during a recession extends the recession , not ends it . 
  a lot of accusations have said that the troika have offered write offs for reforms ( which does n't seem to be true ) but if it were , why not make this public then ? 
  let people decide if they want a government who will work for write-offs for reforms during this referendum rather than one who is continuing to challenge the austerity leveled against them . 
  residential sector metaphors do n't belong in business / governmental contexts , basic economics really ... 
  the troika wanted greece to sign on for another long term period of austerity and said after that , they may restructure the debt and offer some relief in primary surplus targets . 
  syriza said they would consider that only if a short term deal was made , that was flat out rejected . 
  the troika/imf had a chance to push through a bailout for reforms package , but they blew it by insisting on more long term austerity with no chance of early debt write off . 
  everyone including tsipras and varoufakis knew this in 2009 . 
  yet people called them arrogant for campaigning for the only suitable solution to the crisis . 
  they were right , they knew they were right and they did n't back down from their right position this whole time . 
  it 's the imf/troika who have been wrong this entire time with their austerity package . 
   however this would require greece to produce more products that are actually wanted abroad . 
  which requires spending money on growth and making capital more competitive in the country , not austerity and debt payments . 
  ergo defaulting and returning to the drachma is the best chance greece has at increasing export revenues and ending the depression . 
  and how is greece , a country whose revenue is tied up servicing debt to corrupt banks , going to invest any money to get their exports up ( whilst having a ridiculously overvalued currency for their domestic economy ) ? 
  not all countries can be net exporters by the way . 
  by definition if some country makes more than it needs , some other country must make less than it needs ( or have goods left rotting at its docks ) . 
  given equal currency , capital is so much more efficient in germany , so greece is never going to grow under the euro and under 180 % to gdp debt . 
  a no vote gives greece sovereignty back to spend its internal revenue on growth and to float its own currency to make it attractive to tourists again . 
  greece should absolutely vote no . 
  this whole crisis has really highlighted the ugly side of this so called european project . 
  the troika/imf are clueless at best and sadistic and worst . 
  they want to run greece on a thimble of petrol so their vicarious bank bailout goes as cost effectively as possible . 
  because banks that helped cheat , lie and deceive should be bailed out overnight with tax payers money , but god forbid you try proven economics to recover from a recession in greece ... greece needs to default , make creditors take a haircut and then spend its internal revenue on growth ; not merkel et al 's vicarious bank bailout with ` generous ' interest . 
  voting no will leave some short term pain , but greece will be better off in the long run . 
  creditors need to take a hair cut and greece needs to spend its internal revenue on growth , not the vicarious bailout of merkel et al who decided to publicise private debt . 
  it makes sense . 
  a party that was elected on the basis of restructuring debt and staying in the eurozone should n't be running a country whose citizens overwhelming choose the troika/imfs bailout over defaulting and potentially leaving the ez . 
  though it will be sad if greece signs on for the existing failed package of more austerity . 
  we 're using * your * logic remember , picking it apart is picking apart your initial argument . 
  the imf/troika said they had a plan to save greece and its economy would grow by 2011 . 
  it did n't , so by the logic of your own argument , the troika/imf do not know what they 're doing . 
  to make a large statement and not being able to see it through , is to not know what one is doing ; by your reasoning . 
  wow , / r/europe , you are pathetic . 
  noam chomsky is quite an accomplished individual , who is articulating a legitimate , well thought out view point , and because he has a few criticisms levelled against your little european union and how it approached the greece crisis ; you 've downvoted this post into negative points for having `` the wrong opinion '' ? 
  how sad . 
  you can apply this logic to the troika/imf : * if they knew what they were doing , they would n't have said they could save greece . 
  * or any politician whose election promises were unobtainable ( like all of them ) . 
  / r/europe does n't like it when someone from the us calls them out it seems . 
  the comments in here are really intelligent and add a lot of interesting points to the discussion ... 
  if you read the article , his political views align with the hardcore socialist elements of syriza . 
  so no , he 's not peddling a neo-ottoman empire . 
  he 's showing that solidarity for the working class , sans racism , that 's typical with socialist movements . 
   reducing your debt/gdp ratio by 50 % within 15 years does n't sound that bad to me . 
  it is n't a 50 % reduction for a start . 
  current levels are 180 % of gdp , so a 50 % reduction would yield a 90 % of gdp debt . 
  this is only a ~ 30 % drop . 
  furthermore , without stimulus it 's likely that greece 's unemployment figures will not change much from now even with the imfs delusional forecasts assuming greece accepts . 
  if this is true , see you all in 12 months after real gdp drops some more , a higher percentage of tax is collected but a smaller amount in euro terms and unemployment does n't budge one bit . 
  yes , after receiving * slightly * watered down versions of the deals that nd signed , despite syriza wanting to work toward something that made economic sense , eventually syriza got sick of seeing the same document time and time again that gave no ground in any substantial way and ended ` negotiations ' ... how absurd !, 
  i love all the quips of `` most people wo n't understand the implications of the question '' , as if somehow its ` obvious ' that people should n't have a say in the future of their country ... far better to let institutions who are shamelessly more interested in western european banks tell greeks the correct action to take .
