  german banks knowingly helped pasok cheat and deceive , where 's your angry mob outside their doorstep ? 
  they also got bailed out overnight with tax payer money , for bad investments they knowingly made . 
  no outrage for them ? 
  the troika are not interested in helping greece really . 
  the troika are interested in getting paid back as cost effectively as possible , thus the emphasis on failed reaganomics . 
  six years of constant recession was partly because greece over-borrowed , but it was mostly due to faulty policies to free up funds so the german bailout of banks at home could be recovered . 
  which is n't as duplicitous as i 've made it sound , merkel et al are accountable to their electorate too . 
  still , this bailout was about stabilising germany , france and ` the big guys ' and nothing more . 
  you only need to look at the inflexibility with greece and the contradictory message of the imf when they 're not talking about greece to see that . 
  now that the banks that helped pasok cheat , lie and deceive are n't going to go down with greece , nobody cares . 
  do n't get me wrong , greece * definitely * needs to clean house in regard to taxation , cronyism , corruption , accountability and bureaucracy ( still , although the progress has been commendable given the upset in the populace from the greek depression ) . 
  but troika measures did n't focus on any of that , they focused on slashing pensions , increasing vat on essentials , fire-sale privatisations and later on in the game basically making greece dance to show `` who is boss , and let that be a lesson to the rest of you lefties '' . 
  unfortunately , the humanitarian crisis in greece and german domestic policies has seen the european project fall apart in 2015 . 
  ` european values ' should never be used again , unless you plan to tinge it with irony . 
  this is regardless of greece leaving or staying . 
  the troika should have revised its approach with greece long ago . 
  there 's plenty more . 
  socialism is when the majority of the means of production is owned by the society , not private concerns . 
  there is not one single socialist country in the eu ( sweden et al are not socialist ) . 
  how do you explain all of varoufakis ' books and speeches then , prior to being in syriza , that argued for a hair cut and restructuring ? 
  one final solution , so no more loans had to be paid to greece ? 
  was it a seven year con ? 
  did tsipras know then he was going to get varoufakis to be the finmin ? 
  this is a tin foil hat post , nothing more . 
  i ca n't speak for greece , but in australia online polls on political questions tend to disproportionally represent < 40 year old liberal-leaning men . 
  in what way is a referendum not taking responsibility ? 
  the government were elected on the platform * to end austerity and stay in the ez * . 
  there are now two choices that violate at least one of those mandates . 
  holding a referendum is taking responsibility . 
  it 's acknowledging that there 's choices outside the scope of their mandate and that the people should choose their own fate , not a team of 15 or so people . 
  i wish more leaders did this . 
  in a representational democracy , you 're tied to your promises ( or at least should be ) . 
  when you 're given two big choices that both violate your elected mandate , you should turn the decision over to people instead of act how ` you ' personally think is right . 
  so hardly panicking , just democracy done right . 
  honestly , with everything that has gone on , my solidarity is with the greek people . 
  going through a crisis not of their making , being portrayed in various media as worthless charity cases even though the bailouts were vicariously for western european banks , whose european partners are n't interested in even abating the hardships for the most hard done by * even a little bit * . 
  stay strong people of greece , hopefully there 's a light at the end of the tunnel soon . 
  it seems that the troika have been in ultimatum mode from the beginning , which is fair enough , they 're under no legal basis to compromise , but why go on with the charade of negotiations when its clear that they want nothing but the existing programme whereas syriza have made it clear they will not accept any flavour of that programme ? 
  wo n't be able to watch this live , hopefully someone uploads it somewhere . 
  be interesting to watch . 
  i can get on bbc iplayer , can you access things after they 've aired ? 
  you 're not understanding the question at all . 
  a determination says if events ( x , y , z ) are present , how would you rule ? 
  this is not a new idea , i just listed you an example of where it is actually being used in practice * today * . 
  the question i put forward is , does europe have such a mechanism ? 
  a ` crystal ball ' is a daft remark . 
  the question is hypotethical and a ruling is made on that basis . 
  you 've never heard of getting a determination from a court before an event ? 
  for example , if i find some clever tax loophole , i can get a determination here in aus from the tax office to clear me to use it ( instead of having to defend myself in court later ) . 
  the eu does n't have a similar mechanism ? 
  is n't there some court greece can go to and say `` i want a ruling on what happens in the event of a default regarding our status in the eu and eurozone '' so tsipras et al can make an informed choice going forward ? 
  i do n't know why the troika are so obsessed with specific numbers on vat and pensions . 
  greece 's allegedly ` vague ' goals should have been enough in the past . 
  is it not far more important to talk about things like cutting red-tape , streamlining public services ( like registering a business , undertaking compliance , paying taxes ) and increasing transparency/accountability to encourage investment and enterprise in greece ? 
  that 's what is going to help the economy recover , not 0.5 % here and there on tax rates . 
  then again , my post may sound like i 'm accusing the troika of trying to help . 
  there is n't a country in the world where if real wages decrease , the rate of defaulting on personal loans increases . 
  i hope one day you gain the maturity to not slag horrible innuendo at an entire group of people , especially those who are going through such hardship at the present moment in time . 
  i personally view the greater european project as a failure already . 
  it 's certainly not a success . 
  ( the monetary union will no doubt persist as will free trade , but the good ideals are already dead ) . 
  there 's a lot of talk inside europe focusing on the ` bad greeks ' narrative , but there 's no real reflective dialogue about the role that the banking sector had in this . 
  also , a lot of countries still look at their gdp thinking it 's all theirs ( unlike the usa ) , net exporters like germany benefit tremendously from free trade across europe and a weaker euro thanks to net importer nations . 
  however , not much is being said about how these ` takers ' should be recycling their surpluses to prevent crises like this happening again . 
  so many important conversations not happening within the eurozone , so much blame on greece , so much borderline racist rhetoric back and forth . 
  so how can anyone not see the greater europe project as a failure ? 
  so first the western european banks create instruments made to fail , sell them to the greeks , and surprise when another of their crony banks triggers the gfc , the instruments blow up in their faces before they have time to insulate themselves from them . 
  then they start demanding everything back on their careless investments by squeezing the working class who had nothing to do with the loans in the first place ... see , i can do this too . 
  and yes , it is a generalisation that ignores a lot of fine detail . 
  not unlike your marvellous post . 
  if there were no nazis in the 80s , explain kung fury . 
  if it was only theatre , syriza should default and exit the ez . 
  not only has the monetary union failed , but so has the greater european project . 
  * except in greece . 
  i worded my post poorly , but you 're right . 
  your governments * already * bailed out the banks in 2010 , using the peoples money . 
  from the article , emphasis mine :  ** most of the debt has changed hands since a bailout in 2010 ** , a second in 2012 and a restructuring involving private creditors that same year . 
  private owners now hold only 17 percent . 
  the secondary market has become very thin -- bear that in mind when looking at 10-year bond yields . 
  the present version of help is protecting corrupt big banks from the investments those very banks made many years ago , then having the lower end of media call it charity and chastise greece for not being grateful for six years of recession . 
  and before anyone says it , yes - greece 's economy did adjust to its true level , but it does n't take six years for that adjustment to happen . 
  six years of recession is what you call mismanaging the situation . 
  big claim . 
  if greece default , we 'll know if you 're right based on greece 's 2021 economy . 
  let 's see how 6 years of going solo fairs against 6 years of institution mandated austerity . 
  it seems to me the politicians of the ` economic engines ' in the eu want to save their corrupt banks as cheaply as possible . 
  and that 's about all they want and always did want since 2009 . 
  there 's no real drive to help greek people through this crisis , since all the forecast for growth and estimated asset realisations never came to pass in any substantial way . 
  all this is about is protecting the banks from big losses ( for deceptive deals they knowingly made ) and nothing more . 
  sorry to be so forthright , but it seems like greece has made some very reasonable requests for respite but the mantra from the institutions has been 50 flavours of austerity , take it or leave it . 
  it seems like greece has acted in good faith this whole time , trying to compromise , whereas the institutions simply cared more about shielding hyper-capitalists from the risks of their own investments . 
   this seems like it wo n't work out too well for greece in the long run . 
  would you care to elaborate on this ? 
  an impasse was inevitable really . 
  greek voters saw no respite and turned to the party promising to cancel austerity ( the cause of the mass unemployment and lack of optimism for the future ) . 
  german voters saw any disagreement over terms from greece as too high a risk when their nations money went to the bailout . 
  by definition , there 's no win/win . 
  just lose/win , win/lose or the road we 're heading to now . 
  lose/lose . 
  well , greece are n't signing up for more austerity and obviously are n't interested in slashing pensions further .
