  did they vote on turning off greece 's ela in 2015 ? 
  you have one in name only , not in function . 
  or a euro parliament elected by citizens of member states . 
  you know , democracy . 
  rather than ratifying schaeuble 's decrees and having yet another unelected body make binding rules that circumvent local democracies . 
  if ` italy and france ' do n't like something , they should have a platform to express those views . 
  they should n't have to ` tow the line ' on schaeuble 's dreams for europe . 
  the troika 's creditor coup in greece really worsened the relationship between greek 's and the state . 
  it 's amazing the state is able to collect any taxes at all . 
   it is rather hard to by sympathetic considering that , with the decision to leave , they gave a big hit to the world economy much like germany 's failure to punish deutsche bank for over-leveraging on piigs assets ? 
  or running large surpluses that stunts aggregate demand ? 
  the biggest problem i see in europe is you 're all so quick to fault your neighbours , you can not see the institutional problems and the domestic problems . 
  from the headline :  limiting the powers of individual members following britain 's referendum decision to leave the eu looking at how the ez treated greece , i can see why people are against it . 
  here 's the ezs values : * creditors  people and democracy * using scape goats  owning up to vicarious bank bailouts * sacking an entire country is okay if it saves the face of the politicians of larger countries . 
  where can we sign up for this federal paradise ... 
  europe , the place where nobody wants to own vicarious bank bailouts and ` playing hardball ' while people 's livelihoods are on the line is perceived as good . 
  great job eu , you 're a disgraceful organisation . 
  british banks did n't over-leverage on the ` piigs ' government bonds . 
  not like germany , france and the netherlands . 
  i love how this is downvoted because of / r/europe 's confirmation bias to the glorious institutions of the ez . 
  whether you agree with what he says or not , it 's coming from an experienced economist and should be upvoted on that basis . 
  it offers insight on a topic pertaining to europe . 
  shame on your ez fanbois for your knee-jerk reactions that contradict your dogmatic beliefs . 
  it 's okay , there 's pamphlets now . 
  just a bit of reading up to catch up with modern times . 
  `` regaining trust '' will be the carrot dangled in front of greece for the next two decades , whilst it gets continuously spanked with the stick of austerity . 
  what steps is the broader ez community taking to regain trust to ensure socgen , deutsche bank and ing do n't crash the eurozone again ? 
  but i thought he said he was n't bothered by this at all ? 
  yet all of his toys are out of the pram and all over the floor . 
  when it 's given to their wives ( who are in forced marriages ) ? . 
  when it 's given to teens who were brainwashed into this cult , given circumstances of their birth ? 
  when some of it gets distributed for sale to civilians in the the area ? 
  the market is giving them the treatment they deserve . 
  it 's a pity governments were too toothless to force them to pay into an ` environment ' fund as well as damages to owners . 
  at least to any significant degree . 
  the sub-prime crash happened in 2007 . 
  and it 's not responsible for what 's happening in the ez now . 
  america 's house of cards knocked over your ( ezs ) house of cards . 
  if socgen , for example , did n't hold government bonds in the `` piigs '' in excess of france 's gdp , the ecb acted like a central bank and the ez recycled its surpluses , things would look different . 
  my country and the usa did well post-commonwealth ( even though we still have one foot in the door ) because we put huge tax on superior british goods to give our industries a chance . 
  germany 's deal with the rest of the eurozone is verging on being predatory . 
  look at the record savings . 
  that 's because of deficits in the periphery , but they 're not being re-invested back by way of productive assets - are they ? 
   yeah but that mostly means the company fiat is unviable does n't it ? 
  if it trades in a stupid currency ( the euro ) , yes . 
  however consider the implications of this ... * italian companies lays off staff in industries that it can not compete with germany in . 
  because `` comparative/absolute advantage , efficient markets etc etc '' . 
  * national income falls in italy * with less national income , italians buy more german goods * the italian government has less tax revenue * german national income rises * germany hoards these savings . 
  begin at the first dot-point . 
  as i said , the equation is n't being balanced . 
  germany has record savings thanks to this free-market/low-protectionism . 
  and those surpluses are not being re-invested in the countries that are buying your goods and services . 
  for this model to work , germany has to spend a lot more money on productive assets in the weaker states . 
  you can not hoard surpluses , otherwise debt colonies is an inevitable conclusion . 
   i always wonder what the point of this cherry picking is . 
  i think the the best way to judge the eu and the euro is to check the living standard for all people in the eu . 
  in gdp/capita ( ppp ) italians and greeks were better off the year before the ez than last year . 
  open up their markets was a mistake . 
  the cherry picking happens to come from people from net exporters , since your companies are doing so well out of this deal . 
  bigger picture , the ez is a mistake . 
  two things : 1 ) italy joined the ez in 1999 2 ) i meant gdp / capita ( my bad ) figures are ( in usd ppp ) : 1999 : 34,798 2015 : 33,336 src : http://data.worldbank.org/, 
  basic income needs a taxation system that targets large , highly-profitable companies to fund it . 
  google , apple , large retailers , mining companies etc need to be paying a lot more tax in the countries they operate in . 
  increasing income tax and vat to fund this is good and well , but it 's self-defeating if you 're paying a basic income out of increases to the things that people will consume with their basic income . 
   great , you watched some videos on youtube . 
  sigh some days i really do wonder why i even bother . 
  who publishes on youtube * sigh * who has written peer reviewed papers on what i just said * sigh * . 
  he also explains government bonds and yields to you too * sigh *  fiat they have approximately half the european market share they had prior to the ez . 
  turns out when you sell bmws and fiat 's in euros , the fiat is n't so attractive . 
  not to mention that italy 's gdp has actually shrunk in the ez , it would have been better of never joining . 
   protectionism so why could n't greece subsidise its airlines ? 
  our its telcos ? 
  or increase and implement luxury car tax ? 
  i never said there was no protectionism , but you 'd be a fool to argue that the ez did not reduce protectionism . 
  here 's a good talk on the issues the ez is facing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jquhsqxxsjm the net exporters , like germany , are doing well because : ( 1 ) weaker economies , like greece , keep the euro down . 
  this makes german goods very attractive externally ( as they are high quality and the currency is relatively cheap ) . 
  ( 2 ) likewise , the free-trade area allows germany and other net exporters to conquer markets internally as greece with its poor industries can not use protectionism to foster its own industries . 
  just look at how fiat have faired pre/post euro . 
  ( 3 ) the ez allowed greece and others stupid borrowing powers it never should have had . 
  greece went from offering 25 % on its government bonds to single digits overnight . 
  ( 4 ) the crisis in 2008 onward is a crisis of neo-lib capitalism and ez bureaucracy . 
  weaker economies could issue bonds at lower yields ( implying safer investments ) and dutch , german and french banks bought them up like a drunk fish-wife at a shoe-sale ( since they could n't rely on higher yields for their investment , they over leveraged ) . 
  when american capitalism screwed up with the sub-crime crisis , all of a sudden europe was caught with live grenades in their hands as portugal needed greece 's bond money to pay for spain 's which spain needed to pay for france 's ... etc. 
  you get the picture . 
  so basically we 're looking at a union that depresses weaker economies industries by banning protectionism , allows banks to invest carelessly , takes from the public to bail them out and then implements failed measures to fix it ( austerity ) . 
  this is a crisis of capitalism and a reckless finance sector . 
  well put . 
  it 's dumbfounding when i see the reddit tough-guy `` greece has to pay its debts if it 's going to borrow like someone with daddy 's credit card '' . 
  yet no such anger at ing , socgen or deutschebank ? 
  no such anger at the northern governments for letting these banks take on debt in * excess * of their nations gdp in some cases . 
  did someone put a gun to their heads and make them buy up all these government bonds ? 
  no such anger for publicising private bank losses without even holding a referendum . 
  no such anger for the lack of honest disclosure to the people as to what caused the crisis . 
  the government are , yes . 
  that 's why they did n't resort to the sane solution of an external qe when the crisis hit . 
  instead the ecb acted to protect against inflation ( madness ) , to protect the net exporters . 
  bare in mind , the average german tax payer is a victim in all this , not a villain . 
  they were n't just loans , they were government bonds - which dutch , german and french banks ( you financially ` responsible ' lot you ) bought up like a drunk fish-wife at a shoe sale . 
  northern europe exports do so well thanks free-trade in the ez , no-protectionism ( which stops net importers from developing industries ) and a relatively low common-currency ( which makes your goods attractive outside of the fta and makes net-importer goods less attractive internally ) . 
  if you think the few ez economies boomed * purely * off the sweat of their own backs , you 're kidding yourselves .
