  hopefully the brexit goes ahead and we can see this nasty union fall apart , so something better can rise out of it . 
  this could have been a real boon for greece , were it not for the eurozone holding greece 's wrists , forcing it to slap itself in the face , asking * why are you hitting yourself ? 
  in your example , ignoring brexit is the tyranny of stoning homosexuals . 
  ignoring the collective will of citizens because some technocrat `` knows better '' is the very definition of tyranny . 
  / r/europe is in denial for the most part , but i 'll keep on voicing it here , because it 's the truth . 
  the people have spoken and brexit won . 
  people ( especially those in power ) still fighting this are enemies of the state , traitors to democracy and frauds ; if they act like they are the principled ones . 
   if democracy means hurting ourselves because of lies why would anyone want it ? 
  you hurt yourself by ignoring the voice of the people . 
  if the uk parliament overturns brexit , you will show the world how morally bankrupt your political class truly is . 
  dictatorships are bad , but benign dictatorships are even worse . 
  `` do n't worry citizens , we know what is in your best interests '' . 
  let 's just wait and see what happens . 
  in five years post-brexit , the uk economy will still be strong and it will have trade deals it never could have made whilst in the eu . 
  the nasty side of the eu is coming out here in brexit , gleefully wishing for failure of the uk to ` teach them a lesson ' . 
  this power is n't making people 's lives better , which is the sad part . 
  it 's propping up erdogan supporters and the military . 
  he 'd be a traitor to do so . 
  the vote was made , why are people celebrating the circumvention of democracy ? 
  seven years on and german ( and other ) banks are still exposed to huge risk , with piles of junk assets in their books . 
  democracy is dead in europe . 
  germany runs ludicrous budget surpluses but greece ( and other importers ) ca n't run deficits . 
  their policies are dictated from brussels . 
  germany is every bit the bad citizen as greece in the broader ez , yet only one of those nations is in control of its own nation . 
  how do you end the corruption in the political arena and provide a state that the average citizen does n't hold in utter contempt ? 
  who/what are the biggest barriers to this happening ? 
  yes ... 180 % debt : gdp is because of tax evasion from cafes ... 
  someone give this guy an honorary economics degree . 
  put your money where your mouth is and stand up to erdogan . 
  your banks kind of fucked a lot of europe ... ing had the dutch gdp in debt with a 2 % capital base . 
  and for some reason , greek pensioners have to pay for losses your banks should have been forced to wear . 
  ireland was strong armed by the euro area to take private debt from banks and publicise it . 
  overnight it went from 25 % debt to gdp to 120 % ... 
  the problems in greece are systemic to the ez , mainly . 
  if germany runs surpluses . 
  greece needs to run deficits right ? 
  only this is a no no in the ez , so what else is left ? 
  greece and other net importers can only contract . 
  italy 's gdp has only grown 1 % pa since joining the ez ... 
  sorry , but your glorious union is structurally stupid . 
  and the largest cause of this crisis . 
  austerity does n't work . 
  greece ca n't be a corporate tax dodge for europe and nor can it piggy back on increased exports to spain and france . 
  it also ca n't develope industry to export whilst having to run a budget surplus . 
  the program is a joke and it 's hilarious in 2016 that there 's people who think it 's a good program and greece is to blame . 
  if greece does n't get significant haircuts on the debt before the end of the year , i 'd seriously reconsider defaulting , printing the drachma and leaving the ez . 
  i 'd dare say the sunk cost fallacy is keeping greece in this awful austerity regime . 
  the skilled youth leaving greece is going to compound problems down the road , and tsipras is right . 
  greece will need bailouts well into the future . 
  how can a nation get increasing tax receipts , whilst running a budget deficit , whilst selling its productive assets at firesale prices , whilst losing its working population ? 
   the thing is ... it is getting better . 
  for the bottom quarter of society in developed nations , this statement is objectively false . 
  '' [ income ] inequality is rising within most countries , notably the high-income ones '' - branko milanovic , from his research * global income inequality * . 
  then we have piketty 's * r  g * . 
  the return on capital is greater than economic growth , so just having assets makes the capital holding class far better off the the working class in the long-run . 
  on top of the capital gains , they can also derive rents since the capital class owns all the important land ( in australia , look at our housing prices over the last 30 years for example ) . 
   that some people do n't know how to adapt to the conditions unemployment rates are climbing , as are underemployment rates . 
  this is the market 's fault , not the peoples . 
  labelling them as lazy people who are to blame for their predicament is ( 1 ) wrong , dead wrong and ignorant & ( 2 ) why they 're turning to trump ( or regional equivalent ) . 
  people like you are why trump became an option for these people . 
  nobody is empathising with their position in all this . 
   you do live better and most importantly freer than ever before . 
  i do , because i am college educated and was fortunate that my field is in high demand . 
  the bottom quarter do not ... and it 's getting worse . 
   nothing would 've or could 've stopped outsourcing , because globalism is stronger than ever before and it 's here to stay . 
  the market is there for people . 
  people are not there for the market . 
  take the french ( or swedes for that matter ) , look at how product their labour is . 
  they wisely use this productivity to allow for more leisure time . 
  * this is how it should be * . 
  they have a healthier mindset than american 's who just work some more . 
  this ` work or you 're a burden ' mindset is toxic and needs to be reexamined . 
  asserting :  deluding yourself that such things are reversible or at least mitigatable is foolish talk is false . 
  it 's luddite thinking on your part . 
  it 's like suggesting that we 'd never move past hunter/gatherer societies because people like to hunt . 
  already , many economists have good ideas how to mitigate the shameless profiteering of large companies under globalism and to redistribute wealth and income to greater fairer societies . 
  what is foolish is accepting things the way they are . 
  as if what ` the market wants right now ' is the ` right thing ' . 
  when companies like apple have an effective tax rate < 1 % where in the 70s , the average large firm was paying 20 % or so , this is a serious problem . 
  especially when demand for labour is so low . 
  but , you 're absolutely right when you say :  people 's mindsets need to change but it 's not the people working for minimum wage who use to be in steady , middle-class employment who need the biggest shift in their mindsets . 
  it 's the world . 
  we need to move beyond regional thinking and work toward a global tax regime to control apple , google and other large firms who are essentially stealing from public wealth . 
  all our gains in productivity of capital and labour should be providing better societies and less inequality . 
  instead it has done the opposite . 
  europe : `` we ca n't make sensible deals because then spain and italy will want sensible deals too '' . 
  after decades and decades of mainstream parties promising to ` create jobs ' and ` protect the middle class ' , but failing to do so ; what do you expect ? 
  instead of calling people who turn to the extreme right or left ' * idiots * ' maybe understand their predicament first ? 
  instead of accusing them of failing your country , maybe ask how they were failed by your country first ? 
  not to single out europe , we have the same issue here . 
  people who voted for our ` one nation ' party were immediately labelled ' * racist morons * ' . 
  but these voters , like yours , they 've lost well-paying middle-class jobs , had assets repossessed from cars to homes ... been forced to take awful jobs at casual hours for the minimum wage , when twenty years ago they were on almost 50 % more . 
  not to mention how better working conditions were for them . 
  they 've long worked out that mainstream parties are n't the solution for them , so they 're experimenting with the fringe . 
  what choice do they have ? 
  vote for the same people who let them lose their jobs whilst banks got bailed out ? 
  vote for the same people who signed trade-deal after trade-deal , leading to the offshoring of their work ? 
  vote for the same people who promised them it will get better , time and time again ? 
  what shocks me is how people expect them to accept their predicament and fall in line with the major parties who abandoned them around the 70s ( depending on the country ) . 
  there 's no consent under duress .
