  because without the eu/ez it never would have happened and greece could have inflated it away . 
  furthermore , toxic greek assets would be held by far fewer ez banks and other toxic assets from mediterranean nations would n't be on greek banks balance sheets . 
  so yeah , not the spendings fault really . 
  he is an economics professor , so not just ` some guy ' shouting on the street corner : http://blogs.forbes.com/people/johntharvey/ he 's still more credible than any pro-austerity politician that is n't trained in economics . 
  the only people qualified to offer strong opinions on the crisis are ( detached ) economists . 
  politicians are too affixed to one sides ' argument . 
  i do n't trust the v-man any more or less than i trust schaeuble, 
  i 'm probably one of the more pro-greek people on / r/europe right now , so let me speak in defense of germany ( in this regard ) . 
  even though germany can borrow really cheap and they are making a ` profit ' by then extending that loan to greece at a slightly higher interest rate , there 's an opportunity cost in doing so . 
  german 's could use this borrowing power they have to invest in large capital projects in their major export markets via fdi or at home to help themselves ( and get a much bigger roi ) . 
  so it 's a tad unfair to accuse the german 's of shameless profiteering from these loans . 
  the reason why germany are being daft about the debt levels is political only . 
  their electorate sees it as ` rewarding ' sinful ways of the greeks , thus enabling them to ` do it again ' . 
  i 'm surprised that this obvious truth did n't get downvoted by the `` but the payments are manageable '' , `` eu can do no wrong '' crowd . 
  you sure do have a lot of posts about doing seo in your comment history . 
  did you do a minor in seo with your economics major ? 
  yeah , sure they are ... 
  but , but the greeks did n't make any reforms which is why there ca n't be any leeway in negotiations ... / s, 
   here is my question in return . 
  when are the young greek people going to protest their elders day to day , not on the streets , but in their living rooms , offices and elsewhere ? 
  they move to germany , the usa and australia among other places ... is that not protest enough for you ? 
  i 've spoken to some new immigrants and they simply rely on their parents for food and board , ever heard of do n't cut off the hand to feed you ? 
  the youth are powerless . 
  trying to place blame on the youth of greece for not ` fighting ' for reform just shows no class . 
   ** those against debt relief have argued that saving greece would merely reward a government that has failed to reform ** its inefficient economy . 
  but that is a self-serving misreading of what happened in the crisis . 
  it was ** european leaders and the international monetary fund that made the biggest error in 2012 when they only partially restructured greece 's debts ** , a lot of which were owed to banks in germany and the rest of europe . 
   ** they compounded the problem by demanding that the country cut spending and raise taxes . 
  that depressed a weak economy and drove up unemployment , making growth and increased revenues impossible **, 
  what if you keep lighting my crops on fire that i use to sell to generate revenue ? 
  shall we continue using absurd metaphors or talk about the issue directly ? 
  ireland only had ~ 115 % debt to gdp at its peak and regularly makes trade surpluses . 
  greece has debt to gdp of 180 % and regularly runs a trade deficit . 
  another ignorant comment on / r/europe , what a surprise . 
   the loans were not given to greece so that france and germany could make some interest profit . 
  no , they 're paying back state coffers for the vicarious bank bailout nobody in germany or france voted for . 
  but somehow greeks are on the hook for `` your tax dollars '' bailing them out ? 
   germany would be perfectly happy to forgive parts of the loans , if greece had shown a promising strategy . 
  read : signed on blindly for the same failed austerity . 
   instead , greece elected tsipras as a direct consequence of the troika 's hubris . 
   who seems completely unwilling to reform anything . 
  sans fact . 
  an entity is insolvent if it can not pay debts when they fall due . 
  so there 's two elements to this equation , the means to pay debts and the level of debts themselves . 
  the obvious solution is reduce the debts such that greece becomes solvent and can run a small enough primary deficit to grow again . 
  the total debt is 315bn , so halving that would mean that germany would take a 30bn or so haircut . 
  if you 're serious about the long term european project , why care ? 
  ( which is how you would sell this to the eurozone member states ) . 
  10 % of greek imports ( worth 6bn a year ) come from germany and have done so for quite some time . 
  not to mention , before the crisis , the loans germany made to greece fueled demand for german goods . 
  so in 20-30 years , the debt is water under the bridge as it has been ` paid back ' by greeks continuing to buy goods from germany . 
  as to reforming greece , you simply tie the monetary policy it can run to its reform performance . 
  which is why you 're not removing the debt entirely and giving greece the keys back to the car yet . 
  you 're just taking the pillow off its face so it can try to change . 
   you need to stop acting as if bank bailouts somehow robbed the greek people . 
  they are ? 
  savings and tax dollars flow back to germany and france to pay back bad loans . 
   eu is not bleeding a stone to get its money back , it 's demanding reforms that would result in a feasible economy . 
  no reforms will make greece feasible so long as it has debt to gdp of 180 % . 
  you could install germany government 2.0 in greece and it would n't be feasible . 
   what is to stop greece to at least plan for stop tax evasion and all the other drains ? 
  so far i am not seeing this being discussed in greece . 
  greece has been steadily increasing the tax collected in relative terms since the crisis ( although absolute terms have dropped off thanks to the recession ) . 
  it has opened a special division of the police in 2012 specifically to come after tax dodgers and more recently an amnesty was offered for late payers of small debts if they paid installment by a certain deadline . 
  the reforms have come in , you 're just refusing to acknowledge them . 
   i was asking a theoretical question which you seem to be ducking . 
  it 's a stupid question as greece would obviously fail given the banks are insolvent . 
  yeah , do n't be stupid , reduce it to manageable levels ( 180 % of gdp is not manageable ) and do n't force policies that lead to recessions ? 
  then , after taking the savings of the most hard done by to bailout banks who * knowingly * lent money like no tomorrow , do n't be surprised when parties like syriza get elected ? 
  you mean , in a tightly integrated multi-variable system where ones health is dependent on the health of many others , can we guarantee nothing bad will ever happen again ? 
  what a daft question . 
  even the us had some uncomfortable adjustments in 2008 . 
  you then seem to imply that all debt should be forgiven , hardly . 
  it should be reduced down to a manageable level and the creditors should continue to push for structural reforms ( not specific targets ) . 
  more transparency in land purchases , digital taxation system , seizures of assets for long-term tax dodgers , less bureaucracy to register a business etc etc. 
  not vat on hotels = 23 % . 
  the eurozone needs to stop being so stupid and let greece run small primary deficits to grow . 
  by all means , police the spending to make sure greece actually invests in growth , but this instance on no debt restructuring nor primary deficits is just insane . 
  you 're bleeding a stone to get money back on a bank bailout you unilaterally made , without consulting with your electorate first . 
   5 years of ~ ~ forgiveness already ~ ~ vicarious bank bailouts . 
  the ignorance in this comment ... no amount of reforms in greece will make debt equal to 180 % of gdp repayable . 
  no requirement to run a small primary surplus for years to come will make that debt repayable . 
  it needs to be significantly reduced * before * greece can have any chance to reform . 
  the government simply does n't have the money to double down on tax accountants and law reforms because it can not hire . 
  it can not invest in it infrastructure to do data mining on tax returns , because it is n't allowed to spend ... greece needs to reform , but so does the eurozone . 
  germany had no problem when their banks created a bubble in greece , which led to increased demand for german goods , but now they think that greece is responsible solely for this mess ? 
   looking at eurostat 's data from 2005 the average age of exit from the labour force in greece ( indicated in the graph below as el for ellas ) was 61.7 ; higher than germany , france or italy and higher than the eu27 average . 
  since then greece have had to raise the minimum age of retirement twice under bail-out conditions and so this figure is likely to rise further . 
  [ source , pg . 
  40 ] ( http://www.eurofound.europa.eu/sites/default/files/ef_files/docs/ewco/tn0702028s/tn0702028s.pdf )  [ oecd data ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs ) shows that in 2008 , greeks worked on average 2120 hours a year . 
  that is 690 hours more than the average german and 467 more than the average brit . 
  so yes , greece could use some internal reforms ( which ez nation could n't ) but it is not responsible for this mess . 
  greeks are n't lazy spend thrifts who got themselves in this mess . 
  if your ` understanding ' of the greek crisis is that lazy greeks overspent , lived beyond their means forever and a day and now when the credit card bill came in , they 're crying broke because they have to make some cut backs . 
  you 're a moron who is n't going to benefit from any amount of discussion . 
  please leave the room and let the adults talk . 
  however , if you really want to understand the crisis , [ this is a good video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6vv8_uqmxs ) that touches on the matter . 
  the debt is still 180 % of gdp ... you have : debt / gdp and the denominator is constantly shrinking previous discounts do not matter , the only question that matters is * `` can the loans be repaid at current debt levels '' * , to which the resounding answer is no . 
  it 's that simple . 
  i know most people here think the `` lazy '' greeks need to be punished for their sinful ways , but let 's get in touch with reality people .
