30 february - 31 february : australia you had me there for a second haha , but these country threads seem like a good idea but i got ta agree that putting small countries like monaco together with france might overshadow them , but for the nl+be+lux combo it does n't really feel like luxembourg will get that problem since we have the benelux that ties us together . 
  it looks like you coloured luxembourg but forgot to add the percentage on the map . 
  but overall nice map , i did n't notice the typo until you pointed it out . 
  i do n't think the eu would be gone so soon , and if it was gone by that time some kind of ( spiritual ) successor or alternative would have taken it place . 
  does n't ukraine already border multiple eu countries ? 
  ah i see , thank you for answering . 
  the militia squads seem like a way to prevent any future protest that could lead to something like that in ukraine . 
  as a belarussian would you be able to tell me how the ` union state ' has affected you or how it was recieved by the belarussian people , i have read about it on but i 'm not sure what effects it would have for the belarussian people . 
  and if i could ask , what is your personal opinion of europe and the eu , would you feel like belarus should work together more with europe or should it just stick with russia ? 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  on a serious note , would it be considered rude to refer to bosnia-herzegovina as bosnia , or is it just an informal way to refer to the country like how ( some ) people refer to the uk as england and to the netherlands as holland ? 
  is there a reason why german is preferred over english as a foreign language , is there just more german media than english media ? 
  there 's / r/european , / r/europeans , and / r/europes . 
  although all of those three are neither as big as this one , the moderatiom is not as ` heavy ' as here . 
  well written fellow european , but why would people fear a centralised european superstate ? 
  any reason for colouring georgia and armenia but not naming them ? 
  and i really like how you did the netherlands btw !, 
  sadly the answer to that question would be currently not . 
  while it would be possible to get a job while only speaking english , being part of something local in a country would require you to speak the local language which for most countries is n't english . 
  speaking the native tongue is necessary to feel part of the community , but with the increase of english language education throughout europe there is hope for the english language becoming a second ` native ' language for european countries which would help being part of a community . 
  well english is the most taught second language in most european countries , while [ not every country has people being fluent in it ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/english-eu.jpg ) it 's still possible to go through most of europe while only speaking english . 
  i feel like creating eu wide standards for things like living wages and such will help create a sense of unity , because ( hopefully ) two different european nationalities being treated the same will make them feel more equal . 
  do you have a link for that trump 9/11 video ? 
  that 's a good thing right ? 
  it seemed like neither side were excited for ttip . 
  i 'm guessing it 's related to torture to get information out of a person . 
  thank you for that link , it was an interesting read . 
  thank you for posting the full article op , i was unable to read it fully on the site . 
  on a sidenote has anyone here read the book of the author of the article ? 
  the title seems interesting and i was wondering if anyone here could tell me about it . 
  thank you for these amazing maps . 
  ah makes sense , thank you . 
  yeah i think even their most eurosceptic party ( afd ) is not even in favour of leaving the eu , a german exit from the eu is highly unlikely . 
  interesting , i see your flair says portugal but you say you read twice as much content in spanish than portuguese , why 's that ? 
  is spanish such a popular language in portugal , or is the spanish news coverage better than the portuguese news coverage of portugal ? 
  op this site is amazing , it even works on mobile !, 
  by any chance did you make this ? 
  btw you should post it on / r/internetisbeautiful if you have n't already . 
  ah , thank you !, 
  would you have a link to that speech ? 
  i would be interested to listen to it . 
  ah oke sorry , your flair text said japan so i assumed you were from there . 
  if i might ask , what interests you to follow the results of the brexit ? 
  i see from your flair that you 're from japan so i 'm curious to why someone from there would be following the results . 
  thank you for that pdf , it 's an interesting read . 
  op could you tell us how it went ? 
  i assume they would have preferred an even harsher approach to the situation . 
  do you mean this event specifically or are there other events ? 
  because i do n't think turkey acting and the netherlands reacting this way will have any effect on how israel is perceived , since they do n't seem to be related to this at all . 
  belgium 's borders look a bit weird on the south , like they extend to far into what would be france . 
  do you got a source for that ? 
  the numbers seem to be more realictic but i would still like to check . 
  it 's hard for me to answer but i will try ( i 'm not an expert but i have researched a bit and know people who could be considered anti-eu ) i think a lot of the anti-eu is worried about the power going to brussel , together with money/payments to the eu . 
  people i know who support parties leaving the eu are mostly eurosceptics and would like to see the eu go back to its basics , but since only pvv takes such a hard stance against the eu they consider voting for them . 
  there 's others like sp ( and pvdd i think ) who are eurosceptic but they perceive them as either not hard enough or fear that they will give in when they will have to work together with other parties . 
  immigration also plays a role but not necessary contributing to anti-euness , the pvv ofcourse takes a hard stance against immigration but a decent amount of people who agree with that find that it outweights leaving the eu or/and not necessarily lay the blame on the eu . 
  there 's currently some parties focusing on immigration similar to how the pvv does , these parties are the cda and vvd from the top of my head , they seem to be pretty popular in the polls and they could be considered pro/neutral eu parties . 
  myself i am someone going to vote cda/vvd most likely ( want to tell you since i might give a biased perspective ) since i support cda 's viewpoints , and vvd ( which also has some good viewpoints ) has done well the last 4 years imo . 
  but i do n't think i 've ever met anyone realistically thinking the eu is the fourth reich or something . 
  i always get the impression from others that germany seems to be leading the eu , but mostly perceive this as postive since germany as a country is also doing fine . 
  although this opinion has changed since the things that happened in germany the past years like the cologne thing . 
  lastly , the percentage of people truly wanting to leave the eu would be pretty low . 
  we had a referendum on the eu-ukraine deal but it wad mostly marketed/perceived as a anti eu referendum ( vote no if you dislike the eu ) . 
  the turnout was something like 30 percentage and the amount of no votes were 60 , which makes the percentage of the population that voted no around 20-25 . 
  the referendum was advisory but any person wanting a nexit had no reason not to voice their opinion on the eu , and eurosceptics would also have voted but for probably diagreeing with the deal itself . 
  so i think realistically the percentage supporting a nexit is 25-30 tops , which is nowhere near a majority . 
  but we will see if my assumptions are wrong coming elections march 15 . 
  i hope they are not though . 
  edit : also not necessarily anti-eu , but pvv also gets some of its voter-base because it strongly supports upholding dutch traditions ( like zwarte piet ) , and opposes islam . 
  which some people might feel it outweights being in the eu , and therefore vote on the pvv . 
  second edit : some people who might support pvv viewpoints dislike trump and therefore will drop their vote for pvv since geert ( leader pvv ) endorsed him . 
  they are the people who might vote sp , maybe pvdd , or even vvd . 
  i do n't think the 23 % supporting efta ( and maybe even the percentage supproting only a fta ) would necessary like to leave the eu , the article also really seems to be jumping to conclusions with all regions and everyone aged over 25 supporting a nexit . 
  a minor thing also is them referring to netherlands in the beginning as holland which makes me question their professionality , unless ofcourse they mean north and south holland seceding from the netherlands which would mean they would leave the eu . 
  but nonetheless thank you for providing for a source since these numbers seemed fishy to me and i did n't know where you got them from . 
  i think pvda will get more seats than currently expected , together with vvd , and make them big enough for a coaliton of four . 
  but even if pvda would be too small , i see vvd having a hard time working together with gl so i assume they would get a smaller party with them to make it a coalition of five . 
  where did you get that 39 % from ? 
  i would be interested in knowing the source . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  the only thing i could find is this www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/11/eu-auditors-want-repayment-of-cash-used-in-anti-ukraine-referendum-campaign/ which states a sum of $ 34,000 for geenstijl . 
  just for comparisons sake , could someone make a map which includes statictics for being in a relationship with christian people and white people . 
  what would be bad about the fvd gaining seats at the loss of the pvv ? 
  what 's are the differences between the major centre-right , and the minor right-wing party ? 
  now i 'm wondering what the correlation is between the countries coloured in light grey , i ca n't think of something which would group these specific countries together . 
  anyone here know how this will effect services like crunchyroll ? 
  i found this article from the bbc www.bbc.com/news/technology-36378078 which talks about a mandatory exception for niche services but there is no mention of that in ops article . 
  just for clarification , are the stores on the playstation and nintendo consoles default set to your region language with no ability to change to your language of preference ? 
  i love this bot . 
  props to sticking out to the end of that discussion , it 's weird to see people going to such lengths to defend communism . 
  ah sorry wrong wording , i think rivalry might be a better word for it . 
  it 's just that a strong eu might act more independent from the usa and have more frequent disagreements with them in terms of foreign policy . 
  and as you said they would be a competitor economically to them too . 
  but in your last line , europe being in a worse position than the us in the long term . 
  could you expand on what you mean by that ? 
  wow thank you for that link/information , i never knew that america had funded such groups in the past . 
  i consider myself a conservative while being right of the spectrum and living in the west , and i am in favour of the eu . 
  i think it 's just that the eu being a threat to america on the worldstage is what most americans dislike about it . 
  well about our cabinet , some dutchy looked at how our parties [ voted on european ( union ) issues ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/5xbuyr/stemgedrag_tweede_kamer_over_de_europese_unie/ ) . 
  and as you can see the parties vvd and cda also voted significantly pro-eu , even if not as pro-eu as gl or even d66 .
