i had a few national lampoons vacation films on nhs when i was younger and re watched them a year or so ago for some reason . 
  they 're alright . 
  i enjoyed them more for nostalgia than anything . 
  what about the people from the uk speaking welsh , scots , gaelic or even cornish ? 
  i went to a welsh speaking school and still find it odd when i hear it spoken . 
  i would be amazed if even an english person spoke welsh let alone an american . 
  pretty much all european cities were built before the car was invented . 
  the houses were n't built with garages either , so if we were to use car parks they would be quite a walk from wherever people live . 
  i guess this is why people in cities are less likely to own a car and our public transport infrastructure is good . 
  if i were you i would pick two cities ( kobenhavn followed by amsterdam would be my choice ) from that list and spend 3/4 days in each , otherwise you will be spend almost half of your time in europe in airports or on trains . 
  you probably wo n't be able to fit hiking and camping into the trip unless you specifically do that for a few days . 
  i do n't want to ruin your fun , just trying to be realistic . 
  i hope you have a great time . 
  the obvious one is brexit . 
  mexican coke is the same as european coke afaik . 
  i think they use a sugar substitute in the us . 
  i do n't go to church , but i 've never tv 's in one . 
  it seems quite american . 
  i 've seen pictures of bars like [ this ] ( http://www.adome.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/sports-bar-winslow-design-group.jpg ) , is that common ? 
  when in countries that use the euro , i usually forget and still call them quids . 
  i think you are correct , although i do n't agree with `` spiritual lords '' . 
  26 is n't actually that big a chunk since there over 800 lords , that works out around 3 or 4 percent . 
  still too much in my opinion , although it 's a similar percentage as the population who attend church , so at least it 's proportional . 
  they 're dying out and in a generation or two wo n't really exist . 
  like a [ mexican wave ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ifcfwsetdy ) ? 
  it 's not something that comes naturally to british people . 
  i cringe whenever i see one at a sporting event in this country . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen it at a football game , but might happen at something like the olympics where more children and families are watching . 
  i can tell the difference between people from my town and a the town 10 miles down the road . 
  there are so many accents in britain alone that our ears are finely tuned to notice them . 
  new zealand , south african , jamaican , american , canadian are all easy to distinguish for most brits . 
  some of them were descended from vikings , but after a few centuries of living in northern france , mixing the population there and speaking the language , they were very much distinct from vikings . 
  i did my family tree back to the late 1600 's . 
  all lived within about 20 mile radius in the south of england , not very interesting . 
  i do look particularly anglo-saxon though so it 's not that much of a surprise . 
  we had a dentist visit the school once a year , every year i was in school until 16 . 
  as an adult i usually go once a year , although my partner has just had a baby which means both of us ( the parents ) get free dental check ups for the next year so i 'll go 2 or 3 times this year to make the most of it . 
  46th most popular surname or 116000 people share my surname . 
  my english friend has been a resident of copenhagen for the last 2 years , he 's still english . 
  i even lived in the netherlands for a year when i was younger , that does n't make me dutch . 
  i do n't have a shower , but have a bath every other day unless i 'm dirty from work or it 's been a really hot day . 
  i have n't used shampoo in over a year now and my hair is brighter and less greasy than it was when i shampoo 'd regularly , try it . 
  muesli and milk , half a grapefruit , cup of tea , pint of water . 
  i had phimosis and was circumsized when i was about 7 or 8 . 
  that is true actually , although i think the band is strictly for full face coverings . 
  on a week day a few pints after work is fairly common , in hot weather now perhaps even a small bottle of beer at lunch . 
  weekends , especially in the summer a lot of people will be drinking all day , but pacing themselves with weaker beer and eating a lot of food and drinking water so as not to get too drunk . 
  although there are always the ones that forget the food and water and end up either shouting or asleep by 7pm . 
  i think you 're getting the hijab confused with the burka . 
  a hijab is a head scarf , a burka is a full body including face covering . 
  no , it 's my mistake . 
  omnivore is correct , i was n't thinking . 
  i live in what is probably the most vegan friendly city in the uk , brighton . 
  it has even become the stereotype of people who live here . 
  in my office of 8 people , 4 are vegan , 2 vegetarian and the other 2 are ~ ~ carnivores ~ ~ meat-eaters . 
  if somebody in my city said they are vegan nobody would even notice or think it was strange . 
  i do miss meat and cheese , but in the year i have been vegan i feel a lot healthier , my food shopping bill has pretty much halved and i know i 'm helping the environment . 
  trump is slang for fart in the uk , so his name is funny enough on it 's own . 
  i 'm old enough to remember , i only visited germany the first time in 2002 though , so unsure . 
  [ banana man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovvkrryb22q ) , obviously . 
  * # 8.99 / month * no contract , just rolling monthly * 6gb data , 4g * i have never tethered , so unsure . 
  * unlimited texts * yes , i have free eu roaming i bought a 2nd hand iphone 5 for # 80 . 
  so all in all i paid around # 190 for one year , which worked out far cheaper than getting a new phone with a 24 month contract at # 35/month . 
  people forget that traders need access to dixons !, 
  although they do say it 'll help people in wheeeeelchairs ... 
  these are some typical streets in my home town of brighton , uk . 
  http://c8.alamy.com/comp/dbc889/street-with-painted-terraced-houses-in-pastel-colours-dbc889.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/1d/86/37/1d863757e0a0749f11e982c8bf4f569a.jpg http://www.urban75.org/photos/brighton/images/br100.jpg http://c8.alamy.com/comp/aajh47/art-student-pier-paolo-inga-and-his-decorated-house-in-hanover-terrace-aajh47.jpg https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/167/388513709_9cbe88743e_z.jpg?zz=1, 
  probably the netherlands or denmark . 
  that is true actually . 
  i have family in australia so often forget they are ` foreign ' . 
  i was thinking more of foreign language tv . 
  we have a few scandinavian crime dramas on bbc . 
  apart from those you would have to have cable tv for any foreign tv programmes . 
  mostly only french , german and spanish , but it depends where you are in the uk . 
  i lived in wales for much of my childhood and so welsh was also taught from the age of 5 . 
  he 's not at all as left wing as jeremy corbyn is and he is n't doing too badly at the moment . 
  i think bernie would have a pretty good chance in the uk . 
  welsh road signs are written in both welsh and english . 
  i 'm not a fan of nutella either . 
  much prefer either cashew or hazelnut butter . 
  it 's always been a regular in my house . 
  toast topping is either marmite or peanut butter . 
  not a fan of american style peanut butter though . 
  why the fuck would you want that much sugar in your food ? 
  depends what you mean by ` high school ' . 
  in the uk highschool is for kids aged 11-16 . 
  college is 16-18 and university is 18 + . 
  my birthday is late in the academic year , so i actually finished high school when i was 15 . 
  by the time i was 16 and in college i and most of my friends at least had a saturday job in a shop somewhere . 
  in high school the amount of jobs you can actually do is limited because of age . 
  i try and take mine as late as possible , so 14:30 -15:30 and then i only have 2 hours of work when i get back to the office . 
  the welsh flag is the best obviously . 
  all the roald dahl books alfred hitchcocks three investigators greek myths and legends, 
  this is what i love about the french, 
  looking at it now , i think you 're right , it does look funny, 
  when glastonbury is set up and at capacity it is the 2nd largest city in the south-west . 
  not quite as big as bristol , but bigger than both plymouth and bath in size and population . 
  have n't had a car for 10 years . 
  i 'm lucky enough to live in the centre of a city where pretty much everything i need is within a 25 minute walk from my house . 
  if i 'm leaving the city , trains , buses and coaches are all fairly reliable .
