  i did n't relocate , but haven visited 3 times . 
  every time i went to the toilet there , i had really horrible shit . 
  i 'm a believer that you can tell how good your diet is and how healthy you are by looking at your shit . 
  i do n't know what preservatives they put in their food , but something was n't right . 
  [ listen to james o'brien 's mystery hour poscast ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/james-obriens-mystery-hour/id666751844?mt=2 ) it 's quite interesting and funny . 
  lots of british callers and might be interesting for you to hear everyday people talking about odd things . 
  i came here to mention that film , it 's a great documentary and has a fair few comparisons with life at the moment in this country . 
  my girlfriend studied old english at university , but that was a specialist subject . 
  i also had to learn welsh at school , which you could argue is a language which predates old english . 
  i see chips and fries as two different things . 
  chips , should be fat , not too crispy and drowning in salt and vinegar . 
  whereas fries should be thin and crispy . 
  not irish , but girlfriend and her family are northern irish . 
  girlfriends mum remembers growing up in belfast in what was more or less a war zone . 
  she does n't find the name funny at all , although if you asked her if she fancies a shot of jameson 's in her guinness she would neck it back . 
  just do n't give it that name . 
  changing the spelling and pronunciation of words and then claiming they still speak english is one of the worst americanisations . 
  glad to see australia still speaking proper . 
  my girlfriends family are from northern ireland , originally from the republic of ireland , they are catholic , view themselves as british and live in england . 
  make of that what you will . 
  there will be no definitive answer to this question . 
  different people will have different views of themselves . 
  ah , of course . 
  i did n't even think about cricket . 
  considering indians are probably the largest immigrant group in the uk there ar n't actually very many indian professional football players . 
  i could n't name any . 
  britain = blighty , albion . 
  i read a study recently that explained that in europe we actually have much better oral hygiene than in the united states . 
  it 's down to a combination of different drinking water and eating far less sugar foods and drinks . 
  i ca n't speak for the rest of europe , but in britain all under 18 's get free dental care . 
  because it 's part of the nhs the emphasis of dentists work is to make sure teeth are strong and healthy with less regard to how they look . 
  any cosmetic work can be done , but that must be paid for separately ( private ) . 
  children can and do have braces on their teeth when growing up they tend to have them for medical reasons rather than cosmetic ones . 
  i 'm not sure the united states would qualify to be a part of the eu . 
  they would have to get rid of the death penalty first amongst other things . 
   unless someone in our family made way with one of the indigenous peoples , our roots are european . 
  or african , or asian etc etc, 
  both , my wok and griddle are both cast iron , my frying pan is non stick . 
  in the uk we call it ` dripping ' . 
  i came here to say exactly this . 
  we are , it 's true . 
  i live in england , which is in great britain , which is in the uk . 
  i know the difference and so does everybody i know . 
  my family lived in amsterdam when i was growing up so i know the difference . 
  although i would say it 's 50/50 with people calling it holland or netherlands . 
  i would call the country netherlands . 
  i would just call people americans unless i was talking specifically about the new york yankees . 
  i do n't personally , but a lot of english people on the south coast will do a ` booze cruise ' which involves getting a ferry over to france and buying cheaper wine and beer in bulk and bringing it back . 
  it 's common if people are having big parties or perhaps for a private wedding bar . 
  same as me, 
  my uncle was a royal marines commando in the late 80 's early 90 's and was in iraq during the gulf war . 
  does that count as a vet ? 
  in britain i 've only been on the mainland and the isle of wight . 
  we have bagged milk in some places , but most people get it in plastic cartons . 
  i think bags are a good idea in environmental terms . 
  it 's not that bad , it 's `` vibrant '' . 
  ever walked through peckham on a friday night ? 
  in england `` if we leave the eu , i 'm moving to mainland europe . '', 
  my family has always had dogs . 
  unfortunately though i now live in a rented top floor flat so it 's not possible to have any pets . 
  i know most of the local dogs by name . 
  i 've never been a cat person , but there are a lot more of them in my area , but i live in the city now and cats do n't need a garden etc like a dog would . 
  i really like the sound of germanic languages . 
  turkey is mostly only eaten at christmas . 
  there are a lot of turkey farms on the east coast around lincolnshire , norfolk and suffolk , not sure about wild turkeys though . 
  personally i chicken . 
  i live in a city now , so there are fewer kids around , though it would n't be strange if i saw a pram left outside a shop in a quieter area . 
  people would only leave them outside for 5 minutes max . 
  as for pubs , when i was younger kids could only be in a pub which had a garden and had to stay outside . 
  these days it 's up to the landlord whether kids are allowed inside or not , and it 's usually only during the day time . 
  it 's quite common for kids first memories of pubs is having to sit outside while their parents were inside , i met a lot of other children , so it was fine with me . 
  this is when i was a baby , so i would just sleep in my pram ( stroller ) . 
  it only really happened when i was baby , as soon as i was a kid i would go into shops/cafes with my mum . 
  shops/cafes can be small in europe and if you have to visit 4 or 5 shops on the high street it 's a lot easier to leave a baby sleeping in it 's pram outside than it is take it into a cramped space which might have steps and could wake the baby . 
  especially if you just want to buy a loaf of bread . 
  on another note local pubs did n't used to let children in when i was younger . 
  i remember many occasions where i would sit on the doorstep to the pub with a can of lemonade and a bag of crisps whilst my dad had a pint indoors . 
  english here and even my parents left me and my siblings outside when we were babies . 
  if they were only going into a shop for a couple of minutes then it would be fine , they can see out of the window . 
  in a cafe they would leave me outside , but they would usually sit at a table in the window , so they were pretty much still next to me . 
  buildings are a lot smaller in europe and a pram could take up the space of a whole table . 
  also on a saturday or sunday morning , they would put me and my siblings outside the front of the house so they could get a lay in . 
  i never really thought it was that strange until other people starting saying it was weird . 
  i usually kiss females on the cheek or at least our heads go side by side and make a kissing sound . 
  i have a few gay friends and they might give a kiss on the cheek when saying hello/goodbye . 
  with other males i tend not to , but it 's not unheard of , depends how well i know them . 
  we do n't particularly have many grape falvoured things , we prefer blackcurrent flavour , which i 've heard is equally difficult to find in the states . 
  backseat driver . 
  it mostly applies to non drivers telling drivers how to drive , although i 've heard it used in other situations . 
  the netherlands and denmark . 
  probably because i have spent the most amount of time there and always find them very easy to get along with . 
  my town , brighton , uk has a lot of georgian and victorian ( ~ 1750-1900 ) buildings . 
  they typically have 3/4 floors including a basement . 
  the majority of these buildings have now been converted into flats ( apartments ) and the basement flat is usually the most desirable since it will have a personal front door and most likely a garden . 
  [ the front of a typical building ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/42/a1/9a/42a19a1056ebcf8c63652eced7dc72e0.jpg ) [ the front steps ] ( https://doriansmith5.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/4542_76298_img_05_0001.jpg ) [ view from front door ] ( http://cdn.overstreet.co.uk/images/property/large/4/2015/4/22/montpelier-crescent-basement-flat-brighton-000004823_1570461_img_03.jpg ) if people are rich enough and own a whole building they will typically use the basement as the kitchen . 
  really ? 
  i make a full english at least once a month . 
  maybe not a full , full english , but at least bacon , eggs , sausage , beans , mushrooms and toast . 
  [ georgian houses in brighton , uk . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/brighton/@50.8251421,-0.1634627,3a,75y,82.12h,103.02t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sdp-jdiqjvj9mopzcihv-zw!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo3.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3ddp-jdiqjvj9mopzcihv-zw%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d110.04188%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x48758509f6294167:0x9cc6af7a727d0ef9!8m2!3d50.82253!4d-0.137163 ),
