  yes . 
  i 'd most like to see it set in my town , south coast , uk . 
  but seeing the walking dead world set anywhere in the world is always interesting . 
  love that show . 
  i literally pay # 12 a month for unlimited calls , texts and more data than i need per month . 
  i 'll use whatever , it does n't matter . 
  just for comparison , this is my local non league club where average attendance is maybe 300 people . 
  various ways . 
  i usually look at the cost/time and then how many people i 'm traveling with and choose based on that . 
  i 've driven from uk to south of france . 
  i 've taken a train from london to paris i 've driven to austria i 've taken a coach to amsterdam i 've flown from london to newcastle i 've done the same trip a few times using various modes of transport . 
  london dry gin and tonic with a slice of lemon . 
  i have family and friends living in france , netherlands , portugal , germany , greece , spain and denmark . 
  out of those i would probably choose netherlands or denmark . 
  i do n't hate it at all . 
  i have british family and friends living in france , netherlands , portugal , germany , greece , spain and denmark . 
  i love the fact that i can travel to any of those countries and i have family and friends i can stay with . 
  i would hate it if they had to give up their jobs , families , children and lives because they had to move back to england because 52 % of brits think refugees who do n't even speak english are stealing their jobs . 
  depending on what mood i 'm in and what is in my fridge at the time . 
  * peanut butter and chilli sauce * stilton * cheddar and bacon * garlic mushrooms * fried egg always with plenty of fresh crunchy salad . 
  i definitely feel the same about the dutch , we are very similar in a lot of ways . 
  not all the time , no . 
  however there are some characteristics and even the way people dress can be a give away . 
  i spent a lot of time in the netherlands growing up , and can quite often see somebody and just have a feeling they are dutch ( tall , certain style of dress and hair ) , whether i am right or not , i do n't know . 
  scandinavians , iberians , eastern europeans and southern europeans would mostly be quite easy to tell apart . 
  also wherever i am in the world i can tell a brit from a mile away . 
  we take gcse 's when we are 14-16 years . 
  and then college when we are 16-18 years . 
  after that it 's university , which is done at any age , but mostly 19-22 years . 
  i studied ; gcse 's ( highschool ) * english * maths * double science * history * it * drama * art * french * german * pe college * philosophy * government and politics * art ( painting ) * photography university * animation, 
  like england , wales , scotland and northern ireland, 
  i 'd like to see the uk nations have their own specific flairs too . 
  yes , that 's true , but if you wanted to work your jobs would most likely be limited to the english speaking tourism industry . 
  in europe ; england , wales , scotland , ireland , northern ireland and malta . 
  you could get by in a lot of other countries , but if you wanted to work and be able to live a normal life you would have to learn the language . 
  and why would n't you ? 
  having said that a lot of my english family lived in amsterdam for over 20 years and never learnt much dutch , but they were working for british companies which had headquarters in amsterdam . 
  i marched through london along with a million other people in protest to the war and the government at the time still went ahead . 
  it is the main reasons why i , and countless others have not voted for labour at a general election since . 
  if anyone is to invade anywhere they better make damn sure they are 100 % correct in their belief as to why they are invading and make sure they leave whichever country in a better and more stable state than it was in before . 
  i think a lot of problems with have to day such as is is down to uk and us led war in iraq . 
  last night i found a cricket laying eggs in a crack in my windowsill . 
  it was technically outside my house , but was still quite interesting to watch . 
  other then that , the occasional spider or daddy long-legs . 
  not in my wallet , but have for next time i travel . 
  1 x dutch 2 x french, 
  it is a very small minority of brits who do these things . 
  however i have heard a lot more of these stories since brexit . 
  brits have said things to foreigners like `` we voted for you to leave '' , not quite understanding what ` vote leave ' meant . 
  so i imagine it 's mostly far right leaning , uneducated people . 
  i do n't know what we can do about it apart from educate people better and maybe changing the way a lot of our media is run . 
  i have a horrible feeling that things will get a lot worse before things get better . 
  i 'm sure i can speak on behalf of the majority of brits in this country that it 's absolutely disgusting and we should n't stand for it . 
  i honestly do n't think we 'll leave . 
  nice username btw, 
  what continent is switzerland in ? 
  me too, 
  it will literally take us decades to negotiate our way out of the eu and it 's too much of a ball-ache riddled with pitfalls that we will probably end up staying in . 
  i voted to remian, 
  i just saw this . 
  it might help people make a decision . 
  usually a carbonated lemon flavoured drink . 
  it can be a lemon yellow colour or clear . 
  i rent a one bed flat with my girlfriend in the centre of brighton , uk ( smallish city ) . 
  we pay # 400 a month each which covers our rent , gas , electricity , water , internet , tv and council tax . 
  i live in an apartment in the centre of town so my rubbish is collected by the council every 2-3 days . 
  general waste goes in my wheelie bin on the street outside the house . 
  for my recyclables i just put them in a bag by the front door and every few days walk 2 minutes down the road to the bottle bank and recycle my bottles , cans , tins , paper , cardboard and plastics . 
  any organic food waste like vegetable peelings , banana skins etc go into the communal compost bin in the park across the road from my house . 
  that compost is used to grow vegetables for the local community and homeless shelter . 
  it 's a originally pagan festival from britain i believe . 
  so originally was only really celebrated on the british isles . 
  the americans took it over to the new world and really went to town with it . 
  in britain these days i guess it 's more well known for the american style of celebrating halloween , although there are still a handful of people across the uk who still celebrate it in the traditional way . 
  really quite easy . 
  i signed up through a thing called the new enterprise allowance scheme ( nea ) . 
  i went to the job centre with a business plan ( basically i filled in a form they gave me ) , it was approved and they gave me # 70 a week for the first 6 months to help me start . 
  i 've now been trading a full year and although i 'm not making any more money than i would in low paid 40hours/week job i have cut my working hours down to 2/3 days a week , which suits me fine as i 've just had a baby . 
  i prefer subtitled . 
  i 've heard that in some countries they will use the same voice actor to dub everything a particular actor does . 
  can anybody confirm that ? 
  i find the most similar to english in sound and being able to understand basic sentences is dutch . 
  austria was great . 
  i spent a few of summers staying in a house in carinthia with no electricity , half way up a mountain and swimming in the lakes . 
  it was beautiful . 
  no common wealth identity at all . 
  in fact slighty dissappointed by it . 
  definitely more european . 
  i visited family in the australian outback a few year ago . 
  the little towns i visited felt like i was in the wild west of america , all people in cowboy hats and riding on horses , but the people were definitely more british then americans are . 
  it 's strange the australian outback felt like america , but with british people . 
  if i 'm speaking to somebody from my own country , i am brighton though and through . 
  if i 'm speaking to somebody from europe , i am brighton through and through . 
  if i am speaking to an american , i am british , but fully stick up for my european friends . 
  if i am speaking to anybody else , i am british/english . 
  culture-wise i feel closer to france , germany and skandenavia . 
  language-wise i feel closer to the usa, 
  thanks , edited . 
  so it is . 
  thanks for pointing that out .
