  i know you would n't be like that '' i would say it 's ignorant , not racist . 
  first , do n't downvote me for asking for source . 
  in fact , you should give it in the first place . 
  that 's how you get a good healthy debate . 
  and yes , i had never heard of it before . 
   the men overwhelmingly belong to the pakistani community , yet the bbc habitually describe the perpetrators as `` asian '' . 
  well , pakistan is in asia , so technically , they are right . 
  misleading ? 
  yes , since everyone associate asian with chinese/japanese . 
  not at all . 
  did the arab countries recover from the arab spring , and let alone , care ? 
  and what 's in for them , anyway ? 
  european cooperation is n't that well organized on the subject , seeing how italy is alone on this , so good luck for including thoses countries . 
  source please . 
  much needed context . 
  aaaaaand [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k05gpsrse-c ) started playing in my head for some reason . 
  ilves used bow tie !, 
  it 's very effective . 
  to us having nukes now ? 
  for once , the scadinavian are n't in a league on their own . 
  you mean we ca n't say that we are better than the americans and their wall with mexico ? 
  yes , and if we compare their results compared to the last elections , it 's a big step forward . 
  the whole problem with lepen is n't as bad as the caricature of it , eitheir . 
  i remember some foreign news media saying that france was turning neo-nazis when they managed to grab a lot of seats at the european elections . 
  and a more realistic view , she is just a demagogue surfing on the anti-eu trend , which grants her a bit of legitimacy , and the anti immigration policy she yearns for is almost like the fence you have between you and mexico . 
  so i agree with / u/frenchlama ,, 
  `` they do n't want to give us gibraltar back , so we 're taking the falklands ! '', 
  because they wo n't be staying poor ? 
  what you 're saying is like saying 35 years ago that china did n't matter . 
  less dramatically , of course , but the same error . 
  look it up , especially in the communications sector , etc. 
   i 've found that the french seem to have terrible delusions about the importance of their language . 
  no one outside of france , belgium , and switzerland gives two shits about it . 
  yeah , no one gives two shit , instead of canada , vietnam , and you know , that 's place everyone forget all the time , you know , africa and its ~ 15 french speaking countries . 
   it 's a language with horrific grammar and near-impossible pronunciation not like yours is better , or that french is harder than other languages . 
  it 's just you did n't grow with it  and frankly , it 's not a fun or even useful language to learn . 
  all languages are fun and useful to learn . 
   i studied it for ten years , i would know . 
  i 'm glad it 's over . 
  it 's not because you suck at it that it 's bad . 
  i could say everything you say about german , and be as right as you 're . 
  `` nobody gives two shit about germans , except maybe austria , parts of switzerland and luxembourg . 
  their der/die/das system is just stupid and unlogical ''  the attitude seems to be the biggest problem , though . 
  i was fourteen when i last traveled to paris , and i found it absolutely disturbing how the locals would straight up decline to acknowledge my existence if i tried to talk to them in english , and then they 'd laugh at me for trying again with my faulty french . 
  that 's different , well , first , i think every country think that if you want to migrate here , you have to speak the language . 
  i 'm sure it 's on the immigrations paper . 
  and your case is a whole another matter . 
  you built a wall between you and mexico . 
  we 're talking about tourists . 
  if you 're not a refugee , then you should probably speak the language coming here . 
   sometimes you will get scoffed at just for trying . 
  come on , it 's nothing . 
  just smile and it 's fine , people are n't trying to be mean or anything , it 's just strange . 
  that 's a thing human do . 
   to me , it 's still good to speak the basics to show that you 're at least trying and to show courtesy . 
  if they speak english , bingo !, 
  if not , pointing , gestures , and basic phrases will just have to do . 
  that 's our point actually , trying . 
   yes british people wo n't enjoy coming to any nordic country because we all insist on speaking english to them . 
  dunno why you 're bringing that on the table , but the british are in spain . 
  my point was n't exactly about us being nice to the tourist , but more the tourist being nice to us . 
  which is logical , since they are the ones coming here in the end , it must be mutual , but you have to take the iniative and do n't come here like it 's something due to you or like you own the place . 
   how could they possibly enjoy a holiday without having a phrasebook and trying to awkwardly pronounce things in a language they do n't know ? 
   whats even worse was that when i was in france and i tried to speak french to a clerk she scoffed at me . 
  she was asking who the shirt was for and i said `` pour moi '' , which apparently is wrong and should be `` a moi '' . 
  did n't laugh or correct me , just scoffed . 
  having this attitude is just idiotic if you want people to speak your language . 
  it 's not even wrong to say `` pour moi '' . 
  lol . 
  if she did n't correct you , maybe it was n't the reason , maybe just the accent , or maybe your choice of shirt ? 
  maybe it did n't go well with your style , body type , whatever ? 
  maybe it was a girl 's shirt and you 're male , or vice-versa ? 
  all to say , you may be jumping to conclusions . 
  and it 's not like a shop clerk being unpolite to you is proving us wrong . 
  and parisian are just like that ( it was in paris , right ? ) . 
  and do n't forget the city is overun by tourists . 
   having this attitude is just idiotic if you want people to speak your language . 
  well , the shop clerk probably want to make money . 
  i doubt they are concerned about more than that . 
   a country is so much more than just language . 
  yes , but what i was saying that it was an important part of the foundation of any culture . 
  if you 're skipping on that , you 're skipping on a lot . 
  and maybe even getting just a very very superficial outlook of what the culture is about . 
   me trying to speak french adds nothing . 
  that 's where you are wrong , it adds so much more . 
  it 's probably not something you will see if you 're a total beginner , or just here for the day , but once the frustration/difficulty clears off , then it 's great . 
  plus , it 's fun to try . 
   sure hearing locals speak french might add to the experience , but i fail to see how knowing english would stop french people from speaking french to each other . 
  we know how to speak english . 
  like said earlier . 
   to think that people visit france because you refuse to speak english is the most absurd thing i 've heard in a while . 
  what a nice strawman . 
  if you 're `` hearing '' stupid thing , it 's maybe because what you 're hearing is only in your head . 
  i did n't say that at all . 
  i meant to say it 's was part of the charm . 
  it 's pretty cultural , you 're saying it yourself by saying that only us frenchie do that . 
  it 's part of our culture , and you 're here for the culture , no ? 
   if anything it greatly contributes to the whole `` the french are arrogant '' stereotype . 
  well , we are not . 
  maybe you met arrogant ones , if you visited paris .
