  because it 's not . 
  wine producers are n't exactly farmers ... 
   thus they are simultaneously the best country on earth and everything they do is the best / correct way to do it . 
  pretty ironic coming from an american . 
  never head a french yelling `` france , num\u00e9ro un '' or anything like that . 
  shame on you for this crappy title . 
  france and germany are the most populated countries . 
  the uk is third . 
  so the russian saying the revolution was led by neo nazis was n't 100 % propaganda , then ? 
   recently , though they 've become more popular because of rise in patriotism over the country and chechen batalions fighting against ukrainian army . 
  yes , i was surprised when i saw the news talking about them . 
  i thought they would hate russia , but no , they were to help . 
  well , i did n't know that , and anyway , i was just trying to explain / u/selfhatingyank 's confusion, 
  the article says bosnia and herzegovina, 
  germany ? 
  we can mount a coalition with the germans . 
  do n't worry , help is on the way . 
  let 's just hope there is enough space in the eurostar for tanks . 
  do n't you say he is one of the greatest intellectual because he is an anarchist and you agree with his ideas ? 
  if so , it 's a self confirming way to put it . 
  yay , our fault again . 
  [ germany passed japan became the country with the lowest birth rate not too long ago . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962 ) so not really . 
  we are the most efficient with ireland . 
  step 5 '' : drunk british tourists throwing up in local foutains . 
  yes and no ? 
  i mean , the only movies that i can think of , made in france about ww2 are ; la grande vadrouille , la septi\u00e8me compagnie ( well , the three movies ) , indig\u00e8nes and maybe the documentary series apocalypse . 
  the first ones really do n't take themselves seriously , indig\u00e8nes is a reminder about the soldiers coming from africa that died for france and the last ones is a documentary series ( and a great one too ) we did n't make band of brothers , saving private ryan , the longest day or a bridge too far . 
  ( and all of thoses are good and not really propaganda . ), 
  we watched them and enjoyed them , though . 
  but the propaganda machine is n't that strong in france . 
  well , maybe propaganda was stronger a few decades ago , but as twenty year old , i did n't see people glorifying our role in ww2 all that much . 
  even on the comics side , i kbow of maus or il \u00e9tait une fois en france , and all the ones portraying ww1 for the horror it was , not really something like captain america . 
  in the end , i know a lot of people in france do n't know all that much about ww2 , and a lot of us do n't know the nazis lost more people in stalingrad alone that on the whole fight in the western front . 
  but the average french look on it would be more of a laugh about we sucked about the whole thing than a serious over the top speech about the resistance . 
  at least , in my experience . 
  yes , cause you liberated us before the russians . 
  it 's totally your fault , shame on you . 
   we did have a pretty badass anti-fascist resistance that flared up when the nazi occupied northern italy , which is what our later government and new constitution was founded on . 
  it definitely pisses me off though , what the regime did here , and even more when some people try to minimize it , i did n't even know about that . 
  step 5 : drunk british tourists . 
  i think the author just did n't do the research . 
   i think he said something like the eu has always grown in crises . 
  sounds true to me . 
  where does this `` haircut '' expression come from ? 
  poland to the rescue !, 
  the true freedom fries . 
  are we supposed to call the germans germanmans ? 
  maybe the uk does n't want serbia in the eu and did it on purpose , so it 's great timing instead ? 
  * put tinfoil hat on *, 
  the guy is talented . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/wbwip86prq8?t=1m10s ), 
  it 's strange , `` ni '' mean yes , and `` oxi '' means no . 
  i thought it was the other way around ( since ni is pretty close from no ) i got confused for a while, 
  if you need to bring ww2 on the table to make a point , i think you 're really running short of arguments . 
  germany was just another participant . 
  not really more responsible than france , russia , or even the uk . 
  and yes , because that crisis started the war , if it was n't that , then another thing would have sparkled it , a few year later , sure , but it 's the starting point . 
  oh yeah , germany started ww1, 
  war . 
  in the end , it 's mostly the way he argued , than what he is arguing for that is wrong . 
  we call dibs the historical sites . 
  to compete with the british museum and to protect them from golden dawn and isis / s there must be a few good marbles left , right ? 
  yes , and do this kind of warning even work ? 
  i mean , on an individual level , we figured that threat does n't really work , even something like the death penalty does n't work as a deterrent . 
  so why `` warnings '' like that would work , on such a bigger scale ? 
  especially since it does n't looks like to me that portugal , spain , italy ( or any country , really ... ) have their economies under control so it 's not like making an `` example '' would better their economies . 
  seems like an oversimplification to me . 
  even if the bold move number 2 could balance bold move number one ( i do n't even know about how much money we are talking about here ) , it would n't solve all the other problems plaguing greece 's economy . 
  so maybe it would be `` poor people in a poor country now that the rich fled '' ? 
  well , i followed your advice , and my opinion somewhat changed . 
  stiil , he ca n't just brush off ww2 , the most destructive war in human history , as `` nonsense '' , no matter what he says , the context and circumstances are totally different . 
  especially with the ussr * / cold war not being around anymore too . 
  but still , his ideas are interesting , even if the way he tries to promote them is strange . 
  ( what 's that , a guilt trip approach ? 
  and using ww2 too ? 
  i dismissed the entire thing just by reading the tittle , and did n't even read the article and i 'm probably not alone ... maybe not the best strategy to spread your idea ) restructring debts in the eu seems like a good idea to my novice eyes , i somewhat thought that the whole debt things was something that could be sorted out if people wanted to . 
  i guess it was n't what greece was proposing , though ? 
  sorry , did i miss ww3 ? 
  the context is different . 
  and what thoses `` bold moves '' would be ? 
  the feeling it 's a victory over germany/other creditors ? 
  that typo confused me . 
  it 's like the full moon for werewolves . 
  we ca n't resist . 
  yes , and too often , it seems like they are putting sentence just to fill space . 
  get to the point , goddammit . 
  and some many links to other articles that do n't go any deeper eitheir , it 's like the website is designed to make me waste my time . 
  and i 'm not talking only about buzzfeed and cie, 
  nah ... what an ai would do ? 
  for now , even the biggest computer are n't as smart as our brains , granted , we will get there , but it 's not like as soon an ai is developped , it would unleash doomsday weapons on the world , this is not a terminator movie . 
  if we figure how to create some , you can be sure it will be replicated . 
  then ai will start to spawn around , diy style . 
  and you have to take into account how gradual the change will be , after some time , ai will ( maybe ) be as common as smartphones or computers ... 
  [ poor romania ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/2/2b/0yoou.png/revision/latest?cb=20150406164432 ), 
  `` the only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is its inefficiency '' i hope the same applies to surveillance or bad laws concerning the internet . 
  well , you could say it was a joke and whoosh me if you want , but you looked like the good old captain obvious to me with your first comment . 
  i mean , your comment is as pointless as mine is . 
  that comment section , though . 
  funnily , `` drone '' originally meant `` bee '' in english .
