  i 'm not for melenchon , his programm is too naive for me . 
  do n't start lecturing me about things you do n't know . 
  so , really , and pretty ironically , it 's your own bias talking ... who would have thought ? 
  i 'm just saying that trusting this particular poll that says macron won is somewhat dishonest/wrong . 
  when i read international news , they always support macron/says he 's popular , etc , but not really . 
  rip my inbox . 
  happened for two messages too, 
  zut, 
  and he won the election . 
  why do everyone keep coming back to this 3 millions ? 
  that 's how the us system works , not a new thing . 
  if anything , how the systems works is something that should have been factored in ( maybe it was ) , and that 's another argument saying the polls are shit if they really did n't consider that . 
  it 's not a real defence . 
  he won , they said he would n't , they were wrong , period . 
  1157 person is n't `` thousands '' . 
  also , if they choose what crowds they will select the people in , it 's pretty easy . 
  saying this is `` conspiracy shit '' is pretty naive and clogs the debate , / u/warff _ concern are pretty valid , especially since , again , he/she did n't say it was complete bollocks , but pointed out factors that could sway it ... gee , the low number of people interrogated already says this poll is shit to me . 
  that elabe poll , for bfmtv , had 1157 voters . 
  it was from `` telespectateurs '' , so bfmtv watchers ? 
  the tf1 one had way more people voting , and since everyone was watching , it was n't the usual tf1 crowd ( bfmtv ca n't say that ) . 
  of cpurse , people coupd just have decided to brigade this shit , but anyhow , not really more untrustworthy than the elabe one ... ( both are bad , really ) i also do n't get the trumpland attack ? 
  i mean , the media all said he would lose , and he won ... 
  were n't the media polls using `` statisitical method '' ? 
  if anything , it shows that thoses `` scientific '' polls are bullshit . 
  also , remember when the `` fake news '' was a thing used by the left to attack breibart & cies ? 
  trump just hijacked it and the left stopped using it ... saying that he has an hardon is bs too , so what , we ca n't criticize media reporting ? 
  what are you saying ? 
  he/she did n't support anyone , he just gathered some polls because he/she was asked to . 
  the fact that the poll have very different results shows that there are bias , one way or the other ... 
  biased for , biased against , whatever ... and well , he/she was n't saying `` thoses particular poll are biased and wrong '' , but more `` polls in general are biased so beware '', 
  do you wish for plan b : '' we drop our pants and open the buttcheeks ? '', 
  of course it 's going to be bad like that , that 's the point of threats ... 
  then when do you stop ? 
  if in a city , one district is chinese and the others vietnamese , should they be independent ? 
  culture and being proud of your history is n't everything . 
  especially in europe , where everything has a long history ... look up the term `` balkanization '' , it 's a big question . 
  poe 's law , then . 
  normally , we have clues like body movement , tone , and facial expression to guess , but not on the internet . 
  personally , i thought you were n't dead on serious about it , but i did n't see the tongue in cheek part eitheir . 
  so no , not `` clearly '' ( and it 's strange to say that about your own comment , do n't you think ? ), 
  i think the irony is that you think saying one gender is wiser than the other is n't sexist . 
  but there are basically totally the same thing , right ? 
  haha , no, 
  verizon , now the official internet provider mondially, 
  quite the opposite , once we get to others planets , or even just rotating habitats in our own solar system , independence movements willpop up everywhere ... 
  the population keep increasing , and really , looking at our recent history , i do n't see the unifcation tendency . 
  between decolonisation and the fall of the urss , conflicts like yougoslavia , and even before that , empire like austria hungary and the ottomans blowing up , i see quite the opposite . 
  taking your wish for reality , mate . 
  je comprends que c'est l'original , mais ca reste bizarre . 
  it looks , uh ... `` special '' . 
  what are you refering to ? 
  who was invited on a talkshow for a nazi salute ? 
  i 'm interested in seeing that , link please . 
  being ignored ? 
  we see people even ignoring other people in danger sometimes , by the bystander effect , here , he 's not even agressing someone , he 's just making a sign . 
  frankly , i personally would have just walked past, 
  i laughed, 
  we were seriously thinking about putting a baguette on our flag . 
  they increased it a bit here not so long ago . 
  huge uproar , even for french standard . 
  i say that the uk is n't part of the glorious top category as they are on the line . 
  deal ? 
  italy 's and france 's are n't that good . 
  until the king is overthrown for an emperor . 
  imagine the smurfs if they all were french people parodies . 
  yes !, 
  it seems.it 's supposed to be a fleur de lys , but it 's really three lines . 
  haha , this exactly what i meant . 
  you do n't know anything about ww1 , yet you still talk shit . 
  you using the mutinies of all things proves that you do n't know your history . 
  this thread is a perfect example of outrage culture . 
  it 's okay for you guys to bash france all over this thread for something that happened 32 years ago , and make alternative history where you `` saved '' france in both ww1 and ww2 ( right , no french soldiers in thoses trenches ) you 're probably so far up your own asses that you do n't see how that 's insulting too , but hey , you have the moral highground on your high horse , go ahead . 
  also , you need to understand what gratitude is . 
  that your grandpa died to help my great grandpa does n't mean i have to bend over to you . 
  if anything , your grandpa did something for me ( decades before i was even born ) , and you did n't . 
  i do n't know who he is , but one thing is sure , whatever gratitude i have for him does n't extend to you . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  what did new zealand do in ww1 beside getting killed en masse by the ottomans on the beaches of galipoli ? 
  you did n't save our asses at all as for ww2 , true , france got rekt , like all the countries who did n't have an sea or or an ocean between them and the nazis , or are the ussr . 
  `` saving our asses '' while the nazis were getting steamrolled on the eastern front ? 
   your state sponsored terrorism programme was there more than one attack ? 
  ( honest question ) , because it 's not a programme then . 
  beside , despite all the outrage in this thread , calling secret service actions terrorism is still pushing the definition , imho . 
  feel free to downvote so you can have the highground . 
   i 'm not even saying it was justified ( i did n't touch that subject ) i know . 
  i do too . 
   only that it does n't fit the definition of terrorism , not every criminal act that involves a bomb is terrorism . 
  yup , but you have to expain everything , otherwise , people will start to get outraged about stuff you `` implied '', 
   government would publicly kill you for following your conscience . 
  that 's wrong . 
  you 're messing the intents and the results . 
  killing them was n't the objective of the mission , it was to prevent them from going in the test zone by sinking the ship.the guy who died , did because he went back to get his material after the first bomb blew up . 
  if killing them was the goal , then they would have blown the 2 bombs at the same time , at least . 
  and there are plenty of others options available . 
  i would also say that `` publicly '' is wrong . 
  it only ended being public because they got caught . 
   are you kidding that this was n't terrorism ? 
  like you diagnosed it yourself , it 's semantics , and we are talking definitions . 
  no one ( at least , me and / u/atred ) is saying what they did was justified or that it was n't bad . 
  making judgement about an entire country from comments on the internet , uh ?
