  so asia and africa . 
  and since more people live there than outside , it can be considered the norm . 
  in that case , you have to wonder why it is not happening here the subject is complicated , and to this day , even scientists studying the question are still pretty much in the dark about why some people are gays . 
  just why ? 
  without blaming it or anything . 
  and if scientists ca n't really answer the question , how can you blame someone who think it 's against nature ? 
  you can blame him if he goes and bash someone 's head for that , because , laws . 
  but homophobia by itself is just a lot more complicated . 
  not something you can explain in three lines . 
   which is what i was explaining , in russia homophobia exists because of the machismo culture . 
  sorry if this is hard for you to understand . 
  that where i was asking for sources . 
  you 're just saying like it 's fact , and all the other possible factors can go fuck themselves . 
   that must be why all cultures are the same then !, 
  yeah , i totally said that . 
  / s i was talking the relation between cultures and gays right , and it 's pretty unanimous so far . 
  it 's frowned upon pretty much everywhere . 
  thus , on that point , we are n't that different . 
   please stop kidding yourself , there are massive differences between russian and french culture . 
  again , i did n't say french culture and russian culture are the same . 
  only that when it comes to gay rights , the processus is the same . 
  we are just at a different stage . 
  so try to understand what i 'm trying to say , okay ? 
   that is n't to say that culture can not change , it absolutely can . 
  but i 'm under no illusion that russian culture is as equally progressive as france 's . 
  which you seem to be . 
  no , it 's just that progress is n't something determined by culture . 
  i think that 's the idea i 'm trying to fight since the first post . 
   do you even know what machismo means ? 
  i know what the word means , but people give it different meaning . 
  do you choose the meaning when it 's synonym of virility or the one synonym of male extremism ? 
  and it 's just a word , and a word ca n't describe a phenomenom precisely enough . 
  and if it 's used by people that use like a quick and easy explanation , then it does n't mean much . 
   because you were born in france , no one else is allowed to say anything about france ... ever . 
  you can say whatever you want , and so do i , thus , me answering . 
  did i write somewhere `` i hereby forbid you to talk about french culture '' ? 
  and it 's a conversation between you and me , so `` no one else '' is n't right . 
  neitheir is `` ever '' . 
  you complained that i put words that were n't yours at the start of your post , but this is worse . 
   even if they have a phd in lets say , french cultural and political studies ? 
  well , do you ? 
  and since we are talking about russia , not france , do you have one in russian cultural and political studies ? 
  i just brought that example since i live here , so i can see homophobia in my daily life . 
   you seem to be getting very touchy . 
  perhaps you should stop replying until you calm down abit . 
  i may seems like it , but i 'm not . 
  and anyway you ca n't judge that on text alone . 
  i will admit i wrote my first comment a little too fast . 
  but if we are talking about what our comments seems like ; `` france adheres to a strict form of secularism , known as la\u00efcit\u00e9 , which is designed to keep religion out of public life . 
  this principle was entrenched by law in 1905 , after fierce anti-clerical struggles with the roman catholic church . '', 
  seems pretty condenscending to me . 
  especially with that `` know as '' . 
  i learned that in school like any french kid , so like i said , you do n't need to explain that to me . 
   i have no idea what this even relates too ... 
  i have said nothing about democracy . 
  so we are talking about the differences between two countries and you do n't see the relation between that discussion and what form of governement is in place and why it could matter ? 
  i 'm starting to think that you ca n't see that they are plenty of other factors than simply culture in a society ... whatever that word means to you , it seems the word is all encompassing in your head . 
   that 's what happens in a progressive society , society progresses . 
  russian conservatism has stayed approximately the same since the pan-slavic movement during the mid 1800 's . 
  you are mistaking consequences for causes . 
   please stop lying . 
  please start interpreting . 
  word ca n't convey everything . 
  i wo n't consider that lying , since the rest of the comment matters too . 
  it 's about who 's in office since thoses people are going to take decisions for the rest of the population . 
  and intrinsically , who 's in office is determined by how many people support that government . 
  sentences can have different meaning depending on contexts . 
   we are n't talking about gay marriage ... 
  it 's a subject close enough to appear in a conversation . 
  and the point i was trying to make was still that france is divided on the subject too . 
  it 's just that the ones against are losing in france , and in russia , they are winning . 
   and please `` provide a source '' ? 
  http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/mariage_homosexuel_en_france do you need a phd to know that sarkozy and his right wing government would n't have tried if they won the election ? 
   well i 'm sorry if you or any russians are offended by what i say . 
  i just do n't like it when i see europeans acting like everything in europe is great and always was , and that if thing are otherwise in other countries , it 's because of their culture . 
   that wo n't stop me saying it however . 
  you can voice your opinion as much as you want , but you 're not qualified to explain why and say thing like `` russian culture is based heavily on machismo , homosexuality is seen as contradictory to that in russia . 
  ergo homosexuality is contradictory to russian culture . '', 
  thus , me asking for source from someone more credible than a random internet stranger . 
  three fucking lines and writing more like it 's a truth than your opinion . 
  no `` i think that '' , just `` it is '' . 
  and with an understanding as basic than what you 've shown during this little exchange , you ca n't say things like `` you do n't know much about russian culture do you . '', 
  and i do n't need to be qualified myself to call you on your bullshit . 
   russian culture is based heavily on machismo , homosexuality is seen as contradictory to that in russia . 
  ergo homosexuality is contradictory to russian culture . 
  nice and simple . 
  let 's sum the russians by `` they 're just machos '' . 
  well done . 
  and you just ignored my `` since '' and all it entails ... 
  i guess it makes it easier to answer ... also , no source or anything , just spouting whatever you like . 
   france adheres to a strict form of secularism , known as la\u00efcit\u00e9 , which is designed to keep religion out of public life . 
  this principle was entrenched by law in 1905 , after fierce anti-clerical struggles with the roman catholic church . 
  that is why you have the burqa ban . 
  it is n't just about `` who is in office '' . 
  you know , it 's my country , so you of all people do n't need to explain that to me ... 
  but here 's the thing if you 're in a democracy , if a significant chuck of the population is against something , be it for religious reason or not , then it 's going to have an impact . 
  in fact , you do n't even need to be in a democracy for that , that 's just we humans organize ourselves ... , some people protests against gay marriage ? 
  at least 30 % are against it ? 
  ( and i think i 'm being generous here . 
  i think that percentage is higher ) you can say that we 're homophobic too .
