  you are n't very smart , are you ? 
  well , it includes it , expect here , it 's carried by a state , against its own citizens ( at least in part ) i mean , if it 's proven true that assad gazed his citizen , would it be terrorism ? 
  what about hitler ? . stalin ? 
  kim jung un ? 
  i mean , there was terrorism carried by iran , and now by isis ( a `` state '' , at least in name , and supported by people in saudi arabia from what i read ) , but it 's not between democracies against each other . 
  so yeah , repression . 
  there should n't be problem to use the term for what it was created for . 
  but in general , it 's used wrongly . 
  here , the guy he answered to talked about people in other thread '', 
  i think what he means is that cryptofascist is a term thrown around like `` alt right '' or `` nazis '' way too much . 
  it 's not that fascists do n't exist anymore , but if you look at what is labelized as such everywhere on the internet , you see that the term is losing credibility . 
  but hey , who care ? 
  thoses who point that out will be downvoted into oblivion , does n't if it 's against the spirit of the rule of reddit ( not a dislike button ) just my 2 cents . 
  i guess that the location is important here , but really , this is repression more than it is terrorism . 
  do n't understimate the gustav side of the force . 
  seize the mean of production . 
  do n't try it . 
  bastia has been like this since the french took it in 1789 . 
  sad !, 
  we only care about football , though . 
  neitheir do we enjoy walking in thousand of km in the forest . 
  germanic , yes german ? 
  a non agression pact is n't an alliance . 
  if anything , needing one shows that tensions are somewhat high . 
  at least , in that case , everybody knew it was a facade and that war would follow . 
  well , ww1 , ww2 . 
  the eu could explode , would still be minor compared to that, 
  because the other topics are eitheir stalemates , trench warfare between two sides , or/and unsolvable . 
  for example , the economy , or maybe immigration . 
  controversial topics like that are a good way to distinguish yourself . 
  same stuff that being for gay-marriage on the other side . 
  also , maybe not an `` obsession '' , as she is quitting after all . 
  ( probably just for a while ), 
  her bread and butter seems to be `` christian values '' , for example , she 's against abortion . 
  i know right ? 
  what a fucking narcissist , trying to keep the spotlight to spread his ideas and get people to vote for them in the legislatives . 
  lol , no . 
  right now , he has very little support . 
  25 % did n't go to vote . 
  4,2 million blank vote . 
  and that 's with the fn scare . 
  if you look at the first round , he had n't much eitheir . 
  for example , i read that ajusted for blank vote , etc , he had maybe 18 % of the population that wanted him . 
  and again , with the fn scare and utilitarian vote . 
  from what i see , a lot wanted him just because `` extreme '' candidate like melenhon or lepen were too extreme . 
  and hamon and fillon had problems . 
  ( the ps sucking forb5 years and a money scandal ) , he 's a by default candidate . 
  ***  macron has a lot work to do , and a lot of controversial decision ahead of him for which the french will hate him . 
  but if he does n't do that , they 'll hate him even more . 
  most of the people did n't want him in power . 
  they just did n't want lepen even more . 
  he already is `` hated '' , and said he would force some reforms he wants ( aka gouverner par ordonnance ) . 
  if you thought hollande 's rating in the poll was bad , wait a bit for macron . 
  i say it 's going to be at least as bad . 
  also , drop the `` work to be done '' . 
  it makes it sound like he is a pragmatic guy doing reforms that are absolutely needed . 
  in reality , the country is n't that much in the gutter , and he will do his politics , so , his `` solutions '' to what he identifies as `` problems '' . 
  ( for example , gutting the laws protecting the worker ) let 's see what happens during the legislatives , but the next 5 years will be fun to watch . 
  anyhow , please drop the `` savior of france and europe '' meme , guys . 
  merkel is better than macron , tho . 
  yes , but the guy i was answering is belgian , so i was thinking about if he was a dutch or french speaking one . 
  or maybe one if the 0,4 % who speaks german as first language , if you insist, 
  we got plenty of space . 
  france is bigger than germany , but our population is lower . 
  and that 's not even taking account places like guyana . 
  japan managed to pack 120 million people on tiny island half the size of metropolitan france , and the island is full of moutains and they are all on the coast ... 
  pretty possible . 
  also , about paris . 
  look up its history . 
  a lot of defensives lines hindered its growth as distance is concerned . 
  the `` le dessous des cartes '' 4 parts series on it is great , if you speak french . 
  it is , but you 're not supposed to admit that . 
   and what if every country did the same with germany only buying from germany and sweden only buying from sweden ? 
  it would n't happen . 
  foreign trade existed before the eu . 
  and we trade with non eu countries . 
   we need it for stability no , not necessarily . 
  are all the other countries 's trade outside the eu unstable ? 
   i would hate to go back to when all of europe was fighting with each other ah , the `` peace in europe '' argument . 
  it 's bs , imho . 
  let 's just take germany . 
  ww1 , an empire . 
  ww2 , the fourth reich . 
  now , it is a democracy , and democracy do n't go to war with each other . 
  the internal context changed . 
  as for the international context , oh boy . 
  between the rise of the us , the rise and fall of the ussr , nukes , decolonisation , etc , it 's a whole different world . 
  what would cause a war between us ? 
  there is nothing to remotely warrant a war unless you have a crazy dicatator in power . 
  and how does the eu prevent it exactly ? 
   and because it drives the economy of all of europe . 
  arguable . 
  i wonder what the greek , portugues , spaniard would think of this . 
  also , even big countries like france or germany compromise a lot . 
  for example , the euro is too high for us , but too low for the germans . 
  same for all other countries i guess . 
   this can not be done if countries can not exchange goods and services with each other on equal terms . 
  so , i guess trade outside the eu is basically plunder ? 
  it totally can be done . 
  *** if you want to argue for the eu , you have plenty to do .
