  is n't russia yelling `` we are a modern and important country '' ? 
  of course , in the article , by modernization , he talks about the modernization of the people , but putin is working on that too , since he 's trying to promote again a `` russian '' identity . 
  ** tl ; dr : i think russia is just in a bad period and will continue like it always did . 
  not trying to find a new raison d'\u00eatre ( i disagree with this concept a bit too . 
  countries can be the best for a period , then be lagging behind in another period . 
  lagging behind for an extended period of time does n't change that ) **, 
  so , nobody was aware this existed apart from people living in poland ? 
  it 's the number one reason why i 'm against it . 
  i just copy pasted it into the translator . 
  i grasped the meaning of the sentence though . 
  '' `` from the speech detection , the [ ... ] from australia , israel , japan , canada , the republic of korea , new zealand and the united states of america , andorra , honduras , monaco and san marino also investigate willing spouses are exempt from . '' '', 
  lol, 
  there are subtitles . 
  edit : were they added after this post ? 
  man , my german sucks . 
  i will believe you on this one . 
  maybe it 's * against * china . 
  english almost do n't count , since you can speak it in all international cities . 
  well , it 's an enormous amount , i know it 's not money spent on welfare for the citizen , but well , if it was not spent on the world cup , it would just stay in the oligarch 's pocket . 
  and i enjoyed sotchi ceremony , so i 'm looking forward for 2018 . 
  by not giving a fuck about wealth repartition and doing whatever the fuck you want to do with the country 's budget . 
  ~ ~ so it was the fault of the swiss all along ! ~ ~, 
  liechtenstein might as well be considered a part of swiss . 
  yes . 
  what i was saying is that , from what i know , the us is trying to renforce the `` triad '' ( japan and some others south east countries like hong kong or south korea , the us and europe ) i think it 's relevant in discussion about ttip/tafta . 
   i am sorry , for long post , just wanted to share , the horror of seeing ukraine slowly retreating in the information war . 
  do n't be . 
  i like substancial post . 
  and well , it 's not even that long in the first place . 
  for all involved except the minorities . 
  good post . 
  i was questionning myself the `` legitimacy '' of ukraine , since what i found on the wikipedia page was basically `` it was russian land until the end of the urss '' , and that ukraine is quite big . 
   but you can go to berlin and speak just french as an eu citizen . 
  as a tourist , yes . 
  but find a french living/working in berlin , he will speak german fluently . 
   now the funny thing is , if you 're a japanese you 're exempted from the law too . 
  or american , canadian , australian , israeli , korean , ... 
  source ? 
  i do n't know anything about that . 
   this was of course never about language , and as you can see they 're not even trying very hard to make it look as if . 
  after reading the article , i saw the thing as rectifying an old law which is not relevant anymore . 
  no , more like the eu court bitching about something which was done back in 2007 and seemed perfectly logical and fair to me . 
  i think the laws to enter the country should be the same for all , but if there 's others exceptions for `` first world '' countries 's citizen , then you 're right , it 's not about languages . 
  i 'm waiting for the sources . 
  if enough people manifest against it all over europe , i think we can stop it . 
  we succeded with acta . 
  of course , they are trying to make it enter again by the backdoors under another name and all , but widly spreaded manifestation can work . 
  is n't it everything but fishing laws ? 
  -5,9 for japan ? 
  i thought the us were trying to sign a similar agreement with them . 
  another perfectly uneducated and pompous opinion . 
  because guess what ? 
  i 'm issued from immigration , probability is that i know much more about muslims than you , since there is good part of the community where i live is muslim . 
  i do n't want to use the typical phrase : `` i 'm not racist , proof , i have muslims friends '' but the truth is that i do , most of them are in fact . 
  and you know , because it 's `` legally confirmed '' does n't mean it 's right . 
  so do n't stereotype my * opinion * like that . 
  you ca n't disassociate the soviet union and the cold war . 
  if you talk about one , you must talk about the other . 
  well , there is anti-russia propaganda in eu/nato 's countries too . 
  to answer your question , just do n't listen to the media `` breaking news '' and try to learn more about history , i guess . 
   i think it 's even stronger feeling of belonging than citizens of eu countries feeling about eu as a whole , because there is single dominating language and thus a lot of shared cultural `` products '' . 
  yeah apart from the eu enthusiast , there is not that much of an `` eu feeling '' . 
  french feel french and german feel german . 
   average western european or american obviously do not understand eastern europe , it 's contexts , this war . 
  true . 
  i knew nothing about eastern europe until i took interest in it with ukraine 's crisis . 
  a few month back , i would n't even be able to place some countries on the map . 
  it was just some kind of scrapy countries out of the soviet union for me . 
  history before that ? 
  i knew nothing . 
  of course i 'm still pretty ignorant , but from what i learned since then , i can see how much the average french do n't know/give a fuck about eastern europe unless it 's the front page of the news . 
  thoses newspaper tell you is that the cold war is over , and putin is just an evil autocrats , blah blah blah . 
  but the cold war and the soviet union are still relevant to understand this . 
   i would like to hear your opinion on this topic . 
  do you think it is possible to provide viable , sustainable and culturally attractive project of economical and political collaboration for the borderlands ? 
  not so long ago , i saw someone on the tv saying that '' poland should become the third motor of the eu along france and germany '' it makes sense . 
  from what i know , all the ex soviet states are growing steadily , not really on their own , but it 's their effort . 
  so i would say `` yes , it 's possible '' but it depends of what the borderland countries want to do . 
  they have to be at the start of the projects , not the eu telling them what to do . 
   i did n't see the need for putin to have a `` russian empire '' just for the sake of having an empire . 
  when the fuck in history someone needed an empire ? 
  poor guys . 
  even if they had `` military '' training , it 's nowhere near enough . 
  i guess the purpose was mostly the usual `` round them up and send them fight '' . 
  agreement or not , i think it 's pretty dumb . 
  if you live here , you have to speak the local language . 
  i do n't see why the exception is here in the first place . 
  even in europe with shengen etc , i wo n't go in berlin and speak just french . 
  and here , it 's an exception only for turkish . 
  the german governement should just implant this law . 
  it 's self-reported data . 
  the people saying `` sure , i speak french '' since they studied it but are not really able to communicate effectively are included . 
  yeah , and luxembourg surely have better statistics on its citizen than france . 
  and it 's a tiny country , so it 's easier . 
  i want a lithuanian opinion on that , seriously , it 's not much from our viewpoint , but hey , you ca n't just set it like it 's in the rest of the eu . 
  they will adjust it with the growth of their economy . 
  and anyway , they just converted their minimum wage into $ uro . 
  or it 's just a big us-fucking-eastern-countries-in-the-ass ? 
  from where is the `` u wot m8 '' ? 
  nope , i was just putting emphasis on the continuity .
