  not at the same level than russia , of course , but you ca n't brush thoses people under the rug . 
  culturally , they represent french culture just as much as i do . 
  and if you go back a little , you will see that percentage getting higher and higher . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that 's the exact same thing for any culture on earth , that `` machismo '' you 're talking about . 
  if you disagree , please , give me some sources . 
  so yes , it is n't just about who 's in office , and by the way , please note ** that 's not what i said at all ** ( so that 's a strawman . 
  and if hollande was n't elected , then no gay marriage in france , another thing you should n't willingfully ignore like it 's nothing . 
  anyway , saying it 's their culture it 's just lazy and just another cheap jab at russia . 
  i disagree with thoses policies , but let 's not be hypocrites here . 
  i would n't say discrimination against gay is really part of the russian culture , since it 's something happening in a lot of other places . 
  when we passed the law in france , we got religious people protesting against it , the difference is just who is in office ... well , that , with its share of statistic , and all . 
  anyway , to answer , no , not that much , but my guess is that you do n't know a lot yourself . 
  dude , i 'm pretty sure they fully expected that , and did it anyway ... that 's the point of it . 
  not really ? 
  it 's not like the police shot thoses guy , so not `` all '' i will take my downvotes and see myself out . 
  is n't that song more critical toward the current generation than in his honor ? 
  do n't thank us , we are just doing our job . 
  it 's like tourists carving their names on really old buildings . 
  should n't be allowed ... 
  a [ dane tried that ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_canute_and_the_waves ), 
  it looks tasty . 
  not really ? 
  india has like 9 times the population russia has , from what i know , i would say their relationship are friendly , and they are doing business together , but not like india was under russian influence . 
  the indians just chose the better planes . 
   selling planes to india is a mixed bag . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
   i 'll take the plane planes * , there are 56 of them, 
  and freedom fries . 
  v for vendetta would be a better example , since children of men 's plot is based on the inability of the people to make childrens . 
  silly greek naming their country like that stuff fat people are made of . 
  well , france is n't norway . 
  we have one of the most powerful army in the world , nukes , and a permanent seat at the un security council . 
  it 's like we are ought to show off a bit ... what surprises me is that the us does n't hold parades like that . 
  we do it , the uk too . 
  russia and china ? 
  yup . 
  but not the us . 
  googled it up and found articles claiming he was the richest man in the world . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  a football match . 
  ( not eggball ), 
  well , in our case , it 's just that we do n't want to win . 
  then said country is acting like a 12 years old ... 
  i did n't know the benelux had something like this . 
   it would be the end of the world as we know it . 
  the end of an era , maybe , but not of the world as we know it . 
  geopolitics changed before , and will in the future too , it 's nothing new . 
  we can ship one of our guillotine if you want to !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtqfgd3g6dg ), 
  france does n't . 
  cold war ii ? 
  i think the ussr would have won without the uk and the us . 
  yes , the us economical support was really important , but it just shortened the war . 
  if it was a case of normal warfare , and that the german treated the local population humanely , maybe the ussr would have negocied peace after its first defeat , but seeing what the german did ? 
  no way , the ussr would have fought to the last man if it needed to . 
  and we saw what a geared up ussr can do . 
  would have been such a bloodier conflict . 
  upvoted for fact . 
   and america won the cold war more like the ussr lost it . 
  like we needed the eu to tell us that it 's bad . 
  googled it and got a district of berlin . 
  am i missing the joke ? 
  with `` combien coute '' , i got a car related thing ( car registration document and the test , bsr , you have to pass before getting it ) . 
  not even close to complex . 
  they could have explained a bit better though . 
  one paragraph would be enough , or just the formula and what each term stands for . 
  what supercarriers ? 
   i did n't downboat you . 
  i do n't downvote people on reddit . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  oh , so it was n't you ? 
  i just assumed since it happened rather quickly . 
   sure , they 'd be `` technically right '' if they called them human too . 
  the bbc and the rest of the liberal press describe them as `` asian '' because do otherwise would be to open themselves up to the accusation of racism . 
  which as we know , is one of the more heinous crimes . 
  protecting community relations is more important than preventing them raping underaged girls . 
  i agree , it 's totally fucked up . 
  i 'm more on the left than right , but would be more or less centrist . 
  it annoy the hell out of me when things get too politically correct . 
   oh . . one other thing . 
  there are some people in the uk who describe indians/pakistanis as `` asian '' . 
  it 's by no means universal . 
  but it gives the bbc a handy defence from accusations of a cover-up . 
  asian is a well-known term for a person of south indian descent !, 
  right . 
  they should just have said pakistani . 
  or better , not mentioned it at all . 
  ( you ca n't argue with that . ), 
   other crimes more prevalent in certain ethnicities are also hushed up for exactly the same reasons . 
  gun and knife crime in the black community in the uk is well known but not often discussed by a press who do n't want to be seen oppressing a downtrodden minority group . 
  or crimes like that do n't make for great news . 
   the only time i 've seen it brought up is when ukips nigel farage forced the issue in a radio debate , and was roundly condemned for `` promoting hostility '' or whatever it is . 
  these facts are a thorn in the side of those who have invested in the ideology of multiculturalism . 
  well , that 's the only thing he 's got to say , anyway , and yes , you could say he 's promoting hostility . 
  maybe he has point , but overall , he is just a demagogue . 
  while i lived in northen france , a little village , me and my brothers and mom were the only non-white . 
  everything was fine , really . 
  maybe a bit frowned upon , but never directly racist comments . 
  except for once , some guys started burning cars in the sub-urb when a cop made a mistake . 
  i got the classic `` they are commiting crimes/etc , but you , i know you .
