  i mean , if you did a good job , and started things , put plans in motion , or simply did n't finish what you wanted to do , it 's normal to try to be re elected to finish that . 
  you just have to be eighteen to be president , with the 500 mayors signatures and all . 
  but hey , you ca n't be president if you ca n't eat cornflakes by yourself . 
  being president is a tiring job , you have to be healthy and all . 
  not so long ago , there was a polemic about if a president should publish his health examen . 
  some said it was an invasion of privacy , others said it was essential , since the president should be able to handle his tasks no matter what . 
  ( for example , the suitcase controling our nuclear arsenal . 
  the president have to have it with him all the time . ), 
  look at bouteflika in algeria . 
  do you think he should be president , political opinion aside , just on how he 's doing ? 
  people do n't see him , and he 's in a wheelchair ... also , if he 's too old , he can be too far from some problems . 
  so well , not saying jupp\u00e9 ca n't assume being the president now , but 3 years from now , for a 5 years period ? 
  maybe it 's not such a good idea . 
  mitterand is a an exception , an exception which confirm the rule . 
  he was pretty bad at the end , right ? 
  anyway here , he was re elected , not his first . 
  i think it changes things , since having a second mandate , there is that continuity idea . 
  of course , now , it 's 5 years and not 7 . 
  jupp\u00e9 is fine with me , but personnaly , i would prefer a young president . 
  is n't he too old ? 
  by 2017 , he will be more than 70 years old . 
  yay , we are under the average !, 
  i just hope they do n't get messi-ed up by argentina . 
  the ump is sinking more than i thought . 
  first bygmalion , with cope now sarkozy who was waiting to be seen as the savior and to make his heroic come-back to win 2017 election . 
  who 's the next out ? 
  i guess it will be `` fillon 2017 '', 
  the far right threath is exagerated by media . 
  yes , it 's worrisome , yes , it 's scary , yes , it reminds you of what happened with the great depression and all . 
  but it 's not like they have the keys yet . 
  in france , i think our others party will get back up on their feets , and a right guy will become president ( sarkozy , yay ... * sigh a bit * ), 
  serious question ? 
  i 'm talking about that guy who shot people because girls rejected him , and he made a video justifyng it before doing it , in which he said `` he had done everything to get laid , that he was nice , the supreme gentleman . '', 
  so i was referencing to all the shootings in the us . 
  i wished to put emphasis on france being at war with germany and great britain all the time , but you 're right . 
  ( in my defense , i said i know nothing . ), 
  not the nukes fault . 
  still not worse . 
  and i think mentionning who runs the country after the war is a bit of a unfair move . 
   i thought sweden and denmark are the two countries on earth that have had the most conflicts in between them ? 
  i know nothing about wars between dane and swedes , but i think that 's [ cute ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleonic_wars ), 
  usa have supreme gentlemens too . 
  i invite you to visit our suburbs , then maybe you would wish to protest against whatever you want , and be rushed by crs for that . 
  do n't mention bread either . 
  protests do n't really `` work '' in those government . 
  so many italians . 
  ~ ~ cheating like usual ~ ~, 
  and [ that guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lv-ip1jsmli ) would laugh at them, 
   oxygen-starvation that 's the right term ? 
  i wonder how far all this will go . 
  in history classes , when talking about ww2 and the pre ww2 , and recurent question is '' why did n't they attack the nazis before they attack us/do something/don ' t let them take power ? '', 
  ( not saying we should attack greece , i 'm quoting ) ideas ? 
  l'alsace-lorraine was ours to begin with . 
  we did n't just take it , it was taking it back . 
  for national pride , etc. 
  edit : guys . 
  stop the lessons . 
  i perfectly know all that . 
  i was just pointing out that it was not a german territory for all this history . 
  a sentence like  the french took alzac-lorraine from germany make it sound like we cut germany in half to punish the germans ... 
  i agree , yet , i want to object a little . 
  what happened was bad for germany , and it is an accomplishement what they did , but not just a ` german ' accomplishement . 
  do n't boil me , please . 
  that 's why we say your food sucks !, 
  my bad . 
  `` i need to run , they will steal my bag ! '', 
  who 's that guy ? 
  i will do it ! '', 
  her kung fu is too strong ! '', 
  i just read the [ community rules ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules ) there is no rule banning it . 
  ( it just say that you should not use this subreddit to promote others thing ) . 
  also , mentionning another subreddit in the comment is fine , no ? 
  yes , it is . 
  also , fishing ground , i think diamonds were mentionned too not so long ago . 
   if you actually bothered to read instead of skim my comment for buzzwords you would know that i never said saddam had any wmds . 
  what i said was that nobody knew at the time ( throughout the 90 's and early 2000s ) whether he had weapons or not , but he had refused some 12-14 times to allow neutral international observers to enter his country to ensure that he was n't building atomic weapons . 
  rhetoric , not `` not reading '' . 
  i actually bothered to read all your posts in the whole thread , and to answer . 
  anyway , wmd 's or not , it was just a pretext ( they totally knew he did n't have any before starting the war . 
  ) , that 's why i mentionned oil . 
  who 's not reading/trying to understand what the other is saying again ? 
   what are you saying ? 
  i was saying that occupation is as bad as annexation , in this case , worse , because at least , crimea was done with the approval of the crimean people ( more or less ) , and not violently . 
  ( easy to ignore where i say 150000 + deaths and then say i had only a good argument , uh ? ), 
   occupation = / = annexation in any way . 
  i did the differentiation between the two , you even said it yourself . 
  but it seems you just ignored that part ...  i do n't know how else to explain such an easy concept . 
  do n't be arrogant , please . 
  you 're not in position to explain me thing ** i ** said in the first place . 
   the two are absolutely distinct . 
  not shit sherlock !, 
  maybe that 's why there are two words and i used only one ? 
   iraq is not a us state now , but crimea is now an oblast of the russian federation . 
  nobody try to americanize the iraqi people , while putin is beginning to russify crimea once more . 
  the citizens of america are extremely critical of the invasion of iraq . 
  in russia , putin 's popularity hit record highs once he conquered the peninsula . 
  putin did n't russify crimean , they already were . 
  if you look at history , crimea was part of russia for an awful lot of time . 
  this is not the oppresive and bloody conquest you describe . 
   the citizens of america are extremely critical of the invasion of iraq .
