  me and my family almost got too much space in our 1200 $ / month appartment . 
  right wings politicians certainly are pushing in this direction , but we sitll got the 35 hours work week back in 2000 , and [ automatisation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu ) will happen soon too . 
  i think we should be cautiously optimistic about the future . 
  i read somewhere that americans love to travel , but traveled mostly in the us . 
  do you have family with you ? 
  but the first one is funny , and the second is a map :(, 
  we are lagging behind . 
  we really should stop to rely on xavier niel to progress in this sector . 
  they wo n't have normandy . 
  did n't we already know that ? 
  again ? 
  read the links . 
  fair enough . 
  i think that 's done on purpose . 
  overall , that 's the total opposite of a positive thing . 
  if we are against thoses commemoration , then , we should n't commemorate anyone else . 
  too bad the australians never managed to [ conquer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emu_war ) it [ entirely ] ( http://www.aifs.gov.au/institute/pubs/factssheets/2011/fs201103_fig1_large.png ), 
  and someone already posted it . 
  i wanted to do that . 
  it always blows my mind . 
  their country is smaller than mine , yet , they have twice as many people on it . 
  they should n't have done that . 
  as much as politician reuses such celebrations , it 's not about them . 
  here , it 's about the 20 millions soldiers who died to beat the nazis . 
  i hope our president wo n't boycott it . 
  i find this pretty impressive . 
  * cough * ww1 * cough * the uk managing to resist the nazis only thanks to the channel and hitler launching operation barbarossa . 
  * cough * no land power able to stop the nazis except russia , and at a monstruous cost . 
  * cough *, 
  something something 1066 . 
  there is hardly any fuss . 
  most people do n't know about that , and probably do n't care . 
  i find it kind of funny personally . 
  thanks :'), 
  well , maybe we can bait the british in the eurozone with that . 
  just do n't get [ lost ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/travel_news/article-2987768/belgian-tourists-taken-800-mile-detour-wrong-la-plagne-france.html ) this time . 
  the germans are n't the only one that can invade through belgium . 
  what ? 
  you ingrateful peasants . 
  do n't you remember that time where we freed you from the tyranny of monarchy ? 
  blue red and white . 
  russia , the uk , plenty of their former colonies including the us and plenty of smaller countries . 
  including north korea . 
  checkmate !, 
  well , from my pov , the uk is probably not going to leave . 
  people love to bitch about the eu , as it is a convenient scapegoat for all problems ( and i agree it causes some ) i mean , it 's probably going to be like scotland 's referendum . 
  also , what 's annoying is that `` we are in , but not too much , well no , nevermind , fuck the eu , but wait !, 
  we want to stay '' stance . 
  he predicted that the uk would pull shit like that . 
  it 's a bit annoying , imho . 
  actually , her second in command , phillipot is gay . 
  her father was extreme . 
  but she did a huge overhaul since she took over to look presidential and have votes from the right . 
  lot of people say it 's just an act , and while there are new votes and speech , old ideas remains and some people too , she 's trying to eliminate them ( like when she banned her father of the party even though he founded it ) . 
  anyway , she 's taking ideas from the `` extreme '' left too , so i would n't say she 's from the extreme right in the end , just too much of a populist trying to be `` the alternative '' . 
  i do n't think we should just leave subject like the eu to party lile that . 
  yes , but is that the case here ? 
  or instead of winning , let 's say , 10 billions , they made `` only '' 5.5 b ? 
  losing money or just not making as much profits than what they hoped ? 
  well , maybe it will be more efficient to make governments reinforce security than all the time greenpeace raided the centrals to say they are n't secure . 
  i doubt it , though . . 
  defamation is in a different league than `` insult '' . 
  this map is n't very clear/maybe biased, 
  i for one , accept our new komrads overlords . 
  thing is that when we revolt , it 's between us , so there are no as many opportunities . 
  no pesky british rulers , after all , we are higher up in the food chain . 
   they 've actually outnumbered army numbers since 2007/2008 . 
  something that more people should know, 
  what lessons could be learnt ? 
  it seems you think that was preventable and that the police did n't do its job . 
  terrorism is just something that is happening in today 's world and will continue to happen , whether we like or not , and whether we give power to the government to spy on everything you say ... 
  some will always get through . 
  we already knew there were people out there who wish to kill us/scare us , so nothing new . 
  nothing really changed , even if the scale was a bit bigger . 
  1 / no one in the government left his/her job , but a lot of people resigned themselves to see it happens in the future . 
  if anything , they actually profited from it , hollande got better ratings in the polls for a short time , and there is the whole paris march with other countries 's leader . 
  well , indirectly , you could said taubira resigned , but basically , she slammed the door after the government tried to pass law allowing them to deprive someone from french nationality ( if they had another ) . 
  the left is pissed , especially since this is supposed to be a left wong government . 
  2 / people asked if it could have been prevented , of course , but not much more . 
  i remember seeing a guy on tv , from the police basically saying that they could n't monitor everyone , because it takes a lot of time , money , and manpower . 
  i do n't think he meant they were underfunded or anything , just that the tasks of keeping tracks of every possible-terrorist/suspect is gargantuan . 
  again , nothing new , but i think they got extra funding after that ... 3 / not really , since it was already going on . 
  like every other country on earth that see migrants coming , it 's always on the table . 
  it intensified a bit of course , and terrorism is go-to subject for the media . 
  if anything , after the paris attacks , you could hear again and again `` this is not true islam '' , `` we should not hate true muslim because the terrorists misrepresent islam '' , `` padamalgam '' , etc. 
  even marine lepen said that . 
  i think it pushed some people more on the right , maybe the fn had better score because of that , but it 's not like they were the only ones trying to retrieve the attacks for their own little agenda/politigal gains . 
  well , at the same time , the governement passed more security laws , and we are still in a `` state of emergency '' ( that they extended btw ) giving the government some special power , like to search someone 's house without a warrant . 
  ps : sorry , it 's messy and i 'm not really well-informed . 
  thoses pesky turkish sailors, 
  what i was thinking too . 
  so , how reliable do you think this info is ? 
  a fairy tale older than the bible, 
  the native built thoses oceans !, 
  do people really think petition actually work ? 
  what 's sad is that you 're just assuming that we ca n't ... 
  they managed to push the border a bit farther away so there is room , now . 
  that buffer zone with shitty roads no one wants to take care . 
  amen to that . 
  we ca n't all have baby seals for neighbours .
