   it 's the effects those ships have on russia 's power projection is something i 'd be worrying about . 
  it wo n't having a big impact , right ? 
  then tell us . 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  we totally should stop that 1,12 b $ deal , that estonian is pissed off . 
  it 's not like the public opinion was entirely against it . 
  we do n't like it when others country tell us what to do . 
  and a deal is a deal . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  uh , not only him . 
  for all that matters , i 'm `` for '' it too . 
  why are you writing both in french and in english ? 
  `` go take care of thoses problem far away , we will just stay here ... to stand guard ! '', 
  `` canada has also expressed an interest in taking part , it said . '', 
  why ? 
  beware of the mighty moral high ground !, 
  til . 
  i just wrote what sounded right in my head . 
  starting with `` th\u00e9oriquement '' why that word is so hard to write in english ? 
  theorically , then . 
  with a real examination to enter . 
  no country lying to enter . 
  what the fuck is this shitty poll ? 
  yeah , true . 
  english is not my native language , i have an excuse !, 
  putin always seems like a penguin in a suit . 
  maybe that 's why he will go ride horses topless in the wild, 
  well , when i thought it was the ennemy 's blood for a long time , but since i saw that it could be interpreted as our blood , i changed of opinion . 
  this verse is pretty polemical , so some say it 's that , and some do n't . 
  so , no , i 'm not sure , but it seems logical . 
  and well , i think it 's fine if it 's open to interpretation . 
  saying it 's just absurdly violent is too easy ... also , the blood bath is supposed to be our blood , not the ennemy `` impure blood '' in opposition to the `` pure blood '' of the nobility . 
  so sacrifice , and not mindless violence . 
  the monument behind it look likes the brandenburg tor in berlin . 
  oh , a royalist nest . 
  okay , i 'm mad . 
  with that many people , it 's cheating . 
  she 's immortal . 
  [ a better link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k1q9ntcr5g ) that intro before the actual singing is important , the singing is better in my opinion too . 
  to the eu : `` do not make me destroy you ! '', 
  it 's the anthem of russia now . 
  putin made it come back from the dead . 
  same song , but new lyrics , made by the original writer of the anthem . 
  no chills on my side . 
  will the anthem change when the queen dies ? 
  ( if she ever dies ), 
  i think it fits pretty well . 
  the revolution was bloody , let the anthem be bloody ... 
  if there is an event defining france in history , it 's this one . 
  better than `` deustchland uber alles '', 
  people are moaning because they want to moan . 
  they are just looking for reasons . 
  aust\u00e9rit\u00e9 seems like a good hook . 
  well , montebourg is sooooo going to make a show of all this . 
  is it a pre-2017 strife ? 
  since hollande has many people who would want to be president themselves ( royale , montebourg , valls ... ), 
  eat that . 
  oh , you ca n't ? 
  thoses irish men sure starve easily . 
  `` that guy said that and he 's french , so all french must be like that . '', 
  there should be a `` not favorable nor unfavorable '' because that 's my opinion . 
  personaly , i 'm a bit indecisive about nuclear power . 
  in one hand , it 's truly a great energy source , and it 's way better than coal centrals . 
  it 's safe , but on the other side , if shit happens one time , it happens on a great scale . 
  and there the waste problem . 
  some scientists said that we had to use nuclear power to save the climate . 
  logic . 
  but arguing with supporters of this theory , well , it 's was a bit of the blind following . 
  the typical `` no problem at all '' , and when i pointed out that the central were not that secure confronted to terrorism for example ( proof with thoses ecologist raiding nuclear centrals and playing hide and seek with the authorities in it ) , they were n't able to come with a satisfactory answer . 
  i argued with the greens i know , they laughed at me without even considering the idea . 
  dunno what 's worse . 
  i did n't think that catalonia chances at secession were important enough for merkel to mention it . 
  well , yeah , the greens are pretty biased . 
  and they seems more about creating a federal eu or opposing nuclear centrals than stopping global warming & cie. 
  yet , i agree , gmo are bad . 
  monsanto have been in corruption affair and others stuff like that . 
  so , `` evil corp stuff '' ? 
  not really , it 's `` businness '' , but you can see it that way . 
  and there is the misinformation on the other side `` gmo are all good , no danger at all . 
  proof , that actor with a white coat and glasses said it was all right in that tv spot . '', 
  not that big of a misunderstanding . 
  i heard about it when it was still the european elections . 
  some said they were against it . 
  after that , in the news ? 
  nope . 
  about gmo , those are simply banned in france . 
  you can still find imported product containing them , but you do n't have the right to cultivate them . 
  the eu allow it , but we do n't . 
  i said `` in the eu '', 
  the balkan ( including greece ) is really a mess, 
  germany showing who 's the boss in the eu . 
  i think this article is a bit of a mess , i get what he 's trying to say , and i do not find it that relevant . 
  every country had time for `` modernization '' with different rulers . 
  for example , de gaulle in france , or frederic ii in germany , and i 'm pretty sure there are many others example . 
  it 's a cycle that every country is confronted to . 
  russia may have been in a longer period of `` modernization '' , it does n't make it special . 
  it does n't have a special `` raison d'\u00eatre '' . 
  i also think he does not put enough emphasis on the fall of the urss , and the huge setback which put russia in the state it is now . 
  which the number one reason for the state of russia now . 
  putin is trying really hard to put russia on the front seat again , by the miltary intervention , or by organizing the olympics games or the 2018 world cup , or claiming the north pole .
