  nato countries wo n't start to distrust us because we did n't do what we were told this time . 
  not doing what we were told by others states is too much of a habit in france . 
  do n't worry about that . 
  we are allies , not nato 's / usa 's puppet , and i think it is a well known fact . 
  that 's why what you think does n't matter . 
  a german work less than a french , yet , some politicians want us to remove the 35 hours , showing germany as an example . 
  http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/nfk9upeqavo/maxresdefault.jpg not really annexing , but well ... 
  if they change their stars with sunflowers , maybe they will let them in ? 
  call me an idiot , and all that , but i really do n't think it matters . 
  also , it proves in a way that we 're not in a total brawl with russia , which is good news . 
  i see you got downvoted because we are all ought to panic in such circumstances . 
  when is the vote ? 
  i thought that germany was leading the dance ... 
  degaulle said that too back then . 
  ( i wonder if it 's for similars reasons ) he vetoed the entry of the uk into the eec . 
  anyway , i do n't see the benefits for the uk in this , i assume they would stay in the unique market , but if they have to respect the regulations without having a say in it , seems like a loss to me . 
  well , at least , you did n't think of a `` the stick of truth '' reference at first like me . 
  the thing with hollande , that since all this hatred is almost a given . 
  the left fell betrayed , and the right hate him by principle even if he 's doing `` right '' politics . 
  i would say nobody really hate him , but with the crisis , the extreme-right rise , and since he 's a relatively weak president , it is just too easy to criticize him . 
  and you know , polls mean nothing . 
  why would they do that ? 
  the official one is '' baise ouais ! '', 
  he was , but not anymore , now they are internal strifes . 
  cop\u00e9 wants to run for president in 2017 , sarkozy said he was out of politics ( we know he wants to come back with a savior figure ) i 'm pretty sure they always saw each others as rivals , even if they bunch together for a purpose . 
  you 're right , the odd thing is that the others countries did n't vote that much . 
  i was wondering about why italy `` resisted '' that much . 
  i really do n't understand any of this , but would n't the scapegoat be cop\u00e9 ? 
  anyway , i think they are just `` settling things '' between themselves , and they have all the time they need . 
  by 2017 , everybody will have forgotten . 
  this is not the end for the ump . 
  and a day after the european elections is a bit suspicious too . 
  i did n't vote in 2009 ( i was not in age to ) , and i do n't really remember it ... 
  but that time , was there as much coverage ? 
  they got ~ 10 % . 
  yet , they are already saying they are the first political party and want to disolve the assembly and say hollande should resign right away . 
  man , they are getting way too excited over this . 
  did n't except that much in italy . 
  is there a law saying you have to vote like in belgium ? 
  `` novel concept . '', 
   far right wing groups in europe gave up violence against jews long ago , they know it would only harm their pr . 
  so it 's obviously the muslims . 
   and the word racism apparently does n't mean what you think it means . 
  yes , use xenophobia . 
  not comparable . 
  do n't use capslocks in your tittle . 
  because sunday is not a work day . 
  we have been telling you that for centuries !, 
  it 's about how intelligent the monarchs are . 
  saying to an starving crowd demanding bread to eat brioche is not a good idea . 
  creating a constitutional monarchy is a good idea . 
  or the opinion do n't really shifts and the poll are just bad . 
  still , on the tracts i received for the european election , i saw at least one with `` no to the entry of turkey in europe '' . 
  it 's ours !, 
  more seriously , i understand why it 's bothersome . 
  i thought that the ones working in bruxelles were n't the same that worked in strasbourg . 
  i think it 's a good thing a country does n't have all the important places ( i 'm rather against federalism , so no `` capital '' is good ) . 
  maybe there are others solutions than just moving the whole thing , it 's not like our governement would just say ` okay , you can move it '' is moving the parliament a real debate anyway ... ? 
  i mean , the ones who wants to say bad thing about europe will just say it 's inneficient and points that out . 
  like that italian who said that a huge percentage of the budget was spent on translations ... 
  so what are you supposed to do if you 're dehydrated ? 
  `` sea of the pissing germans '' putin is right !, 
  `` are you asian and do n't want to be ? 
  there is hope for change - truth ministry '' that 's ridiculous . 
  source ? 
   if they feel threatened , they nuke . 
  yeah , make me remember when they nuked ... uh , wait . 
   for that nice connection to moldova why moldova ? 
  interesting video . 
  iceland wants to enter the eu ? 
  i know that kiev does n't want the war . 
  but attacking the pro-russia militant will just give an excuse for russia to `` protect the civils '' . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  but when i saw that `` anti-terrorist '' campain , i really thought that kiev was putting fuel on the fire . 
  did n't say it was wrong . 
  i just like the fact . 
  each time i see the news , it seems to me that kiev is really eager to start a war with russia . 
  i like how we are part of southern , western and central europe according to your map . 
  `` it 's sunny outside !, 
  go play , do n't stay behind your computer , it 's bad for you r eyes ! '', 
  yeah , he did that flashy entrance as a prime minister . 
  i wonder what the results will be ... 
  since ( i assume ) he intend to run for president next time , we can expect some good will ? 
  til , north korea could reach us . 
   we even ca n't refuel our planes in the air . 
  i really really doubt that . 
   our military logistics is a mess . 
  on a eu level , i guess you 're right . 
  so , yeah , we need the us . 
  but if we did n't rely as much as we did on them , now , we would have a better military at an european level . 
  we can do it , but we do n't . 
  and speaking of that , i think that not so long ago , the usa announced they would back up , and eu 's military would start taking more responsabilities . 
  edit : i do n't know about lybian campaign and all , but after a quick wikipedia search : http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/a330_mrtt http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerial_refueling ( note that there is several european countries . ), 
  well , money gambled is not money given to the church . 
  thoses guys will say anything if it put them in the victim 's seat . 
  do n't pay too much attention to them . 
  i agree , even if it 's a bit surprising , you should not draw conclusions on those stats . 
  the stage reminded me of an `` american '' debate too . 
  4 peoples standing in front of a crowd , presentators sitting near , like they are in `` xxxxx got talent '', 
  jean claude juncker and martin schulz are hard to understand .
