  you tell us . 
  just learned that austria was n't part of nato, 
  they have a youtube channel , with always interesting content . 
  it 's funny how a character can change name across countries . 
  in france , his name is guillaume tell . 
  would that tafta treaty let those apples be sold in europe ? 
  well , i 'm not on wikipedia all that much , and an english writted article talking about biology would just left me behind . 
  for example , i see nothing all that awful in your example ^ ^, 
  yup , but i think it 's the funniest of all . 
  i discovered that site with this one , and first time i read it , i laughed even though i was believing it ... ( i 'm a bad guy ), 
  you can switch to another language in the menu at the left , if you want to compare yourself . 
  i use it both in english and in french . 
  most of the time , the english article is just a bit thickier , and when it 's simply a translated article , it 's better to read the original . 
  of course , when it 's a french thing , the french article are better . 
  certified with only 30 % of words from french origin . 
  and the site name is in english . 
  oh , the irony . 
  another example : `` shot 46 times for asking a `` pain au chocolat '' '', 
  yeah , i ca n't read german news , but there are a few emissions were they resume what others country news are . 
  germans news seems just on the point . 
  cool , i have access to 60 % of the internet , yay !, 
  well , i like the ode to joy better . 
  you know , more backbone , you feel the history . 
   1000 years of annoying the french by stephen clarke . 
  i stumbled upon that book . 
  seemed great , but i did n't have enough money to buy it . 
  `` a la carte '', 
  what 's the legislation behind this ? 
  i guess that by minors ( in this article ) , they do n't mean `` everybody under the age of 18 '' . 
  for example , there is that woman talking about the suffering of her baby . 
  at this age , they ca n't decide about that , so how old are the ones who will benefit from this new law ? 
  jeanne d'arc , where are you jeanne ? 
  wait ... 
  they really drugs 9 % of their kids in the us ? 
  it seems russia can bully ukraine as much as they want . 
  i want to learn danish . 
  a siren sounding everyday , not really efficient in case of emergency . 
  it 's up to each of us to protect our data online , `` agreements '' like this wo n't change anything . 
  i ca n't even read it : o, 
  they are just trying to promote themselves for the next election , show they can win . 
  the size of the town just does n't matter ... 
  the whole ebola thing was just misinformation fed by the media , it was fearmongering . 
  the only reason it spread so much in west africa is that people there are n't really aware of what they were doing . 
  for example , a lot of people were contaminated after touching the sicks while burying them . 
  people traditionnally wash he dead , and so a lot of people were contaminated that way . 
  some other just avoided hospitals , etc , altogether because they feared to die there . 
  some family even broke out some sick people . 
  not really the kind of thing that would happen in europe . 
  also , consider this : the two countries the most affected by the epidemic were sierra leone and liberia . 
  both are almost 6000 km away from syria . 
  4,600 this year on a population of 5 millions ( so 2.5 millions women ) . 
  not really worth mentioning . 
  the blue banana is real . 
  mugabe will outlive elizabeth ii, 
  i guess i 'm going to wait a long time . 
  if it was n't for us , you would speak english !, 
  maybe , but it 's not like we were bombing a rainbow warrior every year . 
  the comparaison with treaties is n't that great , imo . 
  the original had a better production value too . 
  we also have a few wolves , some bears and lynx . 
  just a few . 
  not exactly dangerous to humans , though . 
  if you include pows , the germans lost as many soldiers in this battle alone , than on the entire western front . 
  and the soviets lost twice as much, 
  say the five americans . 
  it 's almost like europe is just a tiny peninsula . 
  a bright cookie probably would n't be very tasty . 
  well , to be fair , it was a low quality submission . 
  seems like they just thought of what they wanted to say , then just tried to find something provocative/intriguing to go with it . 
  but it 's * art *, 
  i always thought he said `` jetez '' . 
  guess i need to rewatch this movie . 
  strange , i never heard of this before . 
  i find this more , impressive than the fall of the berlin wall . 
  not stalingrad or the red army reaching berlin ? 
  well , we are the second market after japan for mangas . 
  so , yes . 
  still would n't deduce that / u/senseisawg is french just from that . 
  and i would say his comment point in the other direction too . 
  it 's funny since `` urk '' is a slang word for `` annoying '', 
  the rest of the world simply got it wrong . 
  latin world stronk . 
  not even close . 
   les r\u00e9publicains it 's really the ump by another name , which won the presidential elections back in 2007 , making sarkozy president . 
  they changed the name to counter the umps argument used by the fn , which is taking their voters . 
  report by / u/dclauzel, 
  between europe and the rest of the middle east , and russia not so far away . 
  it 's because you look all the same with your horned viking helmet and speak the same language . 
  hold my baguette , i 'm going in . 
  i say [ she should stick a flag up his ass ] ( http://www.histoire-image.org/photo/zoom/tsi5_delacroix_001f.jpg ), 
  seems like a good idea . 
  people are more gullible than you think . 
  well , i do n't know if you could classify them as farmers or not in the grand scheme of things , but i do n't think there is any wine producers in thoses protests . 
  they are protesting against food prices , but wine producers seems protected well enough to me , and wine is more of a luxury products than something basic like food . 
  all to say , i do n't think they are as menaced by foreign competition , and supermarkets , etc , probably do n't have as much power on them than regular farmers . 
  well , we are always a little late . 
   when union workers spill chemicals in a river as a protest or a threa source ? 
   or kidnap ceos preventing them to leave until a deal is reached is n't exactly kidnapping . 
  it 's not like they raided the ceo ` shouse at night with weapons while he was sleeping , and then putting a ramson on his head . 
   pretty much nothing happens and it is not considered terrorism .
