  in russia , putin 's popularity hit record highs once he conquered the peninsula . 
  so , they are critical . 
  maybe for the exact same reason as i am ? 
   nato is n't going from province to province seizing territory . 
  nato grows by sovereign democracies joining a defensive alliance of their own accord . 
  and like i said , their influences are growing across europe since 1991 . 
  now that you explained me , how nato grows , maybe should i explain you that the defensive treaty is clearly ** against russia ** . 
  do i have to explain ? 
   russia 's growth has been through military conquest . 
  every damn country that exist in europe conquered its land . 
   there 's a massive difference . 
  that 's truth , but you 're missing the point . 
   sovereign countries can join alliances as they please . 
  it does n't matter that historically they were controlled by tsarist and later soviet russia . 
  they 're sovereign now , and they can join alliances as they please . 
  russia has no right to dictate that . 
  and they can join russia if they want to , too . 
  that 's what crimea did . 
  and the us and the eu have no right to dictate that they ca n't ... ? 
   absolutely not !, 
  russia literally sent in troops and took a chunk of land from another sovereign state because they had already looted ukraine 's nuclear arsenal and the country was in political turmoil . 
  how you can construe that as `` defensive '' is beyond me . 
  so , if i say to you that russia see nato as a possible threat/rival ( in continuation of the cold war tensions ) ? 
  that russia do n't want it just next to their territory ? 
  do you know what the objective of the us was after the fall of the urss ? 
  make sure it do n't get back on his feet !, 
  the us do n't want a rival . 
  ( comprehensible . ), 
  nato grows over ancient part of the urss so the urss ca n't have that . 
  why do you think there is a anti ballistic shield in poland ? 
  in romania ? 
  because russia still have a shitload of nuclears weapon , and to think that `` it 's cool now , the cold war is over , everybody is nice and happy now '' is absolutely idiotic . 
   this is really your only point that could actually hold some merit . 
  i still disagree , though . 
  again , do n't be arrogant . 
   ukraine began moving westward to finally start making progress at growing its economy and bettering the lives of its citizens instead of living as a satellite state of russia . 
  seeing this , putin attacked as soon as ukraine was `` down '' in an attempt to sabotage the country and destabilize it . 
  putin is evil !, 
  he do n't want the poor ukrainian to be happy !, 
   it was intended as a giant `` fuck you ! '', 
  to the west to gain support domestically in putin 's own failed dictatorship , there 's no doubt about it in my eyes . 
  the whole ukraine crisis is just a embodiment of the tension between the us and russia ( ex-urss ) . 
  it is the result of what happen when a country is torn between two sphere of influence . 
  not just putin being evil to stay in power . 
  in the end , it seems that you 're panicking over geopolitical with manichean views . 
  ( not the best to understand geopolitics ) calm down a bit . 
  and as you said to another guy , maybe you should read history books . 
  the more you have , the better . 
  that 's why they are disputing themselves with canada on artic oils . 
   oh but what about ` collective thinking ' ? 
  i 'm sure you 'd use the same excuse if russia were attacking a nato member , some small country near russia 's border . 
  nope . 
  i 'm pretty sure we conclude this deal and then we 're done . 
   you 're the biggest hypocrite if you believe in nato and at the same time believe in diplomacy what i 'm saying is that diplomacy should always come first , then if diplomacy failed , then the miltary ( nato ) should step in as a last resort . 
  i do n't understand why it makes me an hypocrite . 
   it was already proven ( a source would be vice ) that pro-russians are indeed russians . 
  i heard that russia was backing them up , and training them , but not that they were all russian . 
  i guess themselves describe themselves as russian though . 
  uh , you 're wrong ... we did n't do anything more than what we did , because we could n't do much more . 
  ( by we , i mean the eu and the us ) send troops ? 
  way to go to scale up the tensions . 
  also , it cost an awful lot of money . 
   and this is the problem . 
  it does n't matter if the eu spends much more on military than russia , everybody puts their interests first before thinking collectively . 
  wrong . 
  we did think collectively . 
  we decided to do sanctions . 
  the eu need russia 's gas , and russia need eu 's gas money . 
  we are too closely linked to do more sanctions . 
  i 'm pretty sure that here , you want to talk about the sell of the ship again . 
  but we are not nato 's / usa 's puppet . 
  we agreed with russia that we would sell them ship . 
  nato do n't have a say in that . 
  and remember that we agreed to that before the crimean crisis , and that the eu is not federal yet ...  if russia did something in estonia , lithuania or some other baltic state i 'm willing to bet france or uk wo n't do much to help ( wo n't send troops ) despite the fever on / r/europe about nato 's might ( ignoring the us ) . 
  yeah , the uk and france are assholes !, 
  what are we supposed to do in such circumstances ? 
  declare war on russia ? 
  nope . 
  also , if russia tried to pull such a move on a nato member , or a eu member , i 'm pretty sure that it would make way more diplomatic fuss . 
  also , since russia is using sneaky tactics , like the referendum , or the pro russia militia . 
  i think it is a problem you have to solve on your own , like ukraine 's military is fighting the pro russia militia . 
  a direct invasion would be a different matter , though . 
  remember the urss . 
  they just had their base in crimea and after the fall of the urss , they just decided to leave it here . 
  they paid some sort of location fee to ukraine . 
  wmd ? 
  what wmds ? 
  `` the absence of evidence is n't the evidence of absence ? '', 
  and oil is not considered a wmd , right ? 
   i 'm sure the iraqi people would love to still be under saddam ( a leader that they executed as soon as they got the chance ) . 
  [ i 'm so happy the us came to liberate us !, 
  ] ( http://www.sandomenico.org/uploaded/photos/library/iraq-civilian-casualties.jpg ) 150000 + civilians killed during iraq war . 
  go ask them if they liked the us invading them . 
   and , like you said , the us annexed not a single square meter . 
  i like to use the right words . 
  it was `` just '' occupation . 
  also , i do n't want to justify the actions of poutine , but consider this : the us , and nato influence grow across europe , almost at your door . 
  ukraine 's situation is kind of a defensive move . 
  it is not an outright agression towards western countries as a whole . 
   ironically , the desire to be perceived as reliable to nations they sell military equipment to will make them seem unreliable as nato/european partners .
