what a cunt . 
   its neighbors have just as much blood on their hands . 
  not even close . 
  \u266a ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fjywbcv_8e ) ( ... ) \u266a schni , schna , schnappi . 
  that 's why their signs are written in english . 
  also , it 's just a coincidence . 
   the fact that they 're protesting the draft means they 're protesting that only men are drafted . 
  they do n't want a draft full stop . 
  that 's a logical fallacy . 
  i do n't think femens are doing this to promote feminism or to fight patriarchy , thoses ar ejust excuses . 
  it 's mainly to be on tv , imo . 
  she look dead in the last picture . 
  someone . 
  draw that !, 
  come on , we all know you are jaleous . 
  but ... it 's providing shade . 
  artists . 
  thanks !, 
  informative presentation , and the guy is pretty funny . 
  man , be it japanese castle or this , when there are multiple roof , it always looks nice . 
   not much happened in the west . 
  various eastern countries were being invaded and starved , the west did nothing . 
  easterners started to rebel , the west did nothing . 
  what i meant to say , is that compared to a full scale nuclear holocaust , it 's not much . 
   westerners started to recolonize us . 
  i do n't think the colonization term is that good to describe it . 
  i mean , compared to what happened in africa , uh , okay , you are in the sphere of influence , and if you 're talking about economical sectors , etc , maybe it 's others countries company dominating the market . 
  i do n't know . 
  nonetheless , your economy grew . 
  should n't you be happy about that ? 
  after all , it 's not like nobody was purchasing thoses products , or profiting from the capitalism . 
  it 's not like armies came , and forced you to start talking french eitheir . 
  poland is independant , has it own army , etc. 
  and as far as i know , they are not so many french migrants . 
  or at least , it must be balanced compared to polish people migrating to others countries.shengen works both way after all okay , it 's part of nato . 
  which means we are allies , not colonizing you . 
   and it would be far too easy for you to just abandon us not going to happen . 
  poland is part of nato and the eu . 
  ukraine is not . 
  the whole crisis start more or less from here . 
  the us and eu wants ukraine in , russia does n't . 
  thus , the country is disputed between two power , drama ensues . 
   again . 
  you mean , the eastern bloc ? 
  which was created after defeating the nazi while the east and west were allies ? 
  did n't join in on your own will ? 
  with the warsaw pact ? 
  or its our fault ? 
  i 'm not trying to deny all the suffering that happened in the ex - ussr , but that 's different . 
  and it 's not like russia was about to invade poland anyway . 
  well , it 's not like we were not a nuclear armed state too . 
  and if i remind you about the cold war , not much actually happened , even if every state was ready to throw everything in the war . 
  so ... childrens are the ennemies ? 
  `` slide into irrelevance '' haha . 
  scotland produces only scotch whisky , it 's a well known fact . 
  nice . 
  now , i just want to know about how higher ( or lower ) the average price is for the same product in the eu compared to the us , japan , etc. 
  also , it 's not that unified , is n't it ? 
  if i go to poland or lithuania , the price will be lower than here , in france ? 
  swiss or belgium . 
  yes , because commonweatlh . 
  i wonder what would the nuclear part look without us . 
  how could an island be part of continental europe ? 
  if so , it means the uk is too . 
  cheesy names . 
  that 's great . 
  then thoses russian must back off immediatly . 
  it 's ours !, 
   first test not bad for 65 years old organization . 
  thread over . 
  i guess all capital have something like that . 
  [ for london ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjud288jlcs ), 
  then empire again . 
   how did they get into france ? 
  spain and italy ? 
   `` fuel '' maybe he did n't heard about electricity powered tramways too ? 
  looks like a great organ . 
  creepier than the sarcophage . 
  why did i read cameroon ... 
  why do n't they stick with what they said ... ? 
  that would cost a whole lot of money , lot of problems with the un , dispute with the european/chinese that are already here , without even talking about the locals . 
  would thoses 2 carrier really be enough ? 
  i doubt it . 
  and again , money . 
  russia has already such a huge part of land , they do n't really need ressources . 
  also , historically , even in the time were colonizing was the thing cool kids were doing , russia did n't invade . 
  they will stick to their claims over the north pole and eastern europe . 
  what 's historically theirs . 
  and what woud russia be doing in africa ? 
  colonizing ? 
  selling them gaz ? 
  i do n't think russia have any interest in attacking any african country , and well , if they wnated to , they would n't really need thoses carriers . 
  no big impact . 
  '' ` if i want to , i can take kiev in a fortnight , '' putin told barroso , ** according to britain 's daily mail ** '' stopped here . 
  way funnier than i expected . 
  yay , meme in russian . 
  yeah , that was bad . 
  should n't have lied to enter the eurozone . 
  more like `` poor people '' . 
  you should add gypsies to your list .
