  never a bad plan tbh, 
  i agree with everything you 've said . 
  they go around respecting women as human beings in every country on the face of the earth , really it 's a disgrace . 
  of course noone read the article . 
   `` the aim is not to transform the army into people shooting in the streets anywhere anytime , but on the contrary to fix a framework both to secure safety in case of a terror attack and define key democratic controls . '' there are already soldiers guarding important monuments and administrations , under the vigipirate plan since 2003 . 
  the soldiers are not doing police work , they can not arrest anyone , they 're merely there to act as dissuasion for potential terrorists , and they 're only allowed to shoot in self defense . 
  the new law would refine their rules of engagement , including giving them the ability to shoot in defense of someone else under certain circumstances . 
  agreed . 
  exactly . 
  i agree with all of that , but still , most news outlets forecasted a clinton win . 
  that 's a strong word , but he was n't very popular by the end of his first term . 
  that 's exactly what they said about trump , and look at where we are now . 
   she might only win against sarkozy because he is that hated agreed . 
  people chose chirac over le pen senior , but marine is less hated than her father , and sarkozy is more hated than chirac was . 
   but do n't you see that you are forcing them to make that choice instead of just accepting the fact that they have a different belief system than you ? 
  noone is having second thoughts about forcing me to make a choice about my naruto headband . 
  because noone cares about my naruto headband and my stubborn refusal to remove it for five minutes . 
  rightfully so . 
  why do people care about the headscarf but not the naruto headband ? 
  they care about the headscarf because of the magical intangible being . 
  all i 'm saying is that a magical intangible being should n't even be a factor in a secular state . 
   you 're being no different than the people that fight against gay marriage or legalized marijuana . 
  to the countrary . 
  i 'm saying that people 's belief system should n't be relevant to policy making , only objective fact . 
  and it is an objective fact that the legislation for passports ( in france at least ) requires hair to be untied , and ears to be visible . 
   these are women that want to travel the world they still could . 
  they would just need to remove their hat for the picture and to talk to the border official . 
  just like everyone else does . 
   we are n't discussing adding an exception , we are discussing the idea of removing it . 
  i 'm not expecting the exception to be removed , i just think it 's stupid to have it in the first place . 
   and they wo n't do that . 
  it 's their choice . 
  not anyone else 's . 
  they decide that keeping the hat is more important than freedom of travel . 
  no one is making that decision for them . 
   but it is not up to us to decide what is important to these people . 
  you 're right , it 's not up to the state to decide what 's important to these people . 
  it is however up to the state to decide what facial features are important when determining someone 's identity and physical likeness . 
   prevent their ability to travel over something as insignificant as the ability to see their hair . 
  they 're not being prevented to travel . 
  the hat is n't glued on , it just needs to be removed to take the picture and while talking to the border officials . 
  if some people would rather stop traveling than do these things , it is their problem , not the government . 
   if you 're trying to get me to admit that wearing hijabs in general is stupid no , i 'm trying to get you to admit that allowing something on a passport for the sole reason that a * magical intangible being * told someone to wear it through a book is stupid . 
  wether the being in question is called god or flying spaggeti monster does n't change anything to that fact . 
  fine , then switch the naruto headband for a spaghetti strainer in my previous argument . 
  people have actually been allowed to wear it on official document . 
  is it not still stupid ? 
  then we agree , the exception for the hijab is just as stupid as an hypothetical exception for the naruto headband would be . 
  but then we 're back to the naruto headband . 
  the only difference is the magical intangible being , and i do n't think that should be an argument in a secular state . 
  i understand your argument about equity vs egality , and i agree with you . 
  i also agree that the whole headscarf thing is backwards and sexist , but that 's not what we 're discussing . 
  the thing is , identity does n't have anything to do with biometrics . 
  a passport is about biometrics and making sure you can identify a person from a picture . 
  it 's all it is about . 
  it 's not a tumblr `` about '' section . 
  it 's not supposed to express the way you see your identity . 
  it 's supposed to help secure borders and the flow of people . 
  and the argument about preventing people from traveling just does n't make sense . 
  they could still travel just as easily as before , they just have to get a new picture taken . 
  if they do n't want to and would rather stop traveling , it 's a choice they 're free to make , but do n't pretend it 's not a choice . 
  the hat is not sewn on anyone 's head . 
  if anyone choses to prioritise the hat over traveling , they can , but do n't pretend anyone but themselves is making that choice . 
  to be fair i 'm talking about the guidelines for a french passport because that 's the only ones i know , so you 're right , it 's going to vary for any country . 
  the elephant is physically unable to climb the tree . 
  noone is physically unable to remove a hat . 
  the guidelines for a passport photo include the fact that your hair ca n't be held back or tied , and that your ears must be visible . 
  the headscarf is clearly in violation of these guidelines . 
  i do n't see how `` identity '' should have any bearing on these very specific guidelines . 
  she would be forced to take it off to take her passport picture . 
  why is the cap different than the headscarf ? 
   because they want fair treatment with respect to their culture but they do n't get fair treatment . 
  fair treatment is `` everyone removes all headwear from their passport picture '' . 
  they get special treatment , special treatment is `` everyone removes all headwear from their passport picture , except in the case that a magical intangible being told you to wear that headwear '' . 
   denying them the passport on these grounds prevents them from traveling and enjoying the world beyond their country they can just do what everyone else does and remove the headwear . 
   it just seems like a sad waste of our time making this an issue . 
  there are lots of more pressing issues in the world , agreed . 
  however we 're discussing it at the moment , not those other issues . 
   i see enough of the face to identify the person you could still identify me if i wore a baseball cap , or a naruto headband . 
  but i 'm not allowed to wear those on my passport picture . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  because of all the reason to wear a hat on a picture , the only one that the secular western states see as valid is `` an intangible magical being told me to through a book '' . 
  it makes sense . 
  rekt, 
  but it does n't matter , if you do n't `` actualise '' every month you get kicked off p\u00f4le emploi . 
  so either way they 're out of the unemployment stats, 
   they should segregate refugees by ethnicity that 'll go over well lol, 
  so happy they arrested ( at least one of ) the perpetrator ( s ) . 
  he does n't get to take the easy way out , he does n't get to be a martyr . 
  he does however get to answer for his crime in court , that way at least the victim 's family can have ( some ) closure . 
  love the second picture , you 'd expect him to be the one checking out her ass , but nope, 
  i found out on cara delevingne 's instagram :\\ ^ ), 
  wiko phones are pretty shit , they seem good but do n't last long in my experience . 
  archos makes pretty good phones though . 
  true , i do n't know where i read that france was second behind the us , and i ca n't find it now , so yeah , you 're right . 
  i 'm just saying , that graph is slightly misleading . 
  that 's misleading , all of france 's nukes might not be on ballistic missiles or airlaunched missiles , but they 're in submarines , ready to be launched nonetheless . 
  those are numbers of warheads though . 
  true , what 's important is the ability to deliver the nukes , not the number of nukes , and our submarines give us that ability . 
  i just thought i saw a good oportunity to wave my country 's epeen around and took it .
