i guess that would be the exception that demonstrates the rule . 
  the parisians are worse than the french . 
   what 's the picture of turkey in the head of the average european ? 
  yup , to the average european turkey = eastern anatolia , pretty much . 
   except the french , they really are worse than everyone else can confirm . 
   i guess if someone from roma background behaved like an ordinary ethnic czech you would n't mind that person , would you ? 
  because he would n't know that he has a roma background . 
  it would just be a czech like any other , maybe a bit more tan than the average , but being czech is n't about skin color , it 's about what 's written on your id . 
   one of the reasons is because we call black people , black . 
  funny thing about that . 
  i 'm french , and in france the word for `` black '' is `` noir '' . 
  but to a lot of people , saying someone is `` noir '' sounds racist . 
  so they say `` il est black '' instead of `` il est noir '' , as if `` noir '' is an insult . 
  i 've been looked at funny for describing someone physically and saying he 's `` noir '' . 
  i 've seen a guy apologize to a black guy for describing him as `` noir '' . 
  just ranting about my pet-peeve because it 's relevant to the thread ... 
  is that you / a3g / ? 
   we see crazy people getting popular in france come on , marine le pen is bad , but she 's certainly not as bad as putin . 
  * come on * . 
   why does ireland even have a stance on the isreaeli-hamas/palestine/isis conflict anyway ? 
   honestly i just wish ireland would take a stance one way or the other . 
  okay man, 
  civcraft is leaking again, 
  dayz will probably get a bit less scary . 
  i chuckled at the paris line , but be careful , you wo n't piss off parisians with it , au contraire , that 's what they actually believe . 
  you 're right , after a bit of googling it seems sd cards ca n't be damaged by magnets . 
  the only thing it would require is a big ol' magnet . 
   according to a report in buzzfeed stopped reading there . 
  came here to say this , looks like lyon is in the langedoc separatist region , but you 'd be hard pressed to find anyone here who supports independence from france . 
    we have given galileo 's codes to the us got a source on that ? 
  it says so in the article , and in the video . 
  yes , but what ? 
  no i watch some tv , just not over adsl . 
  i still have about 20 channels . 
  to be fair , most people pay 30 a month , but they also get internet tv ( a couple hundred channels ) , and unlimited phone calls to a couple countries , as well as a `` box '' ( basically a modem with media server and vod capabilities ) , whereas i just get phone calls to france and a regular modem . 
  what do you mean 70 euros a month ? 
  i pay 24 euros a month . 
  is it really that fast though ? 
  i get 95bps on my home connection , would i be able to retain this speed on tor ? 
  also , my government only cares if people pirate stuff made in france . 
  i can pirate as many us shows and movies as i want , i never get in trouble . 
  the hadopi program is a joke . 
  i did n't know there was a new ban . 
  then again i 've been using google dns servers for quite some time now . 
  it also lowers your bandwidth by like 99.9999 %, 
  is it a thank you to cyprus or a fuck you to turkey ? 
   `` the film has plenty of overtly pornographic scenes , which take up most of the screen time '' lbi executive director denis davydov told russian daily izvestia welp , maybe i should see this movie after all . 
  thank you russian media !, 
  you sure they were apaches ? 
  attack helicopters seem a bit excessive . 
  it 's not a military like group , it 's the russian army . 
  never heard of this paper , how good of a source is it ? 
  i 'll admit its name does n't help my confidence . 
   west germany did just fine without the eastern part and eventually got it back without having to have a shooting war . 
  good point , and also a pretty good analogy , one that i did n't think of . 
  the thing is , east germany is still poorer that west germany , twenty years later . 
  so it 's not exactly a perfect scenario that you 're proposing here , it still involves destroying crimea 's economy . 
   putin would shut off oil/gas supply lines to europe wait for a month and then he would n't be able to do anything because he just dealt the final blow to his already crippled economy . 
  also blackberries, 
  on the other hand , both the uk and france have nukes , and submarines capable of delivering them anywhere on the globe . 
  i for one think that 's enough to insure the safety of both these countries , and their allies . 
  black ops 2 had spanish speaking vilains , that did n't make a whole lot of sense but it was refreshing . 
  yeah , but then you would have the wheel on the wrong side . 
   not using us services ( google , ... ) my mom 's a teacher , she did receive several notes from her administration telling her to move her school 's blog from blogspot to skyblog . 
  here we go again ... 
  besides my teacher mom bitching about having to start using a new text editor , no i do n't have a source , sorry !, 
  the french education ministry also switched from microsoft office to open office this year , and this means all schools will switch too . 
   if you 're a kid begging during school hours , police will come and find out why you 're not at school . 
  i wish the cops would do that in france . 
  school is free and mandatory for anyone under 16 , and it always annoy me that these kids parents would rather take them to beg in the subway than send them to school . 
  well we did n't really need that statistic to show that now did we, 
  of course , the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence . 
  well , it 's understandable , since they are . 
  to the contrary , the french are n't good enough for the french . 
  the french . 
  europe does n't need the us to be safe . 
  in number of nuclear warheads , france is the third nuclear power , and the uk is the fourth . 
  that 's golden . 
  in the child comment the guy says that without the us 's millitary spending russia or china would be free to invade finland . 
  yeah , that 's gon na happen . 
  to me balles is francs , but boules is euros . 
  are you kidding me , as a lowly it drone i would kill for the promise to have this man 's job ten years from now . 
  even dude bros like to buy a game , complete it , and sell it to buy the next one . 
  i live in lyon , and i see them very often at the main train stations . 
  french citizen here , it 's really common to see soldiers with the famas rifle patrolling in train station , airports , underground stations , as well as big touristic attractions , and not just in paris , during times of heightened threat ( the famous vigi pirate plan ), 
  yeah i know , it 's kind of weird when you think about it . 
  still , i was taught there 's only one race , the human race , at school . 
  did n't you ? 
  ha , i hate people who say that . 
  i 'm always the asshole who says `` tu sais que y' a un mot en fran\u00e7ais pour black , hein ? 
  but regardless , we 're talking about skin color , not race . 
   to use the word species here ( and in most english speaking countries i 'd imagine ) to refer to a person of another race would be considered to be very racist . 
  yep , i think using species in english and race in french is the same `` level of racism '' . 
   surely , the french have words for things like white people , black people , asians , latinos etc. 
  not * really * , no . 
  you 'll speak of someone 's origins ( but then they 're not black , they 're african ) , or someone 's ethnicity , or someone 's skin color , but never someone 's race . 
  while these concepts are close to the english word race , they 're not exactly the same thing , i think . 
  i 'm wondering this as well , in france while we do have the word `` race '' , we only use it for animals . 
  using it to refer to humans is not only very badly perceived in french culture , but it can be punished by the law . 
  every french pupil is taught that the definition of race is that two specimens of different races can not reproduce , or will only produce sterile offspring ( like horses and donkeys , for instance ) .
