   his premiership you know holland is n't prime minister ? 
  say what you want about the man 's domestic policies , but he 's been doing a pretty good job on the international stage . 
  wait , maybe it 's number of balistic missiles and not number of warheads . 
  you mean dwayne, 
   assuming no nukes also assuming yes nukes , france alone has more nukes than russia . 
  yes !, 
  i remember now !, 
  ah , highschool ... 
  thank you . 
  i used to also be able to say `` i 'm high '' which i think meant i 'm on a cloud or something , but i forgot, 
  that 's what a quick google search revealed , yeah , i was expecting something more ... real ? 
  less made up ? 
   bullet has someones name on it , explosive ordinance is for whom it may concern i 'm stealing this, 
   officially that 's the important word in that sentence . 
  please post a source about those orders , i want to read more about it . 
   so stupid . 
   portugal having roads i mean where else are they going to drive the ox-carts ? 
  maybe this could be the start of a life long friendship , like dale zelko and zoltan dani ? 
   all my grand ^ 5 - parents are verifiably french , except one who is swiss - nobody is perfect - . 
  well my grand ^ 6 parents are french , and none of them are swiss  my last name has a gallic root while also being the most french name you can ever devise . 
  my last name is also the name of a village in france that also happens to have a prehistoric cave painting site . 
  so my ancestors lived in france in prehistoric times . 
   i have an ancestor who at the age of 6 was spitting in the soup that was meant for the occupying prussian soldiers . 
  i have an ancestors who was pissing in the prussian 's soup at 5 . 
   i have a pristine participation record in voting . 
  i got so many stamps on my voter 's card i can redeem it for a free kebab . 
   i live in paris . 
  so you 're not french then , t\u00eate de veau . 
  so , yeah , checkmate . 
  hint : the most expensive parts of a prison are n't the barbells and video games either . 
  the tvs and mattresses are n't the most expensive parts in a prison you know . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right , i 'm just saying that 's why it 's done . 
  because jails are expensive and overcrowded . 
   who wants virgins ? 
  i mean you 've got eternity to break them in . 
   like an eternity of watching netflix on the sofa while eating a nice sausage pizza and some cheetos and a big glass of schweppes . 
  anything but 72 friggin ' virgins . 
  to be fair those are not mutually exclusive . 
   isnt this a myth ? 
  religion ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't think the people who commit terrorist acts motivated by islam are aware of that fact . 
  yes , we were talking about marion . 
  i mean how else do you explain angela , right ? 
  oh sure her name plays a huge role in the whole thing . 
  i just think it 's a bit weird to dismiss everything she does because she 's pretty . 
  just because she 's the youngest does n't mean the only value she has is being pretty . 
   had she been a nerdy looking mid-twenty man with the same opinions , she would n't be anywhere near a seat in parliament , and those subs would n't have noticed her at all . 
  that 's kinda sexist dude, 
  i mean she kind of is , no homo . 
  no more tears , only dreams now . 
  are you really surprised , coming form someone who ca n't spell `` annex '' ? 
   as close as we can get to our old guillotine-days . 
  * for now *, 
   however i do have an unusually well developed talent stack , coupled with strong ethics . 
  dude this is n't an interview . 
   carr\u00e8e you tried :-), 
   they really need to work on a solid plan b. 
  why do you think it is they are buying companies and football teams abroad , while building luxury hotels and resorts in their countries , as well as massive airports to make themselves into a transportation hub between europe and asia ? 
  they 're not stupid , they have a plan b. 
  or about minitel really makes you think does n't it, 
  i do n't know how i can explain it better than in my first post frankly, 
  you have n't mentioned the minitel though . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  us military : rekt minitel : incarnation of french overwhelming technological superiority, 
   frau angie mutti merkel for you, 
   bullshit really interesting article , thanks for sharing . 
  and handsome . 
   you sound like trump . 
  except it 's easier to forgive his grammar because english is n't his first language . 
  forgiving trump 's though ... 
   which air superiority fighter are you going to use to compete with mig35s ? 
  how are you going to counter long range buk and s400 missile systems ? 
  rafale , son  how are you going to stop the huge armoured/mechanised numerical advantage the russians have if you ca n't maintain total air supremacy ? 
  leclerc , son  how are you going to gain the advantage in electronic warfare without an awac fleet to speak of ? 
  minitel , son . 
  baiser is a noun , that means `` kiss '' . 
  baiser on the other hand , is a verb , that means `` to fuck '' . 
  you see it 's all about context here . 
  no it 's definitely illegal . 
  i think the niquab law was only the logical continuation of the previous laws that existed , and that were targeting christians . 
  you 're not allowed to wear a cross necklace , or a shirt that says `` i love jesus '' in a public school , or public building , for instance . 
  this has been part of the french identity since the r\u00e9volution , and i like it that way . 
  i think it was only fair that the law was updated to adapt to the new religions that exist on our territory . 
  and i do n't think the problem is with muslims not feeling accepted . 
  they 're citizens like everyone else . 
  the problem is with the mentality that the republic should cater to the needs and wants of their religion , when the french tradition on the matter always was '' ** worship whoever you want , as long as you do it behind closed doors and shut the fuck up about it ** '' . 
  this is a fundamental problem , but as i said before , it 's only a matter of time before it solves itself . 
   not so sure i agree . 
  after all , you did for example ban the niquab . 
  if anything , your politicians have more balls in these issues than most other europeans . 
  good point . 
  sarkosy 's presidency was mixed on this issue . 
  he did do the whole niquab thing ( which officially has nothing to do with islam , the law is about concealing your face in public and while driving ) , but he also appointed someone to represent the muslims of france in front of the government , which i do n't think we needed . 
  they 're citizens like everyone else , they have senators , mayors , etc , to represent them , just like every other french citizen . 
  that is mainly the cause of my concern . 
  regarding your points one and two , i completely agree on that . 
  you also have to look at history to see a pretty good example of what 's happenning today . 
  christianity did n't accept to live in a secular state overnight . 
  it took century , and there were civil wars about it ( in france ) .
