  since a black man and a white woman can produce perfectly viable offspring , they 're obviously part of the same race . 
  google it yourself fucker ? 
  i carry one wallet for money and cards , and one for these retardedly large id and license . 
  they did look russian !, 
  wait ... our military has to rent aircrafts to move vehicles around the world ? 
  no\u00ebl is an old and disused word for joy . 
  in france you ca n't have it displayed at your shop 's window , but you can sell it . 
  source on that ? 
  even mein kampf is n't banned . 
   good game nice fedora, 
  agreed . 
  it 's bad enough when people say `` fil '' instead of `` thread '' , but this ... 
  why did you translate subreddit to `` sousjlailu '' but not reddit to `` jlailu '' though ? 
   make sure they 're tall , ripped i mean if they 're crs it stands to reason that they would be . 
  if you do n't do a better job than that you 're going to get fired from your troll factory , step it up . 
   ukraine is n't a big country you wot m80, 
  you 're loose, 
   that \u00b4 s not real islam guys !, 
  muh scottsman, 
   why would they want to start a race war that they could n't possibly win ? 
  how could they lose with god on their side ? 
  nope ? 
  yeah , but then again , marie mar\u00e9chal is pretty hot ... 
  it 's not just the weight loss , i do n't know , her face looks different . 
  whaaaaaat , is that really her ? 
   uhm ... you seem to have shitty taxi drivers . 
  that 's the whole point i 'm trying to make  or mabye your confusing taxis with the bus ? 
  atm = / = bus stop  well , i said it before and i will say it again , even before uber made advances to the european market my phone had a taxi app with this functionality pre-installed . 
  i 'm not aware of any such applications in my city . 
  that is also kind of my point , if taxis had apps like this , people would n't be so quick to discard them in favor of uber . 
  like i said , it 's not about being cheaper ( if you 're using uber berline during a surge , it 's not always cheaper ) , it 's about being more convenient . 
  this is the kind of things taxis need to do more of . 
   if they take you for the scenic route you report them and get a refund . 
  but then it 's their word against mine . 
  uber has a log of the path taken . 
  once i asked my uber driver to make a detour to pick up a friend on the way , later uber emailed me asking about the detour , i suspect the driver would have been penalized if i did n't tell them i asked for it . 
   so you would risk having damages that the driver ca n't pay for and your insurance wo n't pay for because you can pay cashless . 
  now that 's a good point . 
  i actually rode uber with a friend who works in insurance a couple times , he 'd ask the drivers about their insurance most of the time . 
  a few of them had taken the initiative to be insured even for third parties riding with them in the car . 
  i 'm not going to pretend every driver does this , but it shows that there 's a legal framework already existing for that . 
  uber probably should require drivers to subscribe to that with their insurers . 
   because you can pay cashless . 
  it 's not just the cashless thing , it 's the fact that it 's a lot more convenient . 
  being cashless is part of that , i never carry any , i do n't like cash . 
  if taxis were as convenient as uber ( as they apparently are in your city ) , i 'd use them . 
  but they 're not , so i do n't . 
  so instead of attacking people in the street , and blocking traffic during rush hour , maybe they should try to modernize and become more convenient to use is all i 'm saying . 
   well despite the apps already being available , the only reason why uber can compete with traditional taxi companies is because they use unlicensed drivers that do n't pay the necessary insurances . 
  false , i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , even if uber was as expensive as a taxi , i 'd still use uber . 
  why ? 
  here 's why * uber will drop me off where i want to be dropped off , not at the nearest atm so i can withdraw some cash and pay them . 
  because uber does n't live in the stone age and accepts payment in forms other than an exchange of pieces of semi rare metals and printed paper . 
  * if i want an uber i open an app , wait ten seconds for the gps to get a fix , and press a button . 
  if i want a taxi , i search for a number on the phone book website , get put on hold for ten minutes , get told they have no cars available , search for another number , get put on hold for ten minutes , get told the next car available is in an hour . 
  an hour and a half later , the taxi calls me , asks me to explain where i am ( despite having given the address to the lady at the call center ) , is n't satisfied with being given a postal address and wants to be explained how to get where i am from the highway ( i do n't have a car , i do n't know where the highway is ) . 
  to sum up , it takes fifteen minutes between the moment i decide to get an uber and the moment i get in the car . 
  it takes an hour and a half for the same process in a taxi . 
  and this is n't an exaggeration either , this is the actual story of the time i took a taxi before i found out about uber . 
  * if an uber driver takes a detour , i can report him to uber and they refund me . 
  it 's not about the price , it 's about the service . 
  you 've just resurrected a fantasy that had been at rest for five years ... 
  i do n't think i 'll ever get over lena, 
   you have tried to access a web page which is in violation of your internet usage policy . 
   url : fuckyeahjacqueschirac.tumblr.com /  category : pornography riiiiiiight ... 
  b-but that would be racist / s, 
  yeah , and then they wonder why people chose to use uber instead of them . 
  what do you expect the taxi driver to do ? 
  treat a filthy foreign tourist with respect and not scam him ? 
  you 're being a lunatic !, 
  this holds true for any country in my opinion . 
  also not just for tourists . 
  yeah , according to this logic france , germany and italy should each invade a third of switzerland . 
  also france could invade half of belgium . 
  looks like dogs to me, 
  yeah , colloquially people just say world cup , but the world football is featured heavily on branding , adverts , etc during the world cup . 
  can you imagine how confusing that would be ? 
  they do n't even call the sport by its name . 
  can you imagine how confusing it would be for the whole world if the world football cup was hosted there and just for this year it was called the world soccer cup ? 
  checks out, 
   only allowing upvotes makes no sense . 
  you 've never been to / r/whowouldwin or / r/asksciencefiction , have you ? 
   the propaganda trolls are so obvious but where are proofs ? 
  that 's the joke, 
  i heard you, 
  so then why did you write < < 's   , indicating a possession ? 
  i understand , but what thing owned by a tumblurina strikes again ? 
  tumblurina 's what ? 
   if you read it , most of the time you know how to pronounce it i love how `` aimer '' and `` amer '' have the end of the word pronounced differently , even though it 's spelled the exact same way . 
  ca n't barrage the farage, 
  grease pay denbts, 
   people are not , as a rule of thumb , stupid . 
  stupidity is the worst explanation for any form of human behavior you obviously do n't work in it :d, 
  ca n't barrage the farage, 
  i love how the guy is clapping , and slowly stops once it becomes apparent that the vehicle is on fire . 
  of course it 's not my problem , i 'm just giving my opinion . 
  respect the robot . 
   regardless , schools ( like mine here in america ) , should provide enough meals so that nobody is relegated to violating their religious belief . 
  i disagree . 
  schools should provide balanced and healthy food , and if that 's not good enough for you , you 're free to eat elsewhere .
