   or is allergic to eg . 
  shellfish being allergic to something is n't the same thing as refusing to eat it for religious reason . 
  one 's a medical reason , the other 's a personal choice . 
   did you feel the same about france ? 
  when they deployed troops in paris ? 
  the troops are still there , and not just in paris , most cities have them . 
  but the thing is , they 're not cops . 
  they 're not allowed to arrest you . 
  they 're only here in case someone starts shooting up people , that 's it . 
   unarmed i think he was armed though . 
  we had it first , back off, 
  probably a bunch in his kitchen cupboards , why ? 
  went to finland once , met a guy named pekka , so ... 
  just fyi i 'm a leftist . 
  i vote left on every election . 
  but you just ca n't practically accept every single migrant and not expect it to not have consequences socially and economically . 
   people high fiving each other over how great it is that europe helps create this situation in the first place nobody thinks that . 
  colonialism sucks , the situation in africa sucks , but we 're here now , and sheltering all of the world 's misery in europe is n't a practical solution . 
  if there was a way to make everyone on the planet happy and safe nobody would be against it , but accepting everyone in and tanking the economy in the process is n't that . 
   imprison them . 
  but then it 's even more expensive that putting them on welfare, 
   detain them while we find out where they are from . 
  in other words , house and feed them . 
  it 's even more expensive than giving them welfare , that 's exactly what we 're trying to avoid . 
  then we make sure they 're using air france , at least these shenanigans would be good for the economy !, 
  but what do you do with them ? 
  then we 're back to the `` catapult across the mediterranean '' idea . 
  maybe you could be a more attractive prospect if you could into space . 
   how about medical help to lower child mortality that would n't work , because the catholic church would tell them it 's a sin to wrap it , and that god wants them to have as many kids as they possibly can . 
  ca n't barrage the farage !, 
  ca n't barrage the farrage, 
   kiev 's aggression forty cakes, 
  these five percent are part of the 30 french percent tho ;-), 
  lawyered, 
   europe 's only aircraft carrier to be fair you do n't really need an aircraft carrier when you 're fighting on your home turf , you can just use airfields . 
   you do not need baseload lolwut, 
  i live in the occitan area of the map , have lived there all my life . 
  not once in my life have i heard someone speak occitan . 
  it 's just silly to have it on the map . 
  there 's only one language spoken in france , and that 's french . 
  god i miss finland, 
  well , not where they 're from :-p, 
   perkele i just love that word, 
   there are many different branches of the islam , it 's not one single unity . 
  muh scottsman, 
  yes , it bothers me . 
  i keep saying that if voice actors were good actors , they would be actors , not voice actors . 
  well yeah technically . 
  reinforcements from the gendarmerie were also sent . 
  it was stupid to ask for the army when police reinforcements were already there from elsewhere in the country . 
  in 2013 someone ( i do n't remember who , i think it was the mayor ? ), 
  requested the army to be sent to marseille because they had problems with gangs using weapons of war ( you guessed it , ak47s ) . 
  the government spokeperson replied that marseille is n't at war so there is no reason for the army to be sent there , and the police has the means to deal with it . 
  it 's pretty much the same situation here . 
  in theory only the president himself can order it , and it has to be in accordance with the [ code of defense ] ( http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichcode.do;jsessionid=563a2fbc6cdcc7cc8a0c2daf2c9387e6.tpdjo05v_3?idsectionta=legiscta000006166895&amp;cidtexte=legitext000006071307&amp;datetexte=20130912 ), 
  the answer is no . 
  there is no need for the army , the police can deal with this . 
  a policeman once told me `` you do n't become a policeman because you 're racist , it 's being a policeman that makes you racist '' . 
  think of that what you will . 
  even with a five year margin they could determine this thirty year old is n't fourteen . 
  they could determine it with a fifteen year margin . 
  somehow it would be racist to claim otherwise i guess ? 
   which laws ? 
  the law of the republic . 
  the only one that 's in effect in france . 
  remove kebab remove kebab you are worst turk . 
  you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , bosnia we will never forgeve you . 
  cetnik rascal fuck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare . . turk genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead turk . . ahahahahahbosnia we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove kebab from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill bosnia ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in serbia , tupac making album of serbia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink turk ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt tupac alive numbr one # 1 in serbia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  serbia greattst countrey, 
  so funny !, 
  thanks for that link !, 
  ca n't stump the trump, 
  marion is pretty hot tho, 
  with a title like that i thought i was on r/4chan about to read a post from / int / or / pol /, 
   now represented by marion , marine 's niece . 
  who 's also pretty hot , right ? 
  usually i agree with you on the fact that just because things have always been done one way does n't mean they should be done that way . 
  but secularism is about thinking that being free from religion in the public space is more important than being free to practice religion anywhere and anytime . 
   as a canadian , i would rather have police in turbans and hijab to include religious minorities good thing you can have that as a canadian then . 
   rather than projecting a narrowly secular state . 
  and i 'd rather have a secular state , even if religious people do n't like it . 
  they should adapt to the french ideal of secularism , and not the other way around . 
   but national differences ... 
  precisely , my moose riding friend . 
  that 's just how it works here . 
  you 're allowed to have whatever religion you want , but you keep it to yourself , and noone should be able to tell what religion you belong to . 
  you can wear your religious symbols at home , at your place of worship , and in the street , but not at work or in school . 
  it 's all a legacy of the french revolution , the whole `` struggle of the common folk against the nobility and the ecclesiasty . '', 
  have them suck dick , obviously,
