  you ca n't expect the transition to go smoothly for islam . 
  i do hope ( and expect it ) to go much more quickly than that , but it will take time . 
  how do you know they are immigrants ? 
  all we know is they are muslims . 
  most muslims who emigrated , and saw the difference between their home country and france have a lot more respect for its institution . 
  the ones who resort to this behaviour are usually born in france , and do not know what a theocracy really looks like , which explains why they want one . 
   they think they are fighting some sort of holy war , but all they achieve by this is to just harm their own religion 50 times over . 
  they do n't care , because they think they 're fighting a holly war . 
  the laws of the french republic are second only in their eyes to the laws of the quran . 
   beating the shit out of everything ( ** especially itself ** ) for two thousand years . 
  ftfy . 
  really you just have to look at our history . 
  i 'm french and i can assure you that what he says is true . 
  the french political class really goes out of its way in an effort not to be seen as islamophobic . 
  i 'm french and i voted finland . 
  also true from where i stand . 
   the french media have catalogued the us election as if documenting the mating habits of an amazonian tribe very true . 
  it seemed to me , and to the various journalists that i heard chronicle the election on tv , that there were no real issues raised at any point during the campaign . 
  they talked about abortion , they talked about cutting taxes and the role of government ( while remaining very vague about what it means ) , and above all , they flaunted their celebrity endorsments ( jay-z and bruce springsteen for instance ) , and the american public voted based on that . 
  seemingly thinking that these were valid issues . 
  very different from the french election earlier this year . 
  at least that 's how i viewed it as a european . 
  i know ... 
  but let 's look at the bright side !, 
  okay reddit , you can try all you want , you wo n't get me to give a shit about sandy . 
  i 'm just glad it prevents people from posting their halloween costumes . 
  yeah but in a good way, 
  french man here . 
  this perplexes me as well . 
  it perplexes me even more than my banker ca n't seem to wrap his mind around the concept that my hours do n't allow me to meet him in person . 
  he lives in the same country . 
  i 'm guessing he has the same problem . 
  why does n't he get it ? 
   turkey does not have the same democratic history and values as the majority of the eu . 
  turkey had women 's suffrage before a good number of european countries . 
  wow . 
  i always goo to the toilet in the university i used to attend . 
  i even remember the secluded bathroom where you can poop in peace . 
  i 'm sure it will , yes . 
  let 's just hope they 're quicker to do it than the christians , because the world is moving much faster now and they wo n't have the leisure of taking as much time . 
   nothing against islam specifically . 
  the thing is , while all the abrahamic religions are deeply sexist and homophobic at their cores , christianism and judaism learned to hide it pretty well . 
  islam has n't , and that 's the core of the issue , for me at least . 
  little issue . 
  i 'm in favour of non commercial file sharing . 
  i also think that non commercial file sharing hurts the industry . 
  what i would like to be clear is that while i think that , i also think that the industry can go fuck itself , because it 's the artists and that i 'm interested in supporting . 
   and we do have control over these political and economic things oh you have control over the worldwide recession ? 
  good for you . 
  please do something about it ? 
  okay , point given, 
  the artist had french actors , ghost rider had american actors , the fith element had american actors . 
  well the fifth element was shot in hollywood . 
  god i hate these movies . 
  why would i call you antisemite , you didi n't say anything about jewish people . 
  is everything black and white with you ? 
  you still sound like a highschooler . 
  i still do n't want to talk politics with you . 
  i 'm not against multiculturalism , nor am i against immigration . 
  multiculturalism is good , it 's when people embrace the culture of the country they move to , while keeping the culture they had before they left . 
  the two mix together , and out comes something new , that kept the best part of the two . 
  this is the exact opposite of what some people are doing : moving to a new country , and then demanding that this new country adapts its culture to respect your cultures taboos . 
  if anything , these events are caused by communitarianism , and lack of multiculturalism . 
   chief propagandist for sarkozy  factual claims okay, 
  you sound like a high schooler who thinks everyone who 's not as far left inclined as he is is a fascist far rightist at the heel of the ump . 
  so i 'll just stop discussing politics with you . 
   poverty fosters radicalism . 
  very true . 
  but the ones waging war in the middle east are n't the ones making the comics . 
  i do n't see how stopping war means stopping the comics , or vice versa . 
  and i certainly hope it will change before a hundred years , for their own sake , because as the rest of the world becomes more and more secular , the parts that stay as superstitious as they are are going to be left behind . 
  on the contrary i think there 's no better time to do it . 
  muslims have to get other the fact that they 're not special , and they do n't have any right to demand of other people that they do n't make fun of them . 
  charlie tries to accomplish that in the only way they can : by making fun of them . 
  this morning on i  tv they interviewed this dude ( i do n't remember who or what he was , i was still a bit sleepy ) who said that even though it was very disrespectful of islamic beliefs , muslims should protest in other ways , such as through court . 
  this is bullshit . 
  what are they going to bring to court ? 
  over what charges ? 
  this is n't saudi arabia or pakistan , you ca n't trial people for blasphemy . 
  there 's only one way muslims should respond to this : getting the fuck over it . 
  people make fun of their faith ? 
  tough shit . 
  their faith is n't any more important than anyone else . 
  they should n't read charlie if they do n't like what they publish , no one 's making them . 
  okay we have n't been reading the same article . 
  mine talks about how he thinks segolene royal was too right wing for him . 
  also we probably have n't been listening to the same france inter , because mine is fairly left wing inclined . 
  there are laws in france that forbid advocating racism , as well as denying the holocaust . 
  there are no laws that forbid making fun of mohammed , and until there is one , charlie hebdo is well within their right to do so . 
  these are hardly the actions of a right winger . 
  that was a quick google search . 
  i 'll admit i do n't actually read it , but come on , calling charlie a right wing paper is just non sense . 
  [ behold , a pro sarkozy journal 's cover ] ( http://storage.canalblog.com/34/37/177230/36645119.jpg ), 
  but the two other abrahamic religions did the transition already . 
  it was long and painful , but now it 's done . 
  islam still has to do it , and until they do , we 'll have problems of the like of which we 're having now . 
  where the hell did you get that idea ? 
  charlie hebdo is a far left paper , always has been very critic of sarkozy , and he was n't spared by their satire , far from it . 
  seriously . 
  what 's with all that french on r/europe today,
