  oh , we also have plenty of those too . . 
  he is cretan ? 
  that explains a lot ... 
  it is n't an argument , that is my point . 
  there is a difference between expressing your oppinions and fishing for angry reactions . 
  the later being the very definition of a troll . 
  i had the nato bombings in mind , but i guess that too :(, 
  i totally agree and while i do n't know what op meant , his argument was `` serbs are no friends '' . 
  plus there is more to the greek-serbian friendship than common religious background . 
  well , `` serbs are not friends '' implies that no greek likes serbs , which is false . 
  `` i do n't like serbs '' is an oppinion . 
  either troll or butthurt . 
  to be honest , the gypsy stereotype may be more prevalent . 
  just look at our news , what comes to your mind whenever you hear about `` romanian gangs '' ? 
  thank you . 
  honestly romania may be the most impressive and unexpected economical success . 
  the fact that you managed to develop in a relatively short time span is truly inspiring . 
  i only hope that greece will eventually be added to the success stories ... 
  well but where do you draw the line ? 
  if 4chan is anything to go by , the internet is full of racist bullshit , did you really have to arrest a man to make a point ? 
  if anything , you only made the legit nazis more angry . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/09/nazi-pug-man-arrested-after-teaching-girlfriends-dog-to-perform/ ), 
  well , we ca n't expect them to clean the streets if they do n't clean themselves . 
  well i still do n't quite get that . 
  does n't the schengen area only refer to eu citizens ? 
  i think he asks why b is staying and not fleeing . 
  well i read a story where a dude went to jail for teaching his pug the nazi salute . 
  so it is n't exactly `` parts of the ideology '' . 
  speaking of which , i am pretty sure banning an ideology is not ( yet ) possible . 
  what you can ban , is the actions that follow the said ideology . 
  do n't worry , we are getting there.in fact , our politicians are currently working on that . 
  they are only cringy because they are generalisation . 
  every culture has positive and negative traits , but they are far more complex than `` x people are always good/bad '', 
  i have a feeling they will be coming back ... 
  hot potato !, 
  even the phrase started getting on my nerves , why not call it `` misinformation '' or `` propaganda '' ? 
  at this point , it is just clickbait that generates more revenue for tabloids . 
  for the third time , i do n't defend the statement as it is indeed an appeal to emotion , all i am saying is that deep down , behind the fear mongering lies a legit argument . 
  yes the statement itself is a false equivalency and overly exaggerated to emotionally manipulate people who already feel ucomfortable around refugees . 
  all i am saying is that people sometimes forget that you are not just helping those people , you are inviting them in your country . 
  they will be your coworkers , your neighbors , your friends . 
  we need a stricter border control policies , letting thousands of undocumented people could only lead to bigger troubles . 
  well yea , it is called border control and our goverments had been doing it for a while . 
  terrorism of that scale was n't that frequent in any way ( at least not in europe ) . 
  that 's exactly what i said , it is a simplified and weak statement , but behind it lies is a conversation to be had . 
  i did n't imply that the quote should be taken literally . 
  i disagree for two reasons : 1 ) it can easily be avoided . 
  2 ) the situation is only getting worse . 
  additionaly , i do n't think that terrorism is the only consequence of the immigration crisis . 
  a shitty statement , that hides behind a legit ( although simplified ) argument . 
  people are often detatched from the consequenses of the immigration crisis . 
  they start with good intentions , but they often forget that they will evetually be living with those people . 
  well i agree , but why not start with kids from your country ? 
  like it or not , we are organized into smaller communities , why not start by helping the people in your town ? 
  seriously for every article about yet another terrorist attack , there is always another one about importing new criminals . 
  it is scary how terrorism is starting to become a normal occurence , something we `` filter out '' . 
  no more filters or hashtags , just another report and move on . 
  so since we ca n't ban cars lets open up the prisons !, 
  what a stupid argument ... 
  i ca n't remember the article ( i think it was on a pretty liberal news outlet , i will try to find it ) , but there was a reporter that supported that the real reason for terrorist attacks is to increase the hate against muslims , thus alienating and then eventually radicalising more of them . 
  i dont think he meant that . 
  he implied that the french wo n't let the terrorists spread terror so easily . 
  i hope it is true ... 
  thats why i said she was a factor and not the cause . 
  you could argue that the immigrants would come anyway , but the whole open-border policy she followed has been a disaster . 
  and 0.4 % even poorer !, 
  going against the popular oppinion and actually producing commentable results is admirable . 
  being a pivotal part of one of the worse humanitarian crisis of this century is not . 
  i guess it is not the only issue , but it is very probable that the reaction will be far more intense than the action itself . 
  do n't believe everything you read , especially when it comes to the guardian . 
  it was kendrick holding his new album `` unity '' that rushed into the stage . 
  the flamingo was just there to distract us from the important stuff going on . 
  well they are n't exactly `` nuisance thieves '' either . 
  there are a lot of gypsy gangs , organ trafficking , drug smuggling etc. . . 
  that is true even here . 
  whenever you hear about a romanian gang , you know what is going on . 
  well i expected them to be low , but lower than the gypsies ? 
  man that says a lot ... 
  is n't it just lovely . 
  we managed a record-low temperature of about -20 c where i live . 
  the country was so unprepared we had massive problems and most households did n't have running water for a few days . 
  is n't it just lovely . 
  we managed a record-low temperature of about -20 c where i live . 
  the country was so unprepared we had massive problems and most households did n't have running water for a few days . 
  you and me both brother . 
  i like my country but i hope there was light at the end of the tunnel ... 
  thanks for clearing it up . 
  it would be cool ( although too risky for kids ) if you entered the house from the roof . 
  oh well , maybe a bigger `` adult '' house will become a thing . 
   i heard from a few indians that this attitude is also prevalent in india , so maybe it 's a defense mechanism for `` great '' but poor nations . 
  oh it is definetely prevalent here . 
  i ca n't get people to shut up about the wonders of the ancient greeks , greek literature , history etc even when they know hardly anything about the subject . 
  is the ladder on the front part of the attraction or is it just an emergency exit ? 
  i guess you are right . 
  nazism is almost completely eradicated and the few people that still follow this ideology are treated the way they should . 
  on the other hand islam has not only prevailed , but the ideology and its followers have also expanded to the west . 
  i would be very interested reading what distinguishes islam from other radical ideologies . 
  well i am not sure there is something to `` admire '' , but i agree with your statement . 
  it amazes me how this comment that would have been downvoted to the bottom a few years back is now considered a valid oppinion ( which i personally began sharing a few months back ) . 
  the tide is changing and i am not sure who will eventually drown .
