  it is said this is a cult though . 
  i am not saying that christianity has n't got any wrong doings , because there are plenty , but i do n't believe this is one of them . 
  honest question : are there a lot of nazi inmates ? 
  in other words is there a fear of radicalization while in prison ? 
  actually holocaust deniers argue on the scale and the methods . 
  i am not saying the theories are valid and less belittling for the victims , but it is n't full-blown tinfoil hat conspiracies . 
  i used to believe in everyones right to privacy.however seeing all the shit people are able to do and write when they are ( or think they are ) anonymous changed my mind . 
  i honestly would rather have someone reading my text messages and google search , than another terrorist attack or cp being distributed . 
  i mentioned barbies just to show that sometimes parent may have good intentions but fail to understand that a childs behavior is n't directly linked to its sexuality nor is it static . 
  it is n't uncommon for a child to be confused and feel like a boy/girl , that does n't imply it is transexual . 
  of course , the matter is really complicated , but i ca n't help but feel that encouraging a child to adopt a sexual identity is bad . 
   do you really believe the parents are going to induce their child to be the opposite of what they actually are ? 
  yes , i honestly do . 
  if i recall correctly , there was this story about a boy being forced to dress as a girl by his mother . 
  now , i am not saying to just write off trans kids because i believe they do exist , but i also do believe there are parents encouranging their kids to play with toys of the opposite gender/dress with clothes of the opposite gender etc. 
  i do n't think that we should push children to identify as either male or female , before they are mature enough to question their own sexuality . 
  jimmy may want to play with barbies , that is ok , but naming him trans and encouraging him to change his pronouns/clothes can be damaging in the long run . 
  i would really like a someone to explain to me , whether transexuality is something you are born with or just stems from environmental factors . 
  i have n't met a child who would like to identify as something other , and honestly this whole thing looks like parents forcing their political views on their children . 
  i am open to a second point of view . 
  `` you could just go around the christmas market '', 
  i think that so far only one death is confirmed . 
  death penalty for both men and women !!, 
  we already have a term for fascist ... `` fascist '', 
  do n't forget the doctors !, 
  ahh , nocture in c sharp minor ... this was my dads favourite piece , whenever my friends came over he would always go downstairs and play it . 
  beautifully played man , well done . 
  a friend sends us a panettone every christmas . 
  i am embarassed to admit i love it , especially with some jam . 
  or drunk . 
  given the number of new arrivals , not for long, 
  while you are right , i think a distinction should be made between natives and first/second generation immigrants . 
   securing europe 's borders wo n't end problems.those people escape from war.if they ca n't get to europe and if europe does n't cooparate with neighbooring countries those people will suffer . 
  we agreed on taking syrian refugees , not the whole population of mena countries . 
   many european countires accepted to take refugees with treaties and if they do n't take any , europe will be seen as cruel and untrustworthy if this is the price we have to pay , so be it . 
   and i am not even adding the fact that neighbooring countires will get more unstable which will damage eu economicly ( maybe even more refugees ) . 
  how exactly ? 
  oh those poo extremist , just wan na blow up and go own with their lives . 
  exactly , i had always paid my taxes but this level is just unimaginable , i do n't think i will be able to for much longer . 
  you have to admit , we would probably win the gold . 
    we need people that will open jobs , not close them . 
    like , say , high skilled immigration ? 
   how on earth will high skilled workers open jobs ? 
  i was talking about investors , business owners or even farmers . 
   things have calmed down nope , i would argue that things have gotten worse . 
  the goverment literally drains us to create a virtual surplus , so that is why you stopped hearing about the situation . 
  he is right though , majority may be a poor choice of words but greece has the higher unemployment rates in all of europe . 
  we need people that will open jobs , not close them . 
  i explained it in another comment . 
  while no one can be sure , do n't thick that roma child trafficking rings are not a thing , especially in bulgaria and greece . 
  in my oppinion hearing songs in other languages was half the charm , now everything sounds like the same generic pop-esque radio song . 
  last year , i went to a friend 's house to see the final and we were all severely dissapointed with the quality drop . 
  i do n't think i will be watching it this year . 
  well it is not even fun anymore . 
  there was a time where eurovision was full of pop-traditional songs . 
  the quality did n't really matter that much , at least they were unique and there was some fun to be had . 
  now everything feels like a slight variation of the same stereotypical ballad , you hardly ever hear a language other than english . 
  yep , but i still believe there needs to be a strict screening process , otherwise things can easily take a bad turn ... 
  depends , skilled workers ( say in it ) are completely unecessary . 
  we have low demand and high supply . 
  investors on the other hand are totally welcome and much needed . 
  i do n't understand why you are being downvoted , you are totally right . 
   older , richer incoming immigrants can open businesses though . 
  that would be godsend . 
  we need more open job positions , more money flow , less tax avoidance , more businesses and even an improved argiculture . 
  if you are looking for a skilled job ( like it ) do n't even bother , greece already has an influx of young educated skilled workers . 
  if you decide to come here choose thessaloniki for your own sake . 
  athens is really ugly . 
  not quite . 
  the argument was that some millenials revolt becuase there are no alternatives , so i said that they should propose one themselves . 
  gay marriage and marijuana legalization are valid issues but hardly enough to be considered a full political stance and could not replace neither canditate . 
  my point is it is not a political stance , it is a social one ( and a minor one at that ) . 
  you can run a party on legalizing marijuana , along with a valid basic socioeconomic proposal . 
  i personally am indifferent to marijuana , many friends of mine did it and it did n't have neither positive nor negative impact on them . 
  yes , there are only a few kidnapping stories i am aware of but it happens . 
  mostly , the mother just sells her child . 
  i am not sure what is more depressing ... 
  but le evil jews . 
   you do realize that some gypsies have blonde hair and green/blue eyes , right ? 
  not in greece and not in the same truck anyway . 
  ever been to a gypsy ghetto in the balkans ? 
  there are virtually none white gypsies . 
  now there might have been a chance that the child was albino , but if you believe roma [ child trafficking ] ( https://euobserver.com/investigations/131625 ) is prevalent you are mistaken . 
  i personally know couples or single mothers who have adopted kids . 
  my mother has also been a lawyer ( paid by the state ) for a few gypsies accused of selling their children . 
  edit : it seems like every times gypsies come up in this sub , a downvoting brigade ensues . 
  anyone care to explain what you disagree with ? 
  no they stole it . 
  white kids are more desirable and fetch a higher price . 
  despicable really ... 
  sadly this is old news.i remember a decade ago , my father was driving in the city when he spotter a crying white blonde kid in a rusty truck full of gypsies . 
  he wrote down the license plate and called the police only to be told that they get tens of calls every week and they unfortunately `` ca n't do anything '' . 
  i still sometimes think about that poor kid . 
  yea , as lovely as it is now , i do n't even dare to think how awful the summer will be . 
  i would honestly prefer eternal winter . 
  they are apparently comparing all muslims to terrorists , oh how far we 've come . . 
  you realize that is not a real political position though , do n't you ? 
  you ca n't possibly expect to run a campaign on legalizing marijuana . 
  i ca n't believe that fairy tale keeps being parroted . 
  puting cultural differences between polish and menas aside , how is the `` open border policy '' a western value .
