  would you let those people live in your neighborhood ? 
  i assume they would be allowed to leave any time they want . 
  we do n't need to . 
  immigrants hate greece and most of them do also hate greeks ( keep in mind athens is the only european capital without a mosque ) . 
  every single immigrant comes to greece in order to get to germany or sweden . 
  if they know this is not the case , they wont even try and i am 99.9 % sure , most of the immigrants that are here will leave on their own . 
  this isnt about whether it is right to leave or to stay . 
  this is whether it is right to return and somehow be welcomed back with open arms . 
  i have to wonder , what about those who did n't leave because they felt the need to support their country ? 
  should n't they get something better in return ? 
  while i do believe that you are being a bit over-emotional i can see your point . 
  i do n't find it absurb that people do want a better future , but something bugs me with the idea that people leave their country in the blink of an eye not looking back twice . 
  would i call them traitors ? 
  would i accept them back ? 
  yes . 
  can anything be done to reward people like you ? 
  most likely not . 
  but i do agree with the notion that the most `` loyal '' citizens should somehow be rewarded . 
  many citizens have let the country to tear apart . 
  them going back to find it `` ready '' is somehow not right , it is unfair . 
  i think it depends . 
  someone who leaves their country while young will find it much harder to identify as his country of origin . 
  however , as time passes by you find yourself tied more and more to your homeland . 
  i do believe that ee has a very strong sense of patriotism and history , while there are countries in we where students do n't know their national anthem . 
  as a greek this makes me optimistic , but i also ca n't see any light at the end of the tunnel : / wish you guys the best !, 
  your vocabulary is advanced for a parrot, 
  it is not like banning burkinis is `` standing up for your values '' . 
  deporting illegals on the other hand ... 
  i saw a report where one complained that : `` this is not for a dog . 
  this is for a woman '', 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4xo3yw/how_is_greece_doing_economically_nowadays/?ref=search_posts ), 
  i 'm greek . 
  you remember the thread about greece . 
  `` hey ahmed , you can get out , we have a mr. smartass here . '', 
  did you hopefully forget the / s ? 
  true , but :  in the united kingdom several statutes criminalize hate speech against several categories of persons . 
  the statutes forbid communication which is hateful , threatening , abusive , or insulting and which targets a person on account of disability , ethnic or national origin , nationality ( including citizenship ) , race , religion , sexual orientation , or skin colour . 
  the penalties for hate speech include fines , imprisonment , or both, 
  also they are not `` setting them free '' , they will be under supervision, 
  i do n't say your statement is false , but out of curiosity what are some genocides not recognised by iags ? 
  seriously though , there are documents and photos of both of those events . 
  i just could n't believe that regular people write it off as `` plain ol' regular violence '' . 
  i thought it was used as an excuse from the goverment to evade reperations . 
  you always find some way to evade the real question . 
  shall we allow immigrants to get into here ? 
  the things you mentioned , are examples of how we treat tax-paying citizens . 
  of course we do n't abort disabled empryos , that does n't mean we will want more disabled people and to even imply that pension ( which legal citizens have earned with their own hard work ) is as harmful or unfair as putting illegals on welfare is ignorant at the very least . 
  honestly , i have donated to immigrants and i have interacted with many of them . 
  unfortunately i quickly realized that most of them are not the kind of person i would like to pay for . 
  you claim i do ignore biased sources while it is the only thing you do . 
  just to let things straight : i dont deny that terrible atrocities and war crimes did happen and greeks took part in it , many of which were taught or mentioned in our schools . 
  i have read and i do recognize that both sides did wrong , but to say that the ottomans did suffer more than anyone is the understatement of the century . 
  additionaly fighting for independence doesnt give you a free pass , but it is * slightly * better than genocide ( s ) . 
  i believe that it would be my right to dismiss it though . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think that there ca n't be anyone who is of mena heritage and succesful . 
  my argument is that this minority does n't outweigh the disantvantage of allowing many illiterate people who do live off welfare . 
  illegal immigration does n't benefit society , because the plain truth is that most of the illegal ( or in some cases legal ) immigrants wo n't become productive citizens, 
  we also have to define what `` multicultural '' is . 
  i would argue that western europe countries have much more in common with each other or even with eastern europe than it does with the middle east . 
  in turn , it is easy to see which of the two would work better . 
   africans and arabs have brought a lot of benefits on an individual level i am still waiting for examples ... 
  i will give you a full reply tomorrow because it is late and i am on mobile , but this is again not even remotely close to a genocide . 
  it is also funny how turkey straight up ignores or downplays everything related to any genocide ( which in my oppinion were far more brutal ) . 
   genocide : the deliberate and systematic extermination of a national , racial , or cultural group everything you have sourced is directly linked to the war of independence . 
  i think you are well aware what is different with the greek genocide, 
  can you point to a single credible source that points to anything remotely similar to a `` genocide '' ? 
  slovakia is full of slovakians . 
  what are we gon na do ? '', 
  i do n't know . 
  i would happily trade one immigrant with two slovakians any day . 
  i would argue that free speech means that you should express yourself no matter your beliefs . 
  then i read that he commented about `` gassing the jews '' and i quickly changed my mind . 
  seriously , where is the line crossed ? 
  i am all up for hearing both far-left and far-right ideas , but how are we sure that ideas remain just that ? 
  on the other hand i am sure i have heard many times that we should `` burn the fascist pigs '' which is in theory equally hateful . 
  when is an idea truly dangerous ? 
  i am afraid this is the only one solution . 
  we have to act before it is too late . 
  torture ? 
  i dont think we would come across as what you might call `` humanitarian '' . 
  still , i would gladly have them deported . 
  shut up , you are racist ^ ^ / s, 
  oh i agree . 
  to me , it looks like someone started building something half-decent and then thought `` screw that '' and just started building homes left and right with no plan in mind . 
  the islands are nice though ... 
  the stock market relies on semi-accurate predictions . 
  you wo n't lose anything if you do n't participate in the anti-muslim circlejerk for a day . 
  listen , i do n't say there is no change , but how about waiting for more information before drawing conclusions ? 
  i could be a little biased , but i honestly think that thessaloniki is somewhat better than athens . 
  i would argue it is better than the alternative though ... 
  its nice in theory , until you realize they are thousands of europeans able * and * willing to work, 
  well , this is also a sad truth . 
  and dont even pretend they dont feel the same . 
  i believe that everyone wants to see their people and their culture prevail , no matter how selfish it sounds . 
  it is basic human nature . 
  of course that does n't mean we should n't help anyone in need . 
  i just dont think europe should help them * that way *, 
  he means that once they are on the island , what happens is basically up to them . 
  of course no one would want to torture anyone by all means , i wish we could accept the people that are truly looking for a better future , but when it comes to this subject , we tend to have an `` all or nothing '' mentality, 
  is n't there any age restrictions ?
