do n't hate the player hate the game . 
  while i am opposed taking in thousands if not millions of refugees and/or economic migrants , you ca n't look past the fact that in the end they are humans just like us . 
  i truly hope the news is just based on an empty claim . 
  color me surprised !, 
  what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  can we not turn this political and generalize every fucking thing ? 
  how about just congratulating those guys instead ? 
  nah , we all suck, 
  just the other day , i had a friend say that american pizza is better than italian . 
  are you implying that 6000 per day is a small number ? 
  in fact , it is even bigger , if you account those coming to greece . 
  not if you give us your monies !, 
  well , the respective / r/worldnews thread ( with a more fitting title ) , hit the front page . 
  assuming you are reffering to greek imperialism , i have to admit i despise this part of history . 
  we were always taught that the greeks brought their `` civilization '' , yet i wonder how much of it is true . 
  i admit though , my historical knowledge is fairly limited and one-sided . 
  greece stronk, 
  we learn history not to repeat the same mistakes . 
  this does n't mean there is n't anything to be proud of . 
  while you are right , i think we can agree on the fact that there are various degree of any phenomenon . 
  no one would argue that certain technological advancements should be restricted to one country , that does n't mean we have to write our heritage off . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i saw a physical copy of nat geo it has to be about 5 years for me . 
  i hate globalisation . 
  i would like every country to feel distinct , not look like a fucking melting pot . 
    the lessons exist for the christian population and if you have another religion , you do n't have to attent them . 
   what if i 'm a christian that actually respects the - fundamental for the modern world - concept of separation of church and state ? 
  what if i 'm an atheist , which some of our enlightened authorities do n't recognise as a religion ? 
  what if i do n't want to submit paperwork that reveals confidential personal information for no good reason ? 
  then just say you do n't want to attend the class , it is that easy . 
  those damn baguettes . 
  i was implying that people would ( obviously ) want to not have a problem in the first place , but i am not sure how many would be on board with killing them . 
  i do n't think many people want them dead . 
  more like they would be happy to not exist . 
  roach is love, 
  i see your point and i understand your concern . 
  the thing is , that i do n't find it right to prevent a child finding a possible loving home , or likewise forbid someone to become a parent just because you do n't want any `` liberal politics '' . 
  that being said i do think you raise a valid point . 
  i totally think that we should treat homosexuals like any other human being , but i do feel like there is a worrying trend about the way those issues are adressed . 
  parading half-naked is hardly a way to make a point , yet we are seeing it more and more . 
  simultaneously this is backed up by multinational companies . 
  in short while i disagree with your views on gay marriage and adoption right , i agree that there is something worrying about the parades or protests . 
  are you against gay people or gay parades ? 
  i could see about how you could oppose the latter , but i seriously ca n't see a good reason why another persons sexual orientation would bother you . 
  from wikipedia :  saudi arabia is the richest country for arab muslims and it became the center for criticism for not offering their land to syrian refugees . 
  it only offers resettlement for asylum seekers whose families already reside in saudi arabia . 
  however , it had issued 100,000 residencies for the people who wished to stay in the kingdom . 
  the kingdom has supported syrian refugees in jordan and lebanon, 
  we would be happy to see your facts . 
  maybe you will stop getting downvoted when you actually decide to contribute to the discussion instead of name-calling . 
  as much as i hate calling far-right groups `` neo-nazis '' , golden dawn is really worth the title . 
  it looked like you drew parallels to the afd . 
  that is why we all found your comment confusing . 
  oops , should have proof read , edited . 
  i agree , validity may have been the wrong word , but still , the title is pure clickbait . 
  i never said the point was n't bad , since i did n't criticize its quality . 
  just mentioned there is slightly more to it than the title implies . 
  she has a valid point though . 
  she basically says that having kids lets you see the world from a different prespective and want to do whatever possible for your children to have a better life . 
  she does n't attack merkel for not having kids , she subtly accuses her of not having a long-term plan . 
   because in russia being openly gay is illegal ? 
  what ? 
  sure , russia does n't allow same sex marriage or is very open to homosexuality , but it has been legal for more than 20 years ... 
  really ? 
  honest question : is it really the case that the country ( the netherlands in this case ) is obliged to provide asylum seekers with an apartment ? 
   probably precautions measures . 
  of course !, 
  you do n't want to risk those dirty serbs getting in your country without taking precaution measures first !, 
  i walk up and down the stairs , is it enough ? 
  400 years of ottoman occupation . 
  i think we are a testament to that . 
  i was actually reffering to the golden dawn , we still have to wait to see what afd is up to . 
  so much this . 
  i want a party that is able to adress the failed immigration policies without being willing to exterminate any minority in sight . 
  if there is anything i thank my parents for is that they never spent more than they could . 
  my mother grew up in a family just as you described . 
  her parents brought useless shit and then refused to buy the kids books for school or new clothes . 
  she told me that her mother used to say that `` her clothes are more important than her daughters ' '' . 
   well we do n't walk the streets in chitons you better talk about yourself . 
  then do n't . 
   no one in balkans have good historical education , except perhaps romania . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  it is not uncommon hearing teachers talk about the atrocities of the ottoman empire while skipping over our own and i assume this is the rule rather than an exception all around here . 
  by the way , could you recommend any good ( unbiased ) book about the crusades or the balkan wars ? 
  agree , this is fucked up . 
  no matter what , you should never harm babies . 
  if they despised her so much they could just call the police or something ( the article states that wearing the veil is illegal in barcelon , dont know if its true ), 
  turks are white unless you want to claim some europeans also do n't count as white . 
  yes , they are white , but i believe that tumblr has twisted the meaning of the word `` white '' , so everyone who is not white as snow is considered poc . 
  i believe it is more political than anything . 
   in a hundred years you are being a tad optimistic here . 
  well yea , but it is kinda misleading as i am not entirely sure what the article is reffering to . 
  thanks !, 
  will check it out , 
  the article refers to burkas , yet the thumbnail shows a niqab . 
  [ am i mistaken ? 
  ] ( http://www.channel4.com/media/c4-news/images/22_niqabgraphic2.jpg ), 
  again , you are certainly right to an extent , but i ca n't help but wonder if the same thing happens with the other side . 
  it seems like hate comes from both directions and the locals are also starting to feel defensive because of the terror attacks . 
  my point is , `` us versus them '' mentality exist , but i do n't think it only works against the muslims . 
  it is not hard picking up languages of the same group .
