  obviously nowhere near eastern europe ... 
  i just gave you about five reasons ... 
  i wo n't lie , turkey is far more secular compared to some other countries . 
  discrimination is real though and it does n't need to have a legal basis . 
  it is obvious you have n't ever experienced this . 
  first of all roma are not just a minority . 
  they do not integrate and have their own way of life . 
  there are numerous cases of roma stealing ( sometimes even kids along with valuables ) , raping or selling children ( most often theirs ) . 
  it is not just this isolated incident , there are many many reasons why people there might be hostile . 
  keep in mind i am not taking sides , just trying to tell you that the situation is more complex than it may seem . 
  i like this idea . 
  actually get shit done , hell i am currently looking out for independent organisations that help secure the borders ( i think there is one in bulgaria ) . 
  come on , do downvotes really matter ? 
  at least i wo n't downvote you , unless you start spreading false information i genuinely want to hear what you have to say and i agree that subreddits should not be echo chambers, 
  [ hmmm ] ( http://m.dw.com/en/christians-in-turkey-are-second-class-citizens/a-17619847 ), 
  what ? 
  are you american ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't say we should not ( this is still debatable ) , but we are not obliged to , at least as long as there are people in our countries in need of help . 
   greeks are love/hate because of fyrom as far as i know . 
  so yeah . 
  greeks are very fond of serbians . 
  most of the younger greeks do n't even care about fyrom and just persist on using the name fyrom or skopje instead of macedonia . 
  you are right . 
  patriotism would be a more fitting word . 
  so that is the british punishment germany was talking about ... 
  it is a vicious circle . 
  we save them ( because we obviously would rather not let people die ) and even if they take them back they will risk their lifes again . 
  if we let them in the country , more problems are sure to follow . 
  nationalism can be as benefiting as it can be destructive . 
  imo , we should keep a sense of ethnic identity without falling down the hole of national supremacy and elitism . 
  we are not looking only at the past though . 
  how many christians live in turkey ? 
  it still baffles me how americanizes the majority of the younger generation is . 
  every single european country had an identity and a historical heritage to be proud of . 
  now all we do is try to make up for the `` atrocities of the past '' . 
  history is supposed to aid us not to repeat our mistakes and to unite , not to punish and divide . 
  some europeans are willingly trying to erase our culture just because we are n't diverse enough ( remember the claim that the european parliament is `` too white '' ) , i wonder if we eventually stand up . 
   things like human rights might be a new concept for eastern europe , it 's not for the western world . 
  haha , avoid being racist by being racist . 
   no it 's not better . 
  non-shithole states are not supposed to discriminate based on religion . 
  yes we do if we do not want to become a shithole ourselves . 
  we do n't want any radical no matter the religion . 
  [ rna ] ( http://www.highjump.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/spaghetti.jpg ), 
  but why ? 
  is n't it up to the country to decide who gets in and who gets out , especially if there is a legit reason to do so ? 
  kicking people out of your country is another discussion all together , but every country should at least have the right to regulate its borders . 
  integrated ? 
  no way . 
  isolated would be far more accurate . 
  they do steal , they dont go to school ( even though their kids are paid to do so ) , they sometimes roam around in front of the court picking fights and shouting , you name it . 
  but , truth be told they do n't demand anything , no welfare , no special treatment , nothing . 
  they built a true parallel society that would rather not collide with our own ( although it often does ), 
  greece, 
  not if those people do n't integrate . 
  you make it sound like those people coming in are ready to take part in oktoberfest singing the german national anthem , when this could n't be further from the truth . 
  `` please be nice guys . 
  pretty please ... '', 
  i do n't know how bad the situation is in romania , but i would n't ( and they do make up 2 % of our population ), 
  i am considering it . 
  on one hand i feel it is my responsibility to stay and get my country back on its feet , but on the other hand the goverment is so corrupted it will hardly make a difference . 
  plus , i do n't know how easy it would be to find a job as a student in a foreign country . 
  my inner kid loves this , my inner foodie does n't . 
  joking aside , ketchup is nothing compared to home made tomato sauce . 
  thanks for sparing me a few brain cells by telling me to avoid the comment section . 
  out of curiosity , do you have any examples ? 
   it 's the same cultural difference that caused the germany-netherlands-england/greece-italy-spain - portugal divide during and after the 2008 crisis . 
  i would argue that greece italy spain and portugal have much more in common with germany and the uk than syria and afghanistan do . 
  i second your comment , especially the trump comment . 
  nowadays , if you dare to question the immigration policies , you have to worship the allmighty donald ( not that i have anything against his supporters , but i do n't want to be automatically labaled as conservative or liberal , i think this black and white mentality only holds us back ) . 
  and you have every right to be . 
  i ca n't stand when an american or even some delusional europeans storm in to reassure us that we are being paranoid . 
  the situation is spiraling down and honestly i ca n't see how this can be solved without mass deportations . 
  good luck , i guess you will need it . 
  you do n't say ... 
  you mean from 47 people to be reselted to bulgaria , 43 already have family in germany ? 
  out of 23.000.000 syrians ( population before civil war ) , only around 360,000 are in germany . 
  even if true , most of these family relationships are something like to me is `` uncle of my mother living on the other end of country who meet last time 10 years ago on funeral of her mother/his sister '' . 
  satisfied ? 
  at least you are ( kinda ) safe, 
  wow , best of luck dealing with this shitty situation ... 
  honest question : have you cut on welfare yet ? 
  yea , it is mostly americans urging europe to `` show humanity '' or people living in predominantly neighborhoods , who still support this . 
  torture and rape ? 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  he said to send them back not torture them ... no sane person wants to torture anyone for any reason . 
  does this make any difference ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  they used to tell us that we would see the light at the end of the tunnel in give or take 5 years time . 
  ( not that we did believe it ) fast forward they tell us the same shit . 
  i hope the worst will be behind us in a decade . 
  i am all for sheltering people and ( why not ) help them get back on their feet once the situation in their country is stable . 
  i am certainly not in favour of the current situation . 
  i guess no good deed goes unpunished . 
  nah , they just want to exploit us for as long as possible . 
  i am very confident our economy will eventually recover , but until then we have to hear the same shit year after year . 
  honest question : do you guys have any problems remotely similar to the rest of us or are your policies effective ? 
  and if you disagree , you are obviously a nazist white supremacist . 
   asylum applicants and irregular border-crossers over the age of 14 have their fingerprints taken as a matter of european community law .
