  am i right ? ''  there is no special ramadan food , '' one syrian kurdish man , who does not give his name , said with sad frustration . 
  `` there are no dates or milk , just cheese , bread , potatoes , potatoes , potatoes . 
   `` i would prefer to be eating kuneyfeh nabulsiya [ a sweet made from syrup , soft cheese and shredded wheat ] -- and ice cream with pistachios from bakdash , '' and if you have a quick glance at the source you 'll see that those are cherrypicked statements to paint those people in a good light . 
  those people give them free food and they feel entitled for more . 
  additionaly they demanded from the volunteers not to smoke or drink while in the camp . 
  seriously , is this polite or reasonable ? 
  you miss the point . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck if someone calls me a racist , this is not a problem . 
  the thing is , if instead of adressing the point we call each other names things will continue to get progressively worse . 
  there are women too afraid to go out , what will we achieve if we call them racists and xenophobic ? 
  they think she only cares about `` white femimism '' . 
  i honestly can not see the problem here , because this is the only subject they care about . 
  they do n't hate all facts , only those that disagree with their oppinion or disprove their `` facts '' . 
  somewhat irrelevant , but i really do n't understand why many people bring up the point of them being a `` swedish/french/german citizen '' . 
  in my eyes , this only make matters worse , because it clearly implies a refusal to integrate . 
  i had an argument yesterday with my friends about `` white feminism '' . 
  i said that there are women in our first-world europe fearfull of going out in public , because of such people . 
  they did n't even present a logical argument , they just shut me off as racist and continued to complain about emma watson , because she is somehow a bigger threat to feminism ... 
  they even deny to look at statistics , because they are somehow deliberately skewed . 
  i rarely do give up on arguments , but my input here is pointless . 
  if you still fail to see how asking for cigarettes and saying the food is bad is complaining and all that despite the greeks trying their best to help them is shitty behavior , the i have nothing more to add . 
  i hope some day you get to host someone in your house to experience their eternal gratitude first-hand . 
  well , maybe you are a much more tolerant person than me , but here is how i see it . 
  if i eat mass-produced croissant everyday and i take you in and give you some of my food and you will reply `` gee i sure wish i had a pizza , but this croissant is ok ... i guess '' , i will throw you the fuck out of my house and stop wasting my hard-earned money on you . 
  greece which is currently the world 's arsehole , takes immigrants gives them plenty of food ( the same food which many greeks eat daily ) and they reply by saying the food is not good , they want cigarettes , they want dates , they want milk , they want , they want , they want . 
  i am not saying they can not daydream about high quality home-cooked meals , but the moment they open the mouth to complain ( to a journalist no less ) , they are regarded as intolerant in my book . 
  you implied they have too , otherwise you would agree they had to keep their `` hopes and desires to themselfes '' . 
  after all how bad can mass-produced croissants be ? 
  the thing is that they do n't want to stay `` temporarily '' , thus they are immigrants disguised as refugees, 
  the problem is that those people lost a lot of money to help and most likely no one will notice ... 
  that is dirt ? 
  many greeks do eat exactly what they give them ... 
  is n't this entitlement ? 
   there is plenty of food -- but what there is ? 
  it is not good . 
  i need cigarettes, 
  some of them are [ very entitled ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/first-iftar-ramdan-leaves-refugees-greece-hungry-home-2077013688 ) indeed, 
  you are in part right about the numbers in aegean , but on the other hand i have not found anything more recent about it and again defining a number is tricky . 
  while i conpletely agree about humanitarian help , i ca n't help but think that offering them permanent citizenship will only bring more harm than good and will also attract economic migrants . 
  importing people in large numbers especially when their culture is radically different will bring trouble sooner or later as we do see happening . 
  again , i am not against helping them , by all means , but i do n't think just accepting all of them without basic screening and expecting them to integrate can be beneficial for either us or them . 
  [ here is something a bit more recent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/six-out-of-10-migrants-to-europe-come-for-economic-reasons-and-are-not-refugees-eu-vice-president-a6836306.html ) though it is quite hard figuring out the country of origin for most of them , since many come ( intentionally or not ) without legal documents or any form of identification . 
  the difference is that most of them are not refugees ... 
  i think it has more ti do with the social stigma than anything . 
  totally anecdotal , but a pair of friends did adopt a roma child ( he was about 2 ) and he turned up ... not as planned, 
  to be fair , he only tried to ban it in the small village he is major of . 
  from the top comment , age is also random , so they may as well have inherited the culture . 
  maybe i want to adopt a child that looks like me . 
  maybe i want to hide the fact that he is adopted . 
  maybe i do n't want people to double-check he is my child . 
  maybe i do n't want him to feel excluded . 
  you ca n't force anyone to just `` take a child at random '' . 
  choosing the ethnicity of the kid is crucial to many families . 
  he did specify that only approved adopters can access the platform . 
  why do you disagree about ethnicity ? 
  is n't it normal to want a child who looks like you ? 
  and after all i ca n't imagine how a child could feel comfortable in a family where ( s ) he is the only different member . 
  do you honestly believe that selecting the ethnicity of your child is racist in any way ? 
  i will disagree . 
  if someone wants a mixed family by all means do so , but forcing someone to just take a child at random is stupid . 
  we are talking about someone you will spend at least one decade taking care of and maybe more if the child is an infant , you must at the very least be able to select the age and the ethnicity of your child . 
  hungarian children do n't look much different though . 
  that is also my experience . 
  a couple i know did adopt a roma child ( though i believe they did in fact adopted it `` illegaly '' , because the process of adoption in greece is a real pain in the ass ) and i think they do regret that decision . 
  exactly . 
  similarly black parents may want to adopt a black kid . 
  nothing wrong with that ... 
  it is also in the top comment , dont know how credible it is though . 
  not in my experience at least . 
  most of them refused food from christians and they did spit on the first aid kit crosses . 
  maybe things are different , but i quickly stopped caring after a few incidents . 
  friends who volunteered in the islands also share similar stories . 
  ( again not all of them , but there are n't only a couple of bad apples ), 
  did i just read that race is fictional ? 
  are the consistent similarities between phenotype and genotype of a population living in certain areas a social construct ? 
  is evolution a lie ? 
  oh how mature !, 
  let this exceptionally rude individual drown in his hatred while you gracefuly avoid any contact with someone who dares to have a different oppinion . 
  write this off as wrong . 
  i have indeed misread . 
  1.1 million have * arrived * in the last year . 
  since most of them cross the border illegaly we cant be sure of the exact number . 
  i am not optimistic and i am afraid we will follow the steps of [ swede ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/02/10/the-death-of-the-most-generous-nation-on-earth-sweden-syria-refugee-europe/ ) ( very long , but neutral and properly sourced article ), 
  not gon na happen ? 
  there are 1.1 million refugees in greece ? 
  a country of 11 million people ... 
  there is no official state-funded mosque . 
  any place of worship can be considered a mosque ( for example a garage ), 
  most of them are not syrian anyway 2 . 
  would you honestly want to see yourself being a minority in your own neighborhood ? 
  i would argue that it is my human right to say no . 
  it is my human right to say that we have to first feed our own . 
  would you want germany to become 10 % immigrants living of welfare ? 
  this is what is happening in greece right now and we only get people telling us to us `` humanity '' . 
  and i actually did , i did gave them food and clothes . 
  i didnt get a thank you in return . 
  i didnt imply they get to choose between greece or home , it is home period , or at least it would be if europe did n't feel suicidal . 
  most of the time , it is people who have never volunteered in a shelter , dont donate money and live in predominately homogenous areas that complain about `` us being racists '' . 
  i have interacted with many immigrants and honestly if it was up to me , i would deport almost every single one of them . 
  and before anyone coming to judge me answer me this : have you ever been to an immigrant shelter ?
