  small numbers do n't harm anyone , but when you just let people swarm in , that is when this becomes a problem . 
  if you want to have a serious conversation , by all means , i would like to hear your oppinion . 
  however if you keep on whining about all the supposed racists , without even giving a concrete upvoted example , i am done . 
  that quote is exactly what i am reffering to , just because someone disagrees with immigration of this scale , does n't mean he is racist . 
  however , some anti-immigration supporters are racist . 
  i guess you are talking about the immigration policies . 
  most people do n't like mass migration period , couple it with the problems that europe is facing and you have a serious issue that people should have the right to complain about . 
  i do n't see any comments talking about race , only cultural impact on the individuals coming here . 
  there was a campaign giving them bikes ... 
  cool , i would love to find a few buddies to do something similar , but they prefer things that are more out of my budget . 
  every apple is a fruit , but not every fruit is an apple . 
  yes it is a provocative joke , but it fails at being a funny provocative joke . 
  i am not implying they are not the majority of abuse victims , but that does n't make all women innocent . 
  and out of curiosity , are there any reported cases of refugees being solved into prostitution ? 
  from what i have heard , it is mainly `` too good to be true '' jobs that can get you into trouble . 
  marvelous !, 
  until then adjust the heat , sit back and relax . 
  what is with the world revolving around america ? 
  satirize ! = make fun of, 
   freedom of speech when satirising and censorship when joking ? 
  satire does n't have positive meaning , it is neutral . 
  and again , no one wants it to be banned , we are just saying that in our oppinion , it is a bad joke . 
   ( although it is to me ) ? 
  one last time , this is n't satire . 
  what is being satirized ? 
  they are not debating whether the article should offend or not , they are stating that this does not fit into the definition of satire . 
  no one is saying this should be banned , just stating that this is a poorly executed attempt at shock humor . 
  what 's your point ? 
  to turn a blind eye on the issue 'cause murica does it ? 
  of course not , but in my experience and from what my friends tell me , some areas are real no-go zones . 
  joking aside , why are women `` immune '' to criticism ? 
  in my experience they are n't saints either . 
  i do not believe that a 16 year old is a child . 
  i do however feel sorry for the small children which ca n't even comprehend what is going on . 
  not the cities , but people in small cities or in greek islands are severely affected by the huge influx . 
  i do n't know if someone living in calais can confirm , but from what i have heard those people ruined the neighborhoods . 
  people are afraid to walk in broad daylight and even afraid in their own house . 
  i do hope this is propaganda , but after seeing my own share of this , i very much doubt it . 
  while you are right , i do n't think you understand that the people you are refering to are a minority . 
  keep in mind i am in no way condemning those actions , but those people are not the main reason of the exodus . 
   anyone accusing them of anti-semitism is labeled racist . 
  we 've gone a full circle ... 
  i find this insane . 
  jewish people are closely related to europe and many families date back to many generations residing in europe . 
  yet we are somehow tossing them away to make way to `` new '' citizens who ultimately bring far more harm than good . 
  in the end all we will get will be a buzzfeed video showing how much tolerant people are to jews , rainbows and unicorns or something . 
  properly sourced facts are rarely downvoted , even when taken out of context . 
  it is the know-it-all attitude most people ( from both sides ) have that gets them downvoted . 
  i think we can all admit to having been obnoxious in at least one debate . 
  that being said , while those who oppose the current immigration policies tend to exaggerate , the other side severely underestimates the issue . 
  of course they `` know '' , but do they truely know it ? 
  we tend to overestimate our ability to manage time , both in the short and long term . 
  i think the general mindset is to make a family later in life , once you are more mature/economically stable . 
  i do n't think the campaign served as an educational message rather as a wake-up call , to remind us that there is indeed an age to fertility . 
  i think you are exaggerating . 
  yes , the conditions are terrible but they are still free to leave whenever they please . 
  i agree with you . 
  as much as i despise the immigration-policies , we shouldnt treat people like prisoners . 
  as a non-australian , i have no word on what is best for you guys , but i can certainly say this plan is appealing to many europeans who are fed up with this crisis . 
  oh no , paperwork !, 
  poor souls ... 
  the whole concept is absurb , let alone the big brother `` negotiations '' . 
  however , if digea gets a license wo n't this allow several channels to operate ? 
  in my oppinion , this is just an effort to get rid of the small channels . 
  you can make thousands of generalizations about eastern europeans , but that one is simply not true . 
  it would be fun for a while but ultimately i would prefer neither . 
  also people tend to find more summer part-time jobs . 
  the number is still abnormally high though . 
  so ... are you implying that all americans are white ? 
  setting the strawman aside.of course you do !, 
  why do you think alcohol tests are a thing ? 
  that is a valid criticism , but i do n't believe this should be used as an excuse for neglecting basic security measures . 
  human beings ca n't be criminals ? 
  checked his post history . 
  either a dedicated troll or an idiot . 
  maybe even confusing us with bigger words like `` xenophobic '' or even `` nazist '' if you feel more old-school . 
  is finland poor ? 
  we should bribe them to rescue them from italy . 
  mind giving an example where this happened in such a scale with so radically different cultures ? 
  they sink their own boats as soon as they see a ferry in order to be `` rescued '' ... 
  like if you agree share if you disagree . 
  i already replied to that . 
  people do n't particulary care about this . 
  if someone is a criminal you shove him in the jail and you then start philosophising about nurture and environmental impact on criminal behavior . 
  what i am trying to tell you , is that you do n't see the actions of a minority , but those of a vocal majority . 
  it is reallly hard to find unbiased statistics ( of both sides ) at crime , since most of it goes unreported and police does n't help . 
  however i do n't think there is even one story of a `` not-racist '' american who experienced this first hand and did n't change their mind . 
  i could spend hours talking about their stealing `` techniques '' : women throw their babies at you so they can rob you easily , kids throw piss at your car so you pay them to '' '' `` clean '' '' '' it , they get their hands on everything . 
  even wealthy roma still live like gypsies ( ever heard of their mansions ? ) . 
  anyway , it is pretty easy to read about the [ bigger ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/romania/8027694/romanian-gipsy-gang-snatched-200-children-from-homes-to-use-them-as-beggars.html ) [ things ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2016/07/13/romanian-police-break-up-slavery-gang-rescuing-dozens-of-youngsters ) . 
  i have seen white children in roma trucks a few times , but whenever i call the police i get the same response : `` do you have how many similar calls are we getting ? 
  we ca n't do anything ... '', 
  probably a rounding mistake . 
  when exactly did we start americanizing everything ? 
  i wo n't argue the opposite , but what do you accept people to do , ignore them ? 
  there are documented cases of roma stealing and selling children , raping , looting etc. 
  i do n't say it is impossible nothing of this is even remotely related to their innate characteristics but people do n't exactly want to `` wait it out '' . 
  the goverment also pays their children to go to school and offers legal help , no improvement . 
  and were exactly did i mention we commit genocide ? 
  where do you live ?
