  like 16 to someone < 25 ? 
  whenever terrible news come up , there is always a top comment saying something along the lines of '' i am against death penalty but bla bla bla '', 
  do n't bother . 
  hating russia is somehow the right thing to do , either that or we became apathetic to terrorist attacks . 
  i am not sure what is worse ... by the way , our news covered the story extensively . 
  i hope this is the last news reports dedicated to terrorism , though i really doubt it ... 
  the button was all about the people 's reaction . 
  i agree though , this is way better . 
  heresy !, 
  if that helps , i love poland . 
  it is one of the first countries i would like to visit !, 
  if that helps , i love poland . 
  it is one of the first countries i would like to visit !, 
  i do n't know what you have in mind , but meteora is one of the most breathtaking places i have ever been to . 
  if you still prefer the seaside , there are so many islands i do n't even know where to start . 
  from the top of my head , there is crete , naxos , thasos and zakinthos , you could be interested in . 
  and ( with the exception of tourist trap ) it is generally really cheap, 
  athens is n't the place to go . 
  certain areas are practically gathering places for either hardcore anarchists or right-wing nuts . 
  fortunately , they mostly keep to themselves and chances are you wo n't even notice them . 
  the rest of the country is pretty much the same . 
  i love tourists and seeing my hometown filled with people all over the world . 
  that being said , i absolutely despise a certain kind of ( mostly ) british tourists . 
  loud , rude and obnoxious . 
  this may be an unpopular oppinion , but why should expacts make a decision when they do n't get to ( directly ) live with the consequences . 
  sadly that is what it is . 
  i want to vote for a part that is against the idea of `` open borders '' or whatever is trendy this time , but the only one we have is literally golden dawn ( and they are not even far right , they are legit fascists so there is no way i am voting for them ) . 
  thats exactly how democracy works . 
  everyone has a voice , not whoever you decide to be worthy . 
  the whole country had a choice , they just did n't utilize their voice . 
  is there not a possibility of them coming back ? 
  is that sarcasm or ... ? 
  i think discrimination against albanians is quickly becoming less and less common . 
  crete is generally considered as the asshole of greece though ... 
  meh , a big slice ( 1/5th of a pizza ) can cost as little as 1 $, 
  i get that the mentally ill card has been played a thousand times before , but this guy was on meds . 
  i think it is safe to say he was n't particularly `` healthy '' either . 
  yes but on the other hands it makes it feel more like a joke rather than an illness and some may argue that this can be dangerous on its own . 
  call me a party pooper , but i think this meme needs to die . 
  at this point , we are basically making fun of a mentally ill person . 
  schizo may look funny to an outsider , but it can damage the victim 's life . 
  three decades ? 
  three centuries is more accurate, 
  this is the average caloric availability per person in each country in the years 2011 and 2000 ( dark and light blue bars respectively ) it is supposed to be a rough measure of caloric intake , but it is not the same . 
   it should not be confused with the per capita consumption of those products ( calorie consumption ) as calorie supply includes also losses through food distribution and mismanagement . 
  i managed to find [ this ] ( http://www.foodsecurityportal.org/api/calorie-supply-capita ) which seems to share the same source ( fao ), 
  indeed , i somehow managed to fuck this up even though i did make a mental note not to . 
  i am debating whether i should repost it or leave it as it is . 
  even then , i think it is a pretty decent indication of the caloric intake per country , even though it does n't give any information on the wastage, 
  source : [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-datasets/-/t2020_rk100 ) made with pyplot in python, 
  i do n't think that there are many `` normal '' people that believe that some races are inherently violent . 
  that being said , you got a pretty big strawman there . 
  the reason of the crime ( social injustice , cultural upbringing etc ) does n't change the fact the most foreign groups are overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  do n't worry . 
  [ the leader of golden dawn ] ( http://content-mcdn.ethnos.gr/filesystem/images/20140624/low/assets_large_t_420_54364305.jpg ) looks like a middle eastern teddy bear . 
  to be honest this is n't exlusive to the far-right . 
  i have seen some really hateful comments on far-left sources . 
  we are just prone to echo chambers and the more extreme the oppinion , the bigger the circlejerk . 
  it creates a sense of community , an `` us vs them '' mentality , which given a little time evolves into a cult-like mentality . 
  salted raisins ? 
  i have a particular no-go zone in my mind just outside the city i live . 
  even the taxi drivers refuse to go there especially at night . 
  i knew a few people who refused to work there after being offered a job . 
  how many are in the same socioecinomic position ? 
  go to a left sub and read how amazingly peaceful sweeden is . 
  go read a right sub and actually realize that sweeden is a warzone . 
  it is like the boy who cried wolf . 
  remove kebab , dead turk only good turk . 
  orthodox brothers4evar 1453 never forget . 
  come on , i think we can stop pretending for a minute to get things off the way , i do n't believe that your blood defines your nationality . 
  most of us are a mix of ten seperate nations but still identify with our country of birth . 
  that being said me or my future children could never pass off as africans or japanese . 
  for better or for worse there are specific traits associated with certain countries and you wo n't ever get rid of them no matter how hard you pretend to be colourblind . 
  you are a problem . 
  and / europe should not ignore that problem . 
  whoa , this is suprisingly easy . 
  i agree with you but posts like this simply ignore the problem . 
  for every annoying loud far-righter there are hundreds of concerned citizens . 
  from what i have seen and heard there are towns with 95 % white population and then there are towns it barely touches 45 %, 
  i have come across a few asterix comics translated to ancient greek . 
  tell me about it . 
  i actually volunteered to help when all this started . 
  it took a day to change my mind for good . 
  he did n't say anything different , just that this is not working for the reasons stated about . 
  it is not a problem exclusive to muslims . 
  or a nazi . 
  embarassed ? 
  this is the most i have laughed in days . 
  `` country '', 
  the article does n't paint them with a better brush . 
  it is implied that the abuse is happening within the camp and not from outisders . 
  at this point , it should n't even be france 's problem . 
  yea , that 's why i said oddly enough . 
  i am not sure whether alex jones is a lunatic or just pretending to be one . 
  that being said , his followers are definitely crazy . 
  i have tried something similar in austria oddly enough . 
  it was delicious . 
  i am actually surprised it is that low . 
  we will have the long awaited balkan wars sequel . 
  you tell me .
