  our only right-wing anti-immigration party is literally hitler . 
  oh , the wonders of democracy . 
  that is some conspiracy shit right there . 
  it would be eay easier to bribe or plant their own canditate . 
  no no no , you get it all wrong . 
  you do n't need facts to believe something you want to . 
  i love how the people obsessed with the `` fake news '' meme are eating up just about everything . 
  sure , why not let hundreds of nazis to protest ? 
  see the problem ? 
  i am not sure if this is backed up by statistics , but i think it is a reasonable assumption . 
  it is not only whether the child is `` yours '' or not , it also has to do with other variables like the cost , speed and bureaucracy involved with either option . 
  unfortunately we are too far down this madness to be able to tell the genuine refugees apart . 
  i am not sure how we can handle this without either side being harmed , it seems like the situation will only get worse . . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't think that any serious person can deny that a loving family , no matter its composition is definetely better for the child . 
  that being said , i hope this will lower the `` demand '' for surrogate mothers as a way for homosexuals to have a child . 
  there are already plenty of children in need , there is no reason to give birth to more . 
  i will be honest , i am under the impression that most of then just find alternative ways but i could definetely be wrong . 
  maybe i am mistaking it with the fyrom border . 
  i am happy that you found a solution that works for you guys , on the other hand this means we get to keep even more immigrants than before and they are getting progressively more agressive . 
  they tear the walls down or find alternative ways . 
  we need a more fundamental solution than building walls . 
  it hurts me deeply thinking what thessaloniki could and should have been . 
   being proud of being poor because you are `` happier '' you just described the main theme of every 80s greek movie ever . 
  yea , it is not just this sub . 
  from the rise of the far-right to certain news outlets , the narrative is gradually changing . 
  i think a big change is upon us , for better or for worse, 
  the birth rates in eastern europe are not that high . 
  it is mostly poor gypsies that keep giving birth to half a dozen of children . 
  i 'm surprised this is upvoted ( not that i disagree with the statement ) . 
  a year ago this would be downvoted to the bottom . 
  true , but those posts do n't even discuss politics . 
  they are just a circlejerk . 
  [ example ] ( http://estaticos03.elmundo.es/assets/multimedia/imagenes/2014/06/23/14035451437950.jpg ), 
  oh , do you mean greek coffee ? 
  i hear you . 
  i see more and more people voting for them just because they are fed up by our current political system . 
  problem is , gd is not an `` anti-establishment '' party , they are just a bunch of fucking idiots . 
  oh yea , far better than the `` ways to divide the country '' or those shit, 
  / u/kirmesproll didnt sound like a right wing nationalist, 
  at least cite your sources instead of pulling facts from your ass . 
  wow , now i can actually understand why the alt-right is on the rise . 
  that is plain propaganda ... 
  thank you !, 
  will check it out . 
   that number is also worrisome , of course . 
  in what sense ? 
  they do n't wannt to stay here either and they get progressively more desperate and agressive . 
    merkel could have not unilaterally invited in huge numbers of migrants  for the millionth time , ** this never happened ** . 
  nobody has been invited by anybody . 
  i hear that all the time , how did this myth get started ? 
  is there a grain of truth in there or just plain ol' propaganda ? 
  seriously though , most people i know consider * not * washing your hands after going to the toilet absolutely disgusting . 
  and this is bad because . . 
  in the 70s ? 
  less than 50 years ago ? 
  this makes me really sad , do you have any relevant articles ? 
  being opposed to immigration = litterally hitler, 
  czechilians ?? 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  what we need is a fundamental change on the mindset of the population . 
  it is really hard not to take the ( illegal ) shortcut when `` everyone does it '' . 
  tax avoidance leads to more taxes which in turn leads back to less tax payers . 
  there is no mention to our duty as greek citizens to get our country back to its feet , we are simply waiting for the mesiah and how to get him to pay the taxes . 
  i also believe that feeling your own govermnent as the enemy does n't help the situation . 
  i was completely blown away once i learned that there are countries that actually trust their own goverment . 
  fair enough . 
  as a female , i still do n't mind , but i can see why it would bother some people . 
  for better or for worse sex sells . 
  i can not name a single video game protagonist ( male or female ) who was n't hot . 
  you named the sub that must not be named !, 
  deep down , i think we all agree on this , we are just to stubborn to say it out loud, 
  i do n't think we realize that we all are pretty much the same . 
  even the food is the same with different names . 
  i find hillarious that the same people who are in the `` russian hate '' bandwagon are so eager to criticize others . 
  hey , we are laughing stock too . 
  we all are together in this . 
  brb, 
  crete is wondeful , most cretans on the other hand ... 
  in all honesty , that is hilarious . 
  the guy in the original picture has an abnormally big head and got replaced with an even bigger one . 
  most people are cool with him and consider him a patriot . 
  sure you will find the odd racists that will ramble on about purity , but generally he is really popular here . 
  to be honest , he looks like he really does love greece ( even more than '' * natives * '' ), 
  i doubt much has changed . 
  thanks !, 
  that was really interesting . 
   children learn `` you can hit to get what you want , '' and `` you can use aggression . '', 
  so those kids , not surprisingly , when they 're with their friends , are using aggression to do what they want this is imo the most valid criticism . 
  children learn by mimicking the actions of their parents , so violence will most probably result to more violence . 
  children are way more capable than you think especially when it comes to hurting themselves . 
  i hate bringing up isolated cases and this should n't be regarded as a fact . 
  that being said literally everyone i met that was n't spanked as a child turned out to be an entitled brat . 
  i also agree with the point that it is an unecessary imposition . 
  whether you agree with it or not , i am not convinced that * spanking * ( not hitting ) , has serious impact on children . 
  i think the situation varies depending on intensity and frequency . 
  in my understanding , spanking is generally used as a method to `` humiliate '' the child , not to hurt it . 
  i am not arguing whether degrading your child is beneficial to his social and emotional development or not , but there is a difference between parents spanking their child as a ( in their oppinion ) last resort and hitting it as an outlet for their own anger . 
  if you did n't mind , i would really like a link to the studies you mentioned . 
  add to that a few more centuries of ottoman occupation .
