  for example a german and english speaker can easily pick up dutch . 
  it makes sense and i get your point . 
  thing is , i ca n't see * how * they are being alienated by the goverment . 
  in fact , constantly hear politicians talking about them in a very positive way . 
   he was n't muslim at all i must have missed this detail , where does it say that ? 
  unless you are implying that `` no true muslim '' behaves like that . 
  so his sexuality does n't make him a `` moderate '' muslim , or are you implying that being bi/gay makes you a `` retarted drunk prostitute '' ? 
  the argument that is made is that he looked normal until he `` snapped '' , so the question remains : how many more are capable of `` snapping '' ? 
   edit : downvoted for checked facts ... 
  this is the new / r/europe for you ... care to share the facts ? 
  i am already familiar with latin , so i am not having a hard time making connections between the two . 
  it will still be much harder for me , but i do n't think it will be an impossible task . 
  then educate us please , how is the french ( or european ) public alienating them , because i thought the opposite happened . 
  greece too :( (, 
  that is what i am also afraid of . 
  if the situation is not handled properly , soon enough we will have to consider the alternative ... and the alternative is never the best option . 
  coincidentally , i just started learning romanian this week . 
  since i ca n't find any native speakers i am trying to read easy wikipedia articles while reffering to a dictionary and a grammar book . 
  i would also like to hear some local podcasts/tv shows once i become more comfortable . 
  i think this approach works suprisingly well compared to the linear structure of traditional lessons , but it may just be me . 
  to each their own i guess . 
  it is n't about feeling butthurt they use `` our name '' . 
  the thing is everyone is concerned about a possible war in the name of `` reclaiming the lost lands '' . 
  mind giving a source on this ? 
  i thought that a lot of people were radicalized in prison , not converted . 
  you mean skopje ... 
  i 'm kidding , happy independence day , 
  true . 
  we need to allow debate . 
  i always try to upvote well-thought replies and arguments , no matter my personal beliefs ( though sometimes my beliefs get the best of me ) . 
  i am fucking proud of being white , like any other person should be fucking proud they are black/yellow/cyan with red stripes . 
  all countries have a bloody history , shaming us for some actions of the past is unacceptable . 
  make a wall of text of your enlightened views . 
  most of those programming contests are about speed and this is a part where chinese excel at . 
  through hard training they can instantly recognize patterns . 
  on a second thought , many do create second accounts on hackerrank to solve the problems twice , in order to get a better score , so their competitive spirit could play a part in this . 
  i agree though , russians are probably some of the smartest programmers i 've come across . 
  pretty solid novel too and do n't get me started on the music . 
  you guys have the whole package, 
  this is exactly the thing i was talking about . 
  the comment was really meant to be a compliment , and yet people on the comments are debating whether you would call an italian `` miss italy '' , how is this with any stretch of the imagination a derogatory term ? 
  at first i could n't understand how on earth could trump have a large following , i slowly start to get it now . 
  i always wondered , is there a grain of truth in this , or is it just a meme ? 
  i do sometimes take part in some contest in hr and have some medals of my own ( though i am planning on being more dedicated in a couple of years , when in college ) . 
  no matter what you do , there is always a russian that has come up with an insanely smart solution . 
  at least in my experience people from the former soviet union are some of the most brilliant programmers i have come across , able to recall and use information instead of just identifying patterns . 
  i have to admit though , i had no idea france had so many good programmers . 
  i understand why one would be annoyed , but how one can go as far as crying out he is offended is beyond me . 
  sure , having people tell you the same shit over and over because of some attribute you have no control over is annoying , but those comments are in no way mean spirited . 
  considering ppp does n't greece has the same gdp to poland ? 
   but it 's definitely unfair , some people get hit very hard , yet a large part of the population are still exploiting the system . 
  i agree with this statement . 
  nevertheless i am not completely sure you understand the exact situation . 
  most people are currently trying hard to rebuild their lifes and a sense of economic stability , but there is a thing that is holding most greeks back , the sense of corruption . 
  greeks feel like the goverment is their enemy , not their ally and will do their best to try to steal from it which in turn makes their situation worse . 
  the worst thing is , there is a grain of truth in that , the goverment indeed rewards those who have the right `` connections '' . 
  for example , most of those who work in the public sector get to enjoy specific privileges along with a relatively generous payment while being notoriously lazy . 
  this in turn results in a us vs them mentality that is holding the country back , pair all that with an uneven wealth distribution and you have a recipe for disaster . 
  in short greeks steal from the goverment , the goverment increases taxes and decreases welfare , which results in more stealing and thus we are stuck in a vicious circle . 
  it has not to do with nationality as much as it has to do with embracing the culture/language/historical heritage of the country . 
  i would argue that jihad is not at the very core of belgian society . 
  eastern europe is much more conservative ( not politically speaking ) . 
  you do n't see people going around yelling about how much they hate them blacks and how every muslim shall be hanged . 
  they just prefer to live in mainly homogenous societies with minorities that integrate without that meaning that no person of different colour/religion is allowed to be a citizen . 
  in short , they do not tolerate intolerance . 
  something something ... sarcasm, 
  can someone translate please ? 
  something something ... poles are racist too ... something something ... xenophobia ... 
   if germans stop viewing refugees as a problem and start looking at things realistically , they will realize that solidarity with people in need can strengthen a community bond . 
  and someday we can look back at the ways in which germany has changed and realize that it has been a good thing . 
  no , it is not a good thing , especially not because you say so . 
  just a year ago i was conviced that helping the refugees was our duty as european citizens , i still do in a way , but we ca n't pretend everything is fine , it is n't . 
  it is funny how you can hide anything under the veil of `` progressiveness '' and most well educated young people will take the bait . 
  the thing we are dealing with is a crisis and we have to treat it as such , not go back to sleep . 
  just a sidenote . 
  it is extremely hard to protect the sea borders of greece and italy , so it is n't exactly like those countries `` let them in '', 
  i doubt they would want to go in a country that does n't want them . 
  could be wrong though . 
  hungary does n't help europe as a whole , but i believe the eu would be in a much better position if we followed your lead, 
  source ? 
  my father said this for years . 
  he talked about how trying to unite everyone will only divide . 
  he also supported that we are all equal , but we are not the same and treating us as such is a mistake . 
  i thought those remarks were racist , i do now realize how wrong i 've been ... 
  the youtube comments ... my eyes . 
  while it is true that african girls are at risk of fgm no matter of their religion , in europe the problem is exclusive to muslims . 
  i think he was also being sarcastic . 
  is there a tax already ? 
  i thought they only paid more for insurance ? 
  after searching a bit on the subject i found out that in some countries fast food is also taxed higher . 
  in the end we could achieve the same result by asking them to pay extra or taxing them more , not denying them surgery !, 
  critics of the immigration policies ! = racists . 
  thats it , that is what this comment is about . 
  how on earth is this racist ? 
  please explain to me because i am failing to see the connection ... 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  many people ( probably you included ) believe that being against immigration makes you a racist . 
  no one is claiming the white race is superior or some shit , but those people are simply culturally different . 
  neither superior , nor inferior . 
  if it was for whites to look for a refuge in the middle east , most people would most likely oppose this idea as we are so radically different than them .
