  the only entitlement that is apparent to me is that of france and germany demanding ee to sacrifice their own security for the nebulous idea that is `` european values '' . 
  i only hope we could fence the mediteranean . 
  the results are not even in and he is already making ridiculous statements . 
  he pisses me off to be honest . 
  wow , that is the very definition of propaganda , i honestly did not expect it to be that bad . 
  are moderators as biased as the editors ? 
  how about millenials proposing something for a change ? 
   eu leaders have tangled with poland and hungary in recent months over the issue of refugee quotas and brussels has expressed its concerns over what it perceives as rising authoritarianism in both countries . 
  it seems like you mistake the source of the authoritarianism . 
  it is not like most polish and hungarians are eager to open their borders to every undocumented immigrant from god knows where . 
  i see mt olympus every day ( apart from cloudy days ) yet i have never climbed it . 
  is it worth it ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  is it biased ? 
  i thought wikipedia articles in all languages were somewhat distant from politics . 
  and i would argue that their death is not the most painful part either . . 
  he has a point though , where do you stop ? 
  how can you verify their claims ? 
  by having them participate in a night-long orgy ? 
  and even then , do n't you think that emotional politcs has already done too much damage ? 
  do n't worry , let another year pass and you will see those `` xenophobic '' statements more . 
  even hardcore liberals are starting to change their mind when it comes to immigration from mena countries . 
  you are right , albanians ( at least the ones that came to greece ) were generally secular and had no problem integrating , even going as far as changing their religion and their names . 
  second generation albanians are mostly indisguishable from the rest . 
  to add to this , most bosnians and some turks are also generally nice and moderate people , it is the arabs that are problematic . 
  it is a reccuring phenomenon and one many of us are all too familiar with . 
  build more mosques , more money , more shops etc. . . it is an endless stream of demanding . 
  my stance used to be a far more liberal and idealistic one but i am getting fed up with this , to the point i believe that european culture and muslims are truly totally incompatible . 
  history should have taught us better ... 
  i see the dw is still keeping up with the narrative . 
  never change deutschland ... 
  it is sarcasm ... 
  let me guess , you have a sheep army do n't you ? 
  just leave him be . 
  he goes on and on about his liberal values when in reality preaches the exact opposite . 
  i hate generalizations but i have yet to meat a muslim ( either on the internet on in real life ) that does n't do just that . 
  of course you are.the thing is that you fail to understand that respect is a two-way road . 
   entirely ? 
  you know that not every mosque nor every imam preaches support for isis . 
  in fact such places are , to my knowlege , a huge minority . 
  yes , there are enough mosques already and as i mentioned before most europeans would agree that they are incompatible with the european culture   we need the support of the muslim community which still believes that their religion should not be criticized . 
    not everyone does . 
  me for example . 
  of course not everyone does , but i do n't think you are stupid enough not to realize that this is not the case for many muslims . 
  most muslims i have met pretend to be liberal and progressive until you cross ` their ' line and say something they deem as offensive and i am not convinced you are any different . 
  islam needs a major reformation that adresses both ideological and cultural problems deep ingrained in the religion itself . 
  for this to happen we need to stop building mosques and allowing imams to preach and of course we need the support of the muslim community which still believes that their religion should not be criticized . 
  i believe i understand your point and i agree that terrorism is used as a main topic , while other equally important aspects of our society are ignored . 
  terrorism is they symptom rather than the disease and it is just a fraction of the lavish gifts handed to us by mass migration . 
  instead of draconian security and more seemingly pointless debates , we should maybe take a step back and consider the root of the problem . 
  oh yes that works , turn the other cheek , pile the bodies , delete the `` racist '' reddit comments , bam , repeat . 
  contrary to the popular belief , problems do n't just `` go '' away . 
  we do n't have the same attitude when discussing rape , why are mass migration and terrorism any different ? 
   ask the people that actually live among muslim arabs if they want all these things your leaders want . 
  heck , ask your own citizens and the overwhelming majority will tell you the same . 
   this face mask removal is hillarious maybe you are right . 
  independent is still shit though . 
    i tried to post it as well but it seems only their `` truth '' is allowed :(   `` hi i am alt right now watch me whineabout how oppressed i am ''  i am not open to your views at all . 
  people like you are basically the cancer of this sub . 
  actually , not just this sub , also in reality . 
  go forward thinking !, 
  have you ever read the independent ? 
  from their facebook feed :  this guy dumped his girlfriend before prom . 
  she got the perfect revenge, 
  with all respect , why can you downvote a neutral comment to the bottom and then claim that this sub promotes healthy discussion ? 
  pretty sure it was a joke , he was mocking the american election . 
  good job !, 
  now you have the standard balkan attitude . 
  hate is not the only alternative ... 
  i met some kids that believed that vaccines are a conspiracy to keep the population low ... 
  he is probably reffering to moors , that invaded the coast of the iberian peninsula , or sicily , or the ottomans that invaded byzantium . 
  he is bulgarian , bulgaria never really had nearly that many immigrants . 
  it seems counter intuitive , but racism usually peaks when minorities make up a big percentage of the population . 
  integrating foreigners is far easier , when they do n't form parallel societies . 
  well we obviously are n't doing enough . 
  so since there will always be car crashes , we should n't even try fixing our roads . 
  great idea !, 
  that totally works ... 
  how is it far-right wing ? 
  he asks how many of those people belong to vulnerable groups as the media portrays ... 
  yea i would too . 
  that does n't mean we have to let all those people in ... 
  got any source to back up the statement ? 
  it just sounds like a poor excuse . 
  why not let the manager decide who is worthy instead of basically restricting their choices ? 
  the point is that their skill level wo n't matter . 
  they * could * be more skilled and they would still get rejected . 
  prioritizing hiring minorities in a workplace only hurts the industry . 
  and it seems the progress is exponential . 
  i have read too many bullshit on the internet , but i really believe this story for some reason . 
  do you know how the tamponguy is doing ? 
  you are only making one mistake , trying to apply logic where there is none . 
  if you think le pen is a fascist you may need to open up a book . 
  now our own golden dawn [ on the other hand ] ( http://www.tribune.gr/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/mixaloliakos.jpg ), 
  does it apply worldwide , or to europe/france ? 
  i would guess the mortality rate in uganda is different than that of france . 
  is n't one of the reporters armenian ? 
  but in the end of the day , we are still human and i would n't in any way trade emotion for `` logical thinking '' . 
  intentional or not , the whole joke is really well done . 
  good job op !,
