  nobody knows what they 're suggesting . 
  federalists always want just a bit more power to brussels . 
  we have no idea where it will end . 
  i do know better about your country . 
  just because it 's your country does n't mean your opinion on it 's economic and political situation holds more weight than mine . 
  you have stockholm syndrome . 
  your identifying and sympathising with your captor ( the euro . ), 
  and did i say greece was n't riddled with corruption ? 
  it 's precisely because greece is riddled with corruption that it needs to devalue its currency and do quantitative easing the ease its debt . 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  any dutch have any polls to share that show which way this is going to go ? 
  viva la france !, 
  love from great britain . 
   in london ticket sales only cover 40 % of the cost of running the services . 
  incorrect . 
  the subsidy is nearly completely withdrawn . 
  so what ? 
  it 's like the difference between calling you mr smith instead of john . 
  clearly it winds you up though , so i 'm gon na start doing it a lot ye eirish cunt . 
  we really do n't do that to offend you ( assuming your irish . ), 
  it 's just to make clear what we 're talking about . 
  i mean eire literally means ireland , just in your language . 
  i honestly thought it was the more pc way of saying it for a while . 
  if federalism is so great then countries would slowly give more and more power to the eu level and an eu country could be formed . 
  if something works , there is no need to coerce countries into it or say ` once you 're in , you ca n't leave . ', 
  countries and peoples will naturally start to join things like the euro and fiscal union if they see that they benefit the countries that are already in them . 
  even if they leave for a few years , they 'll come back . 
  federalists do n't have confidence that the benefits of things like the euro actually outweigh it 's costs which is why they wo n't let countries leave . 
   this is n't too say there are n't problems in the eu . 
  but there are problems in any system . 
  most people are old enough to remember how portugal was a few decades ago and how far we 've come . 
  it 's a simple problem of confusing the eu with your countries improvement . 
  the real improvement in portugal has come about because of democracy not the eu . 
  the euro is structurally wrong . 
  the portuguese currency needs to fluctuate to make you competitive . 
  but currently you could n't leave the euro if you wanted to . 
  how can that be right ? 
  the never ending recession caused by the euro has caused an uptick in suicides in the southern european countries as well as cuts in their health services which obviously lead to premature deaths . 
  the common agricultural policy means that people in the third world ca n't trade on fair terms with the eu . 
  as 70 % of them rely on agriculture for a living this keeps them poor and their economies struggling with the resultant affect on life expectancy and quality of life . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  power should just be given back to the nation state though if it 's not going to be exercised democratically at the european level . 
  democracy is the thing that keeps us safe in our beds at night we risk it at our peril . 
  come on man , come out of your bubble . 
  the eu is killing greek people , killing portugese people , killing spaniards , it 's killing a fuckton of people in the third world . 
  it 's holding the economy of the whole eurozone back . 
  it 's fermenting nationalistic hatreds between the free people of europe . 
  and all for what ? 
  a commitment to a utopian dream that 's been proven unworkable again and again by the facts of the real world . 
  you need to open up your mind . 
  us eurosceptics were right about the erm , the euro , even schengen has turned out badly . 
  is n't it about time you started listening to our arguments instead of dismissing us as idiots and bigots ? 
  i was wondering about that too . 
  it looks like the [ dublin convention is n't a treaty but a regular eu law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) ( though it certainly sounds like a treaty as it 's named after a city . ), 
  so i guess we do n't have a veto . 
   the uk does enjoy a wider opt-out on eu migration policy , but has specifically opted into the dublin regulation to take advantage of the transfer rules . 
  oh , i agree with that as well do n't worry . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the eu could be there as a structure for countries to agree treaties within europe . 
  if they wanted to they could even elect representatives or governments to oversee certain policy areas . 
  for example , there could be a minister for schengen who would be directly elected by all the people in the schegen area . 
  or a government of the eurozone that could raise taxes to prop up the euro . 
  but countries could unilaterally leave the competences ( with a few years headway ) if they wanted too without the massive repercussions they are threatened with now . 
  my system would be fair , democratic and accountable . 
  power would be democratically held both at the european level and at the national . 
   a country should be capable of seeing the long term effects of eu policies and vote based on this . 
  you ca n't see the long term effects of a policy that has never been tried before in the history of the world for example the euro . 
  in fact most of the steps the eu takes are unprecedented . 
  schengen was unprecedented . 
  free movement is pretty unprecedented , though it 's existed in limited forms it 's normally been between countries of similar wealth . 
  you make a lot of good other points . 
  personally , i 'm in favour of the complete destruction of the eu , i think it 's an evil institution , so i have n't given a whole lot of thought into reforming it for the better . 
  you 're right that it would clearly be very difficult . 
  my point with this post was that a lot of people criticise the eu commission for being unelected and the eu parliament for not being able to propose legislation . 
  but really those institutions pale into insignificance compared to the power of the treaties . 
  i totally agree . 
  i 'm just testing out my argument here to see if there are any holes in it . 
  eurosceptics in the uk tend to focus on how the eu parliament is undemocratic and europhiles have made good arguments as to how it is n't and how it is changing . 
  but imo , those eurosceptics are missing the point because the real power and democratic deficit is in the treaties , not in the parliament as i 've outlined above . 
  so we 're effectively held ransom by romania with a veto over immigration law reform . 
  i think this is a stronger reason to get out than the fact that eu commissioners are n't elected when they make rules over hygiene in the workplace . 
  i never said it would . 
  i 'm just pointing out how wrong it is that there is very little democratic control over the treaties . 
  probably ever front nationale voter , every swedish democrat voter and tons of other conservative minded voters across western europe . 
  or you could give power back to member states . 
  lol , you seem to live in a pro eu bubble . 
  the vision of the eu project is shared by some europeans but not the majority . 
  if everything was up for negotiation without the threat of the veto then it would be easy to negotiate . 
  all the eastern european countries get hundreds of millions of pounds from the uk through the eu and if that was on the table then they would quickly forget any objections they had . 
  as it is n't on the table the uk holds no cards because the status quo on migration rules is fine by many countries . 
  no , i do n't agree with that . 
  i think it should be up to individual countries what they want to opt in and out of . 
  if something is works well then naturally countries will want to join up . 
  unfortunately at the moment we have a system where even if something is a proven absolute disaster ( like the euro ) countries ca n't get out of it . 
  but i agree that the specific rules within a competence ( for example the euro or schengen ) should be decided by qmv by head of state or in the council of ministers or by the eu parliament not by unanimity . 
  now you just sound like an american . 
  because it 's in the constitution / the treaties by definition it is good ? 
  you have to make a case on its merits , not just because ` the founding fathers ' thought it was a good idea . 
  but this goes for everything , that was just an example . 
  because france has a veto over treaty change the eu ca n't get rid of the strasbourg parliament .
