  where is the irony ? 
  it 's a much better use of british taxpayers money to spend money on aids prevention in africa than subsidies to polish farmers . 
  i noticed . 
  so is it pure propaganda in favour of unrecognised nations and independence movements ? 
  what website is this ? 
  for the last ten years it has been the worst performing percentage wise . 
  especially if you remove the uk . 
  they could n't have done it without the massive support of the left wing media . 
  in public toilets too ? 
  how do you use the actual bidet though ? 
   how stupid can a single person be ? 
  exactly what i 'm asking . 
  how can people be so stupid as to think that the euro has benefited greece or any of the eurozone countries when there is no evidence . 
   euro helped greece alot this is exactly what i 'm asking . 
  how can people be so stupid as to think that ? 
  it 's like people saying that the sky is green . 
  surely only a severely mentally deficient brain could think such a thing ? 
  do you have a learning disability ? 
   you ca n't comprehend what it means for the people and a functioning state , do n't you ? 
  it would be bad but then it would get better . 
  at the moment it is bad but getting worse . 
  and they have no good choices left . 
  generally a new currency would be backed by state owned gold . 
  of course the eu being the evil institution it is made the greek government sell all it 's gold before they joined . 
  in this case it would probably have to be back by a friendly nation . 
  do n't pay it . 
  bankruptcy was a sensible 19th century ( ? ), 
  invention that replaced debtors prison , indentured servitude and workhouses . 
  yet in the 21st century we 've brough back indentured servitude for an entire nation to stupid to just leave it . 
  eurodeniers are this centuries holocaust deniers . 
  people are dying in greece and you just do n't care . 
  you 're the concentration camp guards of the 21st century . 
  and as expected you 've no interest in educating yourself with the resources provided . 
  if you had an interest in educating yourself you would have already and would n't be functionally retarded as to be saying that the sky is green and the euro is great for greece . 
  the very premises of your questions are completely wrong . 
  i 'm not going to have a detailed political argument with a retard . 
  there are plenty of eurosceptic resources online if you ever wish to educate yourself . 
  google `` why is the euro bad for growth '' or check out www.eureferendum.com for details on post brexit possibilities . 
   greece 's problems are not caused by the eu eurodeniers are so retarded . 
  your retardation knows no bounds . 
  yet you 're also so stupid that you are massively arrogant and think your opponents are the stupid ones . 
   brexit is a solidly post fact movement . 
  in five years we 'll see who 's right when britain is doing fine and greece has either left the eu or is still a shithole . 
  so sad . 
  the correlation is so obvious . 
  here in britain we 've had a plethora of economic organisations come out against brexit . 
  i 'd take them seriously if a single one of them had come out to say that the euro should be wound down but they wo n't . 
  and we 're repeatedly called racists and xenophobes as well for wanting to leave the eu . 
  or british , independent and proud . 
  johnson ? 
  nicola sturgeon is not a foreign leader . 
  cameron is more famous than obama , well i never . 
  dark red, 
  the democratic deficit in the eu is not to do with the eu parliament or the council or ministers or the commission , though they are n't perfect . 
  ** the real democratic deficit in the eu is the treaties . 
  ** the treaties require every government in the eu to agree . 
  it has to be unanimous . 
  to get to unanimity if a country is intransigent then they are offered an opt out . 
  ( like denmark with the euro or britain with schengen . ), 
  however , here is the crucial part , once you have signed on the dotted line , there is no way out because any treaty change also requires unanimity . 
  if an individual country wants to change something or leave something they have to convince every other member state to go along with it . 
  ( and some of those countries even require a referendum . ), 
  take a small change like getting rid of the parliament at strasbourg . 
  this is probably something 90 % of europeans agree with . 
  the reason it wo n't go through is because france has an absolute veto over the change because it 's in the treaties . 
  the eu parliament , whatever its fault , does not decide the important eu laws . 
  the things we argue about here on a daily basis schengen , the euro , migration , the rules for all these are wrapped up in the treaties . 
  the eu parliament mainly spends it 's time legislating on manufacturing regulations and workers rights . 
  so , we have a situation where the romanian electorate ca n't change a law in the romanian parliament . 
  and the european electorate as a whole ca n't change the law either . 
  a majority in the eu parliament for abolishing the strasbourg parliament would mean nothing because the parliament ca n't change the treaties . 
  a good analogy would be if every one of the 101 french departments had an absolute veto on any change in the law . 
  do you think any laws would ever be changed ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  is that a productive or democratic system ? 
  what this effectively leads to is a door that only opens one way . 
  every so often heads of state will get together and agree to give more power to brussels ( often without the express will of their electorates . ), 
  but no single country can ever get any power back . 
  edit : changed the example because it was controversial . 
  currencies do n't work without political union . 
  everyone knows this now , [ greece has proved it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulqicn0ynmw ) what some some of you might not know is that at least some of the creators of the single currency knew it before they created it . 
  economists and eurosceptics frequently warned tham about it . 
  but actually that was their whole purpose in creating the euro . 
  they knew countries would n't willingly give up their independence without a good reason . 
  they also knew that crises caused by the single currency could only be cured by a federal europe . 
  they did n't care that there would be upheaval and deaths and suicides in the process . 
  all they cared about was their dream . 
  [ here 's one of the top economists of all time predicting exactly what would happen . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fnfdxin.jpg ) either they were evil or stupid that much is for sure . 
  these same eu elites claim that instead of just reversing the mistake we eurozone should double down on it . 
  create a political union spanning a continent , with divergent cultures and languages . 
  that may well fix the problem or it may be even more of a disaster . 
  what 's clear is that the safest option would be to just go back to national currencies that worked well for hundreds of years . 
  rather than follow idiots or psychopaths down a rabbit hole . 
  [ removed ], 
  where do you think your country would be now economically if it had joined the euro back in 2002 ? 
  would it have personally benefited you or not ? 
  what 's the general feeling in your country about whether you made the right decision or not ? 
  ( for the purposes of this question we 'll imagine that norway and switerzerland could become full members like they are with schengen and not just tag along with the euro like andorra or monaco . )
