presumably they would be getting a small bump in terms of tax revenue as they have a higher gdp per capita than the rest of spain and that money would n't be redistributed outside of catalonia anymore . 
  they could use that money on tax cuts or investment spending . 
  if the divorce was amicable they could get away with not funding an army for a few years but that seems unlikely . 
  not at all . 
  well do you care that the common agricultural policy kills millions of africans every year and improverishes tens of millions more ? 
  do you care that there is 25 % unemployment and 50 % youth unemployment leading to much higher suicide rates in spain and portugal ? 
  do you care that eurozone countries have under performed economically since the introduction of the euro and that europes leaders solution to this is ` more europe , not less . ', 
  do you think that harmonisation of rules an policy across an entire contingent is always the way to go rather than letting nations and regions decide what 's best for them ? 
  britain leaving the eu could lead to the dismantlement of the current ` harmonise everything ! ', 
  ` do n't trade with africa ! ', 
  ` screw southern european countries ! ', 
  regime and make a much better life for everyone on the continent . 
  you 'll be straight out with us once we 've shown you the waters fine . 
  do n't worry . 
  do you have an image or video we could share ? 
  me too . 
  but there 's no reason that people living near the border could n't have some sort of fast track system that exempts them from the tougher conditions . 
  benelux countries already had a mutual borderless arrangement before schengen . 
  it makes sense for them . 
  plenty of flights are way less than 2 hours door to door . 
  even if you lived right next to the airport it would be unlikely you could walk to the airport , get through security , take the flight and get to your destination on the other end in less than 2 hours . 
  that 's what i mean by door to door . 
  that 's different from say living in a belgium border town where you could drive to work in france in 15 minutes . 
  living near borders is one thing . 
  showing your passport every time you 're making a plane trip is another . 
  plane trips are an absolute minimum 2 hours door to door . 
  5 minutes showing a passport is hardly going to change your travel habits . 
  ohh no , showing a passport to someone !, 
  could my year get any worse ? 
  greece needs the opportunity to vote out the traitors syriza . 
   internally they can try to keep it on track ha !, 
   do you mean historically ? 
  that has to be because of britain 's support for the greek monarchy , general meddling in greek affairs , the bombing of athens in 1944 and because of cyprus . 
  can you elaborate on all those points ? 
  also , was n't it the british and churchill who kept greece out of soviet clutches after ww2 ? 
  they have nearly $ 200billion in short term securities . 
  just a tax play . 
   the digital gadget maker is selling another $ 6 billion to $ 7 billion in debt wednesday as a way to raise cash to buy back its own stock and increase dividends . 
  the company is adding to its mounting pile of $ 43.8 billion in total debt as of march . 
   the moves are intended to throw a bone to investors -- as apple can pay cash back to investors without touching its $ 193 billion in cash and investments -- much of which is stored overseas . 
  by borrowing , rather than bringing cash back to the u.s. , the company is hoping to avoid taxes . 
  apple has no debt and billions in reserves mostly in short term securities . 
  i agree . 
  but change europe to eurozone . 
  it 's not non-euro countries fault that these countries entered a retarded currency union . 
  you know your elites need to be stood against a wall when the only sane parties are the nazis and the communists . 
  you know your elites need to be stood against a wall when the only sane parties are the nazis and the communists . 
  it was n't a bluff for varoufakis though . 
  he 'd rather go back to the drachma . 
  english translation of the parliamentary vote live here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx9iwbal5lo, 
  right now spain is growing . 
  [ but it will need a lot more growth ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/gdp-growth ) to get back to pre crisis levels and still has 23 % unemployment . 
  i believe they are already independent . 
  their twitter bio says so . 
  https://twitter.com/statisticsgr this is about making them ` more ' independent . 
  well hopefully podemos etc. 
  will learn that you ca n't negotiate with the eu and that their only hope for a return to democracy and growth is to leave the euro . 
  yep , i do n't know why people are so scared of devaluation . 
  for austerity and reform to work it has to come from the inside . 
  at the moment it 's being imposed from the outside by your creditors . 
  as a result , people resent and resist it . 
  reform is necessary and inevitable but it will be easier from the outside . 
  syrizia ( or whoever ) will have no choice but to do things like reform pensions when you 're outside the eurozone . 
  but there will be two things a ) breathing space , room to grow b ) a recognition that greece has to face up to her problems on her own , there is no outside entity to blame . 
  those are both caused by the euro imo . 
  it 's the perfect time to leave the euro . 
  you 'll have a new currency that you can devalue . 
  you can inflate away your debts or default on them entirely . 
  secondly , it will bring stability . 
  no , will they , wo n't they leave the euro fear . 
  money can start returning to greek bank accounts . 
  if greece votes yes . 
  you 'll probably get a similar deal to the one you have at the moment . 
  no room for the economy to grow . 
  more austerity and public finances squeezed . 
  one scenario , is that this goes on for ten years , until your economy has finally grown to pre crash levels - a very slow and painful recovery . 
  the other scenario is that all this happens again in about six months time or a year or five years and then you finally bite the bullet and leave the euro , just having wasted more time . 
  you could have left the euro years ago and you would have recovered by now . 
  look how well iceland has done . 
  their economy was down 25 % as well . 
  what i thought you were pro grexit ? 
  how is ` yes ' going to fuck the eu ? 
  lol , true . 
  you could add singapore to nearly any country comparison and they would fuck it up in some way . 
   from the outside it looks like the uk has little in the way of exports and relies extremely heavily on their banking industry . 
  yes . 
   what keeps the uk floating ? 
  what you just said . 
  plus , other services . 
  we have a massive legal sector for instance . 
  lots of contracts around the world are made under english law . 
  also services are exports . 
  just not physical goods . 
  you were serious ? 
  well i mean it could happen . 
  but if my country was experiencing 13 % unemployment due to a ridiculous currency union , i 'd be trying to get out of it as quickly as possible . 
  not prolong the agony . 
  i needed that laugh . 
  3.35 % of a countries population is a lot for a petition . 
   nobody 's suggesting that the eu blends into one homogeneous state .
