  malta has a population of 400,000 ( less than 1 % of the eu ) but has an absolute veto over any treaty change . 
  which is one of the reasons it gets 6 seats in the eu parliament , double what it would deserves on a population basis and there is no way to change that without maltas permission . 
   if you make opt-outs possible on all issues at any given point , you will see countries opting out exactly at the point where it stops being benefitial for them . 
  personally , i would have no problem with that . 
  but , if you are opposed to that idea then instead the power should be with the eu parliament to decide when a country can opt out . 
  what you have now is a system where power is n't held at either level , national or european , but instead resides in a bunch of paper for which there has to be unanimity to edit . 
  one of my top reasons is that i believe that the cap keeps hundreds of millions of people in the third world in poverty and kills hundreds of thousands of people a year because of it . 
  but what do i know , i 'm just a little englander . 
  would podemos work with pp if rajoy went ? 
   but psoe + podemos + cs could pass laws if they can manage to agree on something that 's interesting . 
  so you do n't have to be in government to initiate legislation ? 
  that was a pretty sharp and funny comment by trudeau . 
  fine but every treaty giving the eu more power should have had the same deal . 
  it 's not robust enough . 
  $ 2 difference is n't going to tip a british person over the edge into lying . 
  that 's barely the price of one mcdonalds burger from the poundsaver menu . 
  even for a poor brit it 's pretty unlikely to make a difference . 
  in the same way , it could be that for an indian $ 3 is just as worth lying for as $ 5 as they 're both a lot of money . 
  they also do n't break the correlation of income to truthfulness by country so it does n't show much . 
  if they did n't want to change the amount by cost of living they could have just used a non monetary reward like a bar of chocolate or something instead . 
  maybe . 
  that 's certainly what the study claims . 
  but unless it offers the same amount of money compared to their economy in every country its conclusion is unsubstantiated . 
   they knew if they reported that it landed on heads , they would be rewarded with $ 3 or $ 5 . 
  if the proportion reporting heads was more than 50 per cent in a given country , this indicated that people were being dishonest . 
   dr hugh-jones said there was increasing interest in the cultural and behavioural roots of economic development . 
  he found that while the honesty of countries related to their economic growth - poor countries were less honest than rich ones or maybe , people in poor countries care more about $ 5 than people in rich countries because * they 're poor . 
  * from the literature  however , it is not clear whether and how lying behaviour responds to incentive size : this topic has been much debated in the literature . 
  to check whether incentive sizes would affect my results , i randomized the size of payments offered . 
  half the subjects were assigned to the high payment treatment . 
  they were offered $ 5 for reporting heads in the coin flip and $ 5 for getting all quiz questions right . 
  the remaining subjects were assigned to the low payment treatment , where both payments were $ 3 . 
  this difference between payments is of the same order as differences in purchasing power between countries in the sample ; if the high/low treatments did not affect behaviour , this should lessen concerns that intercountry differences are driven by differences in purchasing power . 
  useless . 
  nobody in britain would give a shit about receiving $ 3 or $ 5 . 
  in fact the very fact it 's denominated in $ makes it sound even less to us . 
  we know you get more than one dollar to the pound ( though we never know how many exactly ) so it 's like monopoly money to us . 
  i expect the opposite is true somewhere like china or india . 
  you want to really test brits for honesty ? 
  offer them a # 50 reward or higher . 
  see how honest we are then . 
  board *, 
  but the swiss had a referendum where the majority voted to restrict immigration . 
  how is that a fringe view ? 
  your arguments are the same arguments people used to make against democracy in general . 
  norway is in schengen , the single market , esa , erasmus and has free movement . 
  it is not inconceivable they would have been allowed to join the euro as well . 
  monaco and andorra have arrangements to be part of the euro from outside the eu . 
  or you could just rephrase the question . 
  `` norwegians and swiss do you wish you 'd joined the eu back in the 90s and then the euro in 2002 ? '', 
  you say that but no country has left the euro yet . 
  the door to prosperity is wide open but no one seems to want to take it . 
  edit : he gets upvotes for saying how bad the euro is . 
  i get downvotes for suggesting countries leave it . 
  my downvotes are proof of the status quo fallacy also known as the sunk cost fallacy . 
  people that have travelled down the wrong path are reluctant to turn back because of how much time and resources they 've sunk into the wrong path . 
  even when they can see people on the right path laughing and smiling . 
  temporary pain is an issue sure . 
  but the wrong path does n't lead to sunny uplands . 
  the longer you stay on it the worse things get . 
  a simple wrong decision or wrong action is not the same as the wrong path . 
  on a wrong path things never get any better so the sunk costs are irrelevant . 
  i think people in the eurozone need that pointed out though . 
  when you 're on one path it 's important to look over at the other path occasionally and see happy people on that path are . 
  if you only consider your own path then obviously you 'll always think it 's the best . 
  you 're still in that ? 
  i did n't think you were . 
  i assumed that you were just a normal simpleton who has bought into the lies that the eu is `` just a trade bloc '' and has no intention of taking more and more power and eventually becoming a fully fledged country . 
  i do believe the european project ( not the eu ) meets the is a conspiracy . 
  i think eu vice president vivienne reding said it best when she came out openly for a united states of europe :  `` when people ask politicians today `` where is european integration heading ? '' , we usually give an evasive answer . 
  `` we do n't want a super state '' that is generally the first thing we say . 
  i must admit that i have in the past often resorted to this kind of thing myself . 
  it 's what i 've termed an open conspiracy . 
  in that many people are involved ( it 's not a secret club ) and some people are open about the aims . 
  but i think it 's pretty clear that the eu is a project to build a united states of europe and that for the most part this is done by lying about the objective . 
  ( not everyone lies about that objective obviously and some parts of eu law are clear on it `` ever closer union for example ) but most europhiles do lie about about it . 
  the top post on this thread is someone who denies this objective and how far along it 's got . 
  the poster has either bought into the lies or is a knowing part of the conspiracy . 
  they mock the idea that britain will become a sovereign independent country again after brexit when that is clearly going to be the case . 
  the people involved in the project know that the people do n't want it . 
  they hope to guide them there step by step lying about each step as they go . 
  the euro was an obvious part of it . 
  europhiles did n't say , we 're doing this because then we 'll need a banking union and a fiscal union . 
  no they just told everyone it would be good for their countries economy . 
  obviously in the eyes of the backers of the european project they are doing it for the common good . 
  but that does n't make it any less of a conspiracy . 
  the definition of a conspiracy is :  surreptitious plan formulated in secret by two or more persons ; we 've established that the purpose is lied about continuously . 
  and that this has been going on for decades and brought in thousands of people . 
  i think it meets the definition of a conspiracy . 
  thanks . 
  did many people starve to death or die from malnourishment related diseases ? 
  what about ill people or people doing agricultural or manual labour were they allowed extra rations ? 
  how strictly was it enforced ? 
  it sounds like somethjng that would be hard to enforce and that the allies at the coal face would have perhaps been more lenient . 
   you forgot the forced starvation from 1945 to 1947 imposed on the germans when the british and americans reduced calory intake of germans to a max of 1500 per person because they needed to be punished . 
  can you tell us more about this ? 
  if you 'd voted for grecit years ago maybe that acquaintance of yours would n't have committed suicide , your relative would n't have died in hospital or your cousin might have a job . 
  it 's no business of mine if you like being cooked in oil and served up on a plate . 
  though i do feel sorry for your non-retarded countrymen who just want to live in a country with some semblance of a future . 
  a greek person that supports the eu is like a chicken supporting kfc .
