/ r/europe has a boner for most countries to be honest , which is kinda nice . 
  no party would if they did n't have to , to be honest . 
   spent too much time on animation and not enough time showing you ** the reality ** . 
  like typical pole complaining on the internet ? 
  jokes aside , it 's a good spot . 
  it 's just one of many actions taken by polish mfa ( and other people ) to promote the country . 
  and it 's doing a good job . 
  it shows three iconic places in poland ( giewont mountain , krak\u00f3w and baltic arena ) and adds some historical tidbit that foreigners may want to look up . 
  it 's also really well-made and shows poland as a modern nation . 
  no reason to not like it , really . 
  [ or you know ... ] ( http://swiatmakrodotcom.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/278.jpg ), 
  fighting against gender is just an example of a thing that these people like to bring up . 
  basically it always have to do something with religion , homosexuality etc. 
  - things that everybody have an opinion about , unlike economy and other stuff that require actual knowledge . 
  even if this opinion is terribly uneducated and backward . 
  the gender itself is a societal construct that is , in actuality , about as useless and restrictive as race ( taken from an urban dictionary ) . 
  you can read about it on the [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gender ) . 
  basically the gender movement is about changing traditional social roles attributed to men and women . 
  i do n't think that you can even call it a movement . 
  anyway , in poland it is automatically equated to the breakdown of the traditional family model , communism and basically satan . 
  the whole discussion is really about nothing and most of the people do n't know even know what they 're arguing about . 
  i 'm pretty sure that \u017buk will win , but pis having a majority in city council is a possibility ( according to surveys ) . 
  and they would block his every move . 
  it can be really frustrating to live on the east of the country . 
  i 'm not talking about it being underdeveloped ( because that 's not that big of an issue now ) , but about people voting . 
  i live in lublin , the biggest city on the east . 
  4 years ago we elected a president who turned out to be the best president we ever had ( post 89 ' ) and he did more in the 4 years he had than his predecessors in 12 years . 
  he 's from po . 
  while i may not be a fan of po on the national level , they 're helping the president to change the city , alongside with a few councillors who were willing to leave pis to help the president . 
  why , you ask ? 
  because when you 're in pis you are not allowed to vote with po , like , never . 
  our local pis is even worse . 
  they 're a bunch of uneducated , unsuccessful bigots , who are always against everything that the president is doing . 
  for them everything is always too small or too big , too wide or too narrow ... and yet all they 've been doing is renaming street or fighting against gender . 
  basically the worst kind of opposition . 
  you want to know why i 'm writing all of this ? 
  that 's because according to latest survey pis is going to win the elections to the city council ... old people do n't care about new roads , they do n't need a stadium or olimpic swimming pool . 
  they 're gon na vote for whoever a priest in the church is telling them to . 
  and those priests obviously want them to vote for pis , because they 're representing them . 
  it will be like that till they all die . 
  and i may be a bad person , but i ca n't wait . 
  i saw him in the stands during milan 's game yesterday . 
  it is way harder . 
  maybe because it 's so damn funny for us . 
  do we ? 
  i once overheard a group of people talking and it took me a few minutes to realize that they were talking in slovak , not some weird polish . 
  i basically understood everything , but there was something weird about the language . 
  seriously , never heard of it ... 
  dislike ! = hate . 
  i do n't have anything against belarusians , but lukashenko & co. are really bringing them down . 
  maybe i should n't have put belarus in the same category as russia , but i sadly do n't find any reasons to like the country right now . 
  it 's my opinion , it will probably change over time , especially if i get to interact with someone from there and generally got to know the country . 
  plus , there is this whole [ upb thing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_poles_in_belarus ) . 
  [ it would be like that . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hkrmb7l.png ) i actually like slovenia though , just kinda forgot about it . 
  i would really like to love italy and hungary , but there are all those political reasons . 
  we also have maany cultural ties with lithuania , but they can be kinda hard on poles living there so only light green for them . 
  russia , belarus , czech republic and slovakia are pretty clear i think . 
  i also have an educational hard-on for finland . 
  i 've started drinking when i was 15 or 16 , so by the age of 18 or 19 i was quite a responsible drinker already . 
  it does n't really matter when you start imo . 
  you have to learn how your body handles alcohol and get embarrassingly drunk a few to times to realize what it 's all about . 
  higher drinking age only means more young people drinking illegally , as teenagers do n't give a crap anyway . 
  greece , seriously ? 
  they 'd be dead by now if not for the money eu has been pumping into them recently . 
  this obviously is n't merkel 's fault , but i ca n't help but feel that somebody was unable to see the bigger picture when making this deal . 
  russia was n't as retarded as they 're now , but they were always meddling with central/eastern european countries . 
  but then there is [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nord_stream ) . 
  i know that every country should worry about itself first , but this is something that really hurts me as a pole . 
  the idea of nord stream is clearly influenced by politics , but germany really did n't care about anything else than economics with this one . 
  this pipeline is gon na cause lots of problems in the future . 
  according to this we have a higher standard of living than italy , france or japan ? 
  i 'm sorry but this is some weird data . 
  stereotypical polish college student will drink everything handed to him . 
  special mention to [ this ] ( http://img821.imageshack.us/img821/9905/001ojj.jpg ) . 
  we do n't like russians , maybe to some extent french and germans ( history , but seriously nothing serious anymore ) . 
  most people are divided when it comes to uk and usa . 
  some people think that romanians = gypsies . 
  common misconceptions , same stuff as everywhere . 
  i would say that we especially like czechs , slovaks , hungarians and croats . 
  i do n't think there is a general opinion about countries like spain , italy , portugal , austria , switzerland so i would say we like them by default . 
  let 's not act as if we do n't have a slight mentality problem though . 
  for many people it 's still acceptable to not pay for something as long as there is a certainty that they wo n't be caught . 
  tickets and stuff , you know what i 'm talking about . 
  i spent some time in the country lately and i 've learned that stealing raspberries or apples directly from the tree is a thing . 
  it 's nothing big , but there still are many people in rural areas who would rather steal those than work . 
  we are definitely not a nation of thieves , but communism has affected us on every possible level . 
  we still need some time to caught up to standards present in the netherlands or scandinavia . 
   - we do n't often drink alcohol , or not as much as russia , denmark , finland do . 
  not true . 
  everybody is drunk all the time , at least in my circles . 
  or just `` kebab '' . 
   germans best friends ? 
  maybe on a political level ( before hollande ) is there anyone that you actually like ? 
  i guess wallonia . 
  in polish it would be pretty much the same - `` na zdrowie '' . 
  never heard anything & bia\u0142ystok is actually pretty nice city . 
  i live in eastern poland and have never met one . 
  well , radicals are n't exactly the smartest bunch . 
  they 're mostly just xenophobic , i do n't think they give much thought to why they are supposed to hate something .
