  they had protests on all 3 border crossing places . 
  do n't know what escalated things in kapitan andreevo . 
  that happened in a 3-4 hour span . 
  we are no animals , no way any goverment would let that happen . 
  ca n't find sources in english though . 
  the btv news that had a video of those guys harrassing people is the source i used . 
  mind you , i find it really despicable and i feel sorry for them thinking they gained more votes because of it . 
  but if it makes it better , they treat even their own people that way . 
  ataka ( part of the party protesting ) has a famous video of just crossing the streets of sofia and harrassing random people , threatening them with violence . 
  their leader is a nutcase with close ties to russia . 
  i think i made my self clear and i understand your point of view to the point we need to argue anymore . 
   i guess it is hard if you ca n't fish , do n't have any industry and ca n't count on tourism . 
  ca n't be so wrong . 
  not sure about the fishing . 
  i saw lots of fishermen there and there 's a huge market with tons of fresh fish . 
  industry is expanding and they are actually producing lots of stuff . 
  lots of chemical and pharmacutical companies there . 
  company i was working with did n't have enough work force to finish every project that 6 big clients wanted , i am not even adding the little stuff others wanted made . 
  that 's just for march and april . 
  tourism is booming and it 's full of people even in spring , it 's packed in summer . 
  do n't know where you got your info from . 
   still invading other countries and killing many people is always bad . 
  but there are degrees of bad and compared to christians the ottomans were saints . 
  so yes you 're supposed to stop pretending that the ottomans were the worst thing ever . 
   paying taxes is not slavery look it up . 
  still then , you invaded as well . 
  and as your sources say , we ware n't bad either . 
  christians being good towards muslim example . 
  paying more taxes than the other group and segregating population based on whatever , with one group having privileges is a kind of slavery . 
  and , as sources state , if you are a christian ( or whoever else ) - well bad news for you , your saying means shit againt a muslim in court . 
  meaning they could do whatever they want and get away with it . 
  huge saints , all propaganda . 
  dismiss everything with propaganda , even your own sources . 
  saying nazis did worse is just lowering the bar to infinity . 
  by your example , the french massacres in algeria were not that bad , nazis did worse . 
   but again compared to how christians dealt with muslims , it 's not bad at all . 
  but again , for the third time now , no christian ever invaded and murdered us in modern history . 
  and it is bad . 
   so why do you justify the bulgarian government turning a blind eye to nationalists preventing bulgarian citizen s from coming to bulgaria . 
  police came and stopped it as soon as possible . 
  does n't fit your agenda though . 
  now imagine this being in turkey and the same happens . 
  you 'd be prising them if police did n't interfere . 
  but it 's easy to critisize others . 
   was it anywhere as bad as spanish , austrian , russian treatment of muslims much less worse than the nazis ? 
  only in balkan propaganda books . 
  jesus , so you admit it was bad , massacres happened , it was unjust , christian suffered , but since spain does it it was okay . 
  i told you a dosen of times , spain did not invade us , nor you for that matter . 
  and you are comparing a thing that happened more than 500 years ago to a thing that was less than 200 years ago . 
  how do you think the caliphate expanded to spain ? 
  peacefully ? 
  and it does n't even matter . 
  it would be from my tourist perspective though : country has some of the oldest building in human history . 
  they are temples dating back to 3000 years bc ( maybe even more , i may be mistaing here since i am not using google ) . 
  there are a couple of them spread out on both islands , preserved as much as possible . 
  land was conquered by a lot of people , indicating the mix of cultures inside it . 
  it was part of the byzantine empire , then at some point it was part of the arab caliphate . 
  i think italy took over after that . 
  they were mostly muslim until some point , when they were forcefully converted . 
  most of these guys are pretty religious . 
  churches are full and it 's not only old folks visiting them . 
  they had children choirs singing at 6 in the morning at the local church for , literally , god 's sake !, 
  anyway , back to topic . 
  after that , it was ruled by a knight 's order named order of st. john ( i remember that because i bought a metal knight and a magnet huehue ) . 
  they had a lot of watchtowers built to protect the country from potential ottoman invasion . 
  there was this red tower ( has a name but i forgot ) , in the melieha region , all painted red that still stays intact to this day . 
  it 's on top of a hill and you can easely see the idea behind them puting it there . 
  has a view of like 50 % of the island + gozo . 
  there was a siege from the ottoman empire at some point where the order was outnumbered but managed to witstand . 
  after that french occupation begins , for 5 years or something , nothing significant that i remember . 
  and after that , 19 century , it was property of the english empire . 
  they tried to implement as many things as possible , which still stay to this day . 
  even the police uniforms look english , without the hats . 
  the electrical sockets are english standart , roads are like the english ones ( on the left , jesus the horor i experienced every time we entered a stupid roundabout ) . 
  built a lot of forts during ww1 and ww2 , most of wich are abandoned now and part of the country 's heritage . 
  they had a lot of infrastructure being built during that period . 
  lot 's of hotels , vilas , buildings that stay abandoned today . 
  i have zero idea why . 
  locations are awesome , beautiful and goverment makes zero profit out of them at the moment . 
  that 's what i remember , i am bad with dates and years so i evaded them . 
  as you see , from it 's history , it makes an interesting and eunice place to visit . 
  three big islands - malta , gozo , comino . 
  malta , the biggest of the 3 islands , is the place where most people work . 
  it has some big name companies there like actavis , sterling and playmobile . 
  there is a big amount of cities that are basically right next to each other which i found interesting . 
  most of the cities have something to visit as a tourist ( birkirkara has san anton gardens for example - loved going inside ) . 
  they have a city specifically for nightlife - paceville . 
  has a lot of `` gentleman 's clubs '' there . 
  also bars and clubs . 
  valletta , the capital , used to be an old english fort and the walls stay to this day . 
  inside there are shit ton of cafes , shops and restaurants . 
  also the goverment is there . 
  sliema , is where most hotels are i think . 
  also has a ton of restaurants and i really found it beautiful to just walk trough it . 
  has a nice view of valletta from there . 
  other cities i loved are bugiba ( a huge coastaline , the aquarium is there as well ) , marsaxlokk ( with it 's famous fish market and st. peter pool just next by ) , marsascala ( i loved that abandoned hotel next to the old fort ) , mdina ( the old city really feels old and that little restaurant on top of the walls - fontanella - a must visit !, 
  ) , mosta ( huge ass church with an interesting story ) . 
  fuck i wrote too much and i did n't even reach gozo - let 's say the island is a different picture than malta , it 's really calm there , people leave their doors open , keys on them ( i freaked out when i saw car and door keys left outside ) . 
  has beautiful views , awesome beaches ( some tourist hidden and hard to get to , making them special ) and the azure window that i am glad i had a chance to visit and even go on top of before it fell ( do n't tell police pls ) . 
  comino is kind of empty but i heard it has a nice beach - blue lagoon .
