  has just 1 hotel ( working only summer i think ) , a pig farm ( not working ) and a tower . 
  wanted to visit it :( they are really religious but nice people overall . 
  everyone speaks english . 
  local language is a mix of a lot of languages - arabic , english , italian , maybe french . 
  makes it really interesting and their phrases are funny . 
  really helpful bunch , welcoming . 
  also they eat really greasy food called pastizzi . 
  overall it 's relatively cheap . 
  they have this huge ass hospital - mater dei which i found funny - it 's not the only hospital and i think it 's an overkill for the 500 000 people living there . 
  has a 2 floor underground tunnel system just so people working there can `` drive '' from one end to another - someone told me that 's 1 km but i do not believe it . 
  edit : fuck , i forgot about the history but i wrote too much already and missed lots of stuff anyway :(, 
   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_cleansing_campaigns  during the balkan wars ethnic cleansings were carried out in kosovo , macedonia , sanjak and thrace , at first directed against the muslim population , but later extended towards christians , involving villages burnt and people massacred . 
  [ 24 ] the bulgarians , serbs and greeks burned villages and massacred civilians of turks , ** although turkish majority areas in bulgarian-occupied areas have still remained almost unchanged . 
  [ 25 ] [ 26 ] the turks usually massacred the male population of bulgarians and greeks they reoccupied , but not the greeks during the second balkan war , the women and children were also raped in each massacre and frequently slaughtered . 
  [ 27 ] the destruction of the thracian bulgarians in 1913 , ethnically cleansed an estimated 300,000 bulgarians completely from the part of adrianople vilayet remaining in the ottoman empire , of which 60,000 were killed . 
  [ 28 ] ** nice source you got there , was it `` just '' those villages in this case and `` just '' 300 000 bulgarians from adrianople vilayet ? 
  and even there it says that the bulgarian-occupied areas remained unchanged . 
  unlike some other . 
  guess my father did n't kill enough ? 
  not being born and all . 
   again engaging in massacres to quell rebellions is par for the course of empires . 
  every christian empire did that and worse . 
  the allies and axis powers did far worse even in ww2 . 
  but when it comes to ottomans you guys act like it was some extraordinary evil . 
  whatabautism , others were doing it so no biggie . 
  funny how from `` not being that bad '' you went to `` others were doing it too '' . 
  ottomans did worse to us than any other nation in our modern history . 
  what do you expect me to say ? 
  that it was n't an extraordinary evil ? 
   as for your repeated slavery assertions . 
  educate yourself on the concept of slavery . 
  paying taxes whether special or excessive is run off the mill empire behavior for conquered areas . 
  nothing extraordinary about that . 
  and perhaps the ottomans should have just killed and expulsed you all in the 14th as practiced by christians then you would n't be complaining about having to give up a few thousand boys to serve as administrators , bodyguards , viziers , and scholars every 4 years . 
  what a horror . 
  wow , nice going there . 
  totally no slavery in first sentence . 
  giving more taxes than muslims and taking away `` just '' a few thousand boys forcefully , some massacres and rapes was nothing out of the ordinary . 
  no abuse at all . 
  just how a normal nation should work . 
  no slavery at all . 
  at least you did n't kill us . 
  thank you for your generosity . 
  hypocrite . 
   you were personally denying it at the beginning of this discussion , mocking another user for mentioning the 1980s purge . 
  i was mocking the idea of him mentioning it as something relevant to today 's discussion . 
  we all admitted it , we are sorry about it , no one is stopping them from living in bulgaria . 
  funny how you never mention your buddy russia , who actually `` advised it '' ( meaning forced ) during our communist era . 
  this is not a particular genocide that some particular nation is denying . 
   but your tribal mentality makes you judge us more harshly because we 're not good little civilized christians like you . 
  my `` tribal mentality '' would have judged them the same way if it was the english occupying us the whole time instead of you . 
  what do you want me to do ? 
  complain about the french occupying us ? 
  well it never happened and they never treated my people unfairly . 
  fact that you did atrocities and downplay them was admitted even by yourself . 
  guess that tribal thing is strong in you as well . 
   ukraine had a political establishment which was openly pro-kremlin in its geo-political and economic orientation , to the point their broke the ascenscion talks with the eu . 
  we had those parties for 8 years , in wich we went trough the accession in the eu . 
  they also made a majority in 2013 and had zero talks of leaving nato/eu and making a complete economic dependence on russia . 
  you may mention the protests and the fall of oresharski in 2013 , but it had nothing to do with them wanting to leave the eu and becoming ukraine . 
  edit : just so you do n't take me as their supporter and use it against me , i never gave a vote for dps , ataka , bsp . 
   the point is that you have no leg to stand on to take a shot at turks for 1915 . 
  your ancestors were just as savage during the balkan wars . 
  you did not give a single link to how many we actually murdered . 
  and by link i mean from the western history books and respected authors you brag so much about . 
   you guys over exaggerate ottoman brutality to comical degrees . 
  no western history book by respected authors says that ottoman rule in the balkans was slavery . 
  only slavic propaganda repeats nonsense like that . 
  really , by all means , most massacres are documented by western authors . 
  check the refferences . 
  massacres done by the overexaggerated ottoman brutality . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/batak_massacre https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_turkey https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-turkish_war_ ( 1877 % e2 % 80 % 931878 ) #treatment _ of_christians_in_the_ottoman_empire  article 9 of the 1856 paris peace treaty , concluded at the end of the crimean war , obliged the ottoman empire to grant christians equal rights with muslims . 
  before the treaty was signed , the ottoman government issued an edict , the edict of g\u00fclhane , which proclaimed the principle of the equality of muslims and non-muslims , [ 7 ] and produced some specific reforms to this end . 
  for example , the jizya tax was abolished and non-muslims were allowed to join the army . 
  [ 8 ] however , some key aspects of dhimmi status were retained , including that the testimony of christians against muslims was not accepted in courts , which granted muslims effective immunity for offenses conducted against christians . 
  up until the close end of your empire you treated the balkan zones like slaves . 
  having no equal rights in court , applying special taxes and the stupid [ devshirme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/devshirme ) where you forcefully take people 's children , convert them and make them fight for you . 
  you actually profited from them being able to sustain their culture and language because that way they are second class citizens in your empire . 
   the only reason we are is because you thought you could take a genocide swipe when your people were n't any better and contributed greatly to the destruction of a 500 years old balkan turk culture . 
  again dodging the question . 
  maybe we ware n't but at least it 's documented and admitted , unlike you guys where everything was fine and dandy , no oppression ever existed , no genocide was ever made . 
  you deny completely everything and make it sound like we were happy being in the ottoman empire . 
  complete victims . 
  i will say it once more , no one is denying anything . 
  our history is tied . 
  people did bad on both ends . 
  only thing i have a huge problem with is you guys denying everything bad about the empire . 
  your history does n't cover it and states it 's just propaganda against turkey . 
   the party of kremlin here - the socialists bsp , doubled their voters in this election , after they elected their own president last year , who openly advocates for the kremlin . 
  he also advocates for nato and europe . 
  you make it sound like he is pro russia all the way . 
  i find your opinion biased . 
   athetic . 
  this is time to act before we are a new ukraine of janukowicz , not celebrate you fucking morons . 
  lol , i give up . 
  the new ukraine ? 
  are you serious ? 
  on what basis are you saying this . 
  my grand-grandfather was a military engineer and did n't participate in that war either . 
  he was 8 years old then .
