  a single one ? 
  what world did you live in untill this day ? 
  this is not a single case here , every time something happens the same statements are made and nothing is done to prevent the next one . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  your so called `` loss of rights '' , i do n't know what you are even refering to , but are as good as nothing when you are dead by the next atack . 
  every post you make is baseless and desperate tbf . 
  almost like you are evading the topic here and are trying to move away from the discussion . 
  turkey is unreliable ? 
  well yeah but bulgaria opinions do n't matter , you will get invaded and fucked by russia with lube !!!, 
  someday it will happen , believe me . 
  who the hell is calling them subhumans ? 
  no one is preaching hate , i am saying we should not help nations that are against us and say controversial things every other day . 
  if they elect someone that is worth nagotiating with , then do so by all means . 
  right now you are hoping this dicatator solve your problems and he is abusing the situation . 
  he put a lot of speaches that some people may assume as hate one and nothing is ever said about it . 
   now most russians believe in it . 
  they have been fooled , but their whole reality and society makes more sense if they believe that nato is preparing to invade . 
  so what , same thing is happening with turkey , do you expect these stuff to just go away ? 
  ask someone from the me what they think about israel years after the war . 
  their people do it every given opportunity . 
  they treat everyone as enemies . 
  you do realise that this leader is elected by the people and he still gets support by them to this day ? 
  when are you guys saying `` this is enough '' ? 
   i am not turkey , no country is going to rely on us as long as erdogan behaves this way , true . 
  it 's not really relevant to the discussion . 
  how do you know the next one is going to be better ? 
  yes referendum is geting strong . 
  and erdogoon has tons of support wich is not going away as it seems . 
  you guys being so progressive and all . 
   west will give up on you the second america lowers their defense budget , you do n't really hold value geopolitically . 
  just like ukraine . 
  being both in nato and eu , while ukraine being not . 
  and they actually had a reason to invade ukraine ( stupid one ) . 
  read about crimea and who it belonged to 50 years ago and why is it in ukraine . 
  this is a conflict that was going to happen and was expected since the fall of communism . 
  nothing in common with bulgaria . 
  edit : and why does russia even care about us since , according to you , we are irrelevant ? 
  you are making less and less sence . 
   okay , now you 're just being schizophrenic . 
  are you threatening me or something ? 
  why would i die ? 
  ment that it 's going to take a lot of time to rebuild and both of us wont live to see it . 
  guess i should have said it more precise . 
  stop finding threats everywhere . 
   50 % of the country is modern liberal and western , moreso than bulgaria has ever been . 
  it 's not just another iraq . 
  you mean the 50 % that voted for something else ? 
  the `` liberal and western '' nationalists ? 
  or the kurdish party ? 
   these are not insults , they 're just fairly neutral facts . 
  no one has ever cared what you guys think , sadly . 
  as much as a neutral fact is that you are unreliable with stances and relations changing every month . 
  no one will take you as a real ally the comming years . 
   yeah , i 'm sure putin will use lube when he 's fucking your country next time . 
  basing it on your wet dreams . 
  you are yet to tell me when are west giving up on us and why do you think russia is going to fuck us with lube . 
   we 'll get steamrolled and dragged to the european side and we 'll rebuild and be relevant , unlike bulgaria , who does nothing . 
  basing it on nothing at all yet again . 
  you wo n't live to see your opinion live trough even if it does happen . 
  i think you will get dragged to the me and rebuilt just the mosques . 
  what , going to start with the national insults ? 
  i can easely go there and get both of us banned . 
  be in denial another couple of years . 
  first stage is always the longest . 
  edit : since you edited : we 've been with russia for years mate . 
  still have good relations , tons of their tourists around . 
  and west is giving you that treatment more and more each day . 
  keep it going and lets see who is going to get steamrolled . 
  seems like you are heading that way , or are there already . 
  as much as you dislike it , atleast ee is advancing , while you are just degrading every day . 
  i think you are replying to the wrong person . 
  spain 123,000 poland 120,000 greece 180,000 germany 180,676 france 222,215 italy 180,000 turkey 620,473 i do not need to do the math . 
  this is not counting america , wich would send troops the second they ally with russia . 
  how do you think this works ? 
  they just invade everyone individually without anyone doing anything ? 
   without them nato ai n't much . 
  the most bullshit statement i read today . 
  nato consist of most of the west , having access to the most modern weapon equipment and still having the biggest army . 
  what do you think turkey is going to do with it 's army of conscripts with russia as an ally ? 
  second they atack someone from nato they are screwed . 
   unfortunately we do n't get to choose where does migrants come from . 
  all the money we pay them to keep them at bay is money well spent . 
  money well spent and erdolini is still threathening you with unleashing waves of migration . 
  they come from turkey , close the borders and harden the stances . 
  crossing national borders without cheking in is illigal . 
  view it as such . 
   they fall to russia and you can say goodbye to nato let them fall to russia if they want it so much . 
  what the fuck do i care about it . 
  it 's not like they are not falling already without anyone doing anything . 
  right now they keep their weaponary given by them by their allies and still be friends with russia . 
  is it any better for you ? 
   front of stopping the migration crisis change the front then why are you relying on people that abuse you on a given oportunity . 
  i am watching this crisis since it 's begining and it 's always relying on others and staying with clean hands . 
  eu is more than capable in handling this stupid situation without turkey/syria/lybia / egypt or whatever . 
  honestly , i agree with this . 
  why do we need a dictator prone country . 
  let them fall into oblivion . 
  it 's nothing but their own doing at this point . 
  it 's obvious that they have nothing european in them , it 's just another country with me mentality . 
  we must not do anything yet again and expect a different result next time .
