  you seem to be like thos lefties everyone is talking about . 
  what ? 
  i 'm sorry , i thought we had no refugees . 
  how do we punish someone who does n't come here ? 
  did you just change your stance ? 
  and how do we punish them ? 
  by applying something that every country should have done before this fiasco even started ? 
  we are denying no one asylum . 
  if they wish to register here they are more than welcome to . 
  your analogy is really false . 
  the `` guy '' never wanted the `` girl '' at the first place . 
  the `` girl '' comes in europe looking for the rich dude giving her money . 
  it 's called gold digging . 
  late edit : i do n't get the aids part . 
  did we say the migrants are all terrorist and they should n't let them to germany or something ? 
  i doubt it , just you making an overkill . 
  some of the other countries that get rejected are france ( the calais articles are really hilarious ) , switzerland , greece , italy , spain and many others . 
  they must feel super embarassed that their beloved countries get rejected by homeless refugees . 
  i would n't even expect them to admit it . 
  what is your agenda anyway ? 
  to prove that we are a shithole ? 
  it 's a well known fact . 
  yet i doubt anyone here would be mad or embarassed that no refugees are coming . 
  by the way , according to [ this ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/fac2/production/_86549146_asapp.png ) your claims are not even correct , but i am not taking it into account just for the sake of showing your stupidity . 
  i really do n't feel embarassed at all . 
  neighter does anyone i know . 
  no one is that stupid to give the little money he has on people shopping for welfare programs . 
  you can take those engineers and doctors with your pure white hearth . 
  us muggle-born will live with the rejection somehow . 
  they are the only people they see that come from there . 
  i 've been to turkey and i know that not all are backward people . 
  why did you remove your first comment by the way ? 
   hypocrite , you literally do the same later in your message : how is that hypocracy ? 
  as i said , i do n't care about your country . 
  i doubt you give a damn about mine too . 
   as i said , a stone-age mentality where a couple of criminals represent entire ethnic groups . 
  you 've had 15 years to catch up with the rest of europe . 
  i am not talking about the turks living here for years . 
  most of them are decent people who just try to make a living . 
  i 'm talking about those that come here to study/work/whatever . 
  who are fresh and do not obey the laws at all ( e.g. 
  drive like maniacs ) , who go to universities with speacialisations in english without knowing it and buy their diplomas after that . 
  never did i say criminals , you seem to be more aware than me on whose coming here . 
  and 15 years is nowhere as close to catch up with the rest of europe . 
  have no idea why you said that by the way , nothing to add up to your argument . 
  no sence to say it . 
   you seem to agree with me that `` most '' bulgarians are stuck in the stone age though . 
  nope , just stating that i understand why `` most '' are hating you.doesn ' t mean that anyone is in the stone age.and as it seems the feelings are mutual . 
   a minority of cyprus blames the entire turkish you speak for them too ? 
  darn i should back off , you seem to be quite a diplomat . 
  the whole world is speaking against turkey for what happened there . 
  obviously you do n't hate back while generalising . 
  probably cypros has the same stone age mentality . 
  and just to make it clear , i do n't give a crap about your country and what 's the future of it . 
  but seing the fuckwits that come over here from turkey , how they obey the local law , i can see why most people hate you guys , even without the history . 
  i wonder why eastern europe , specially the balkans , hate you ... 
  anyway , your goverment is deffinetly helping the others to find a reason to hate you guys as well . 
  hope it turns out good . 
  closing borders means long line of trucks , waiting for hours to pass the borders while having stock that may rot over time . 
  i do n't know if any car can pass by but i doubt it . 
  i am deffinetly not mad because i have no interest in going there , but i can understand why others are angry about it . 
  strange to hear it from a german , concidering how much money we leach from you.danke shon fu ( umlaut ) r ihre geld . 
  and i do agree with that . 
  if the leader is behind what the union stand for , i 'd gladly support him . 
  but so far i am yet to see a reasonable solution to this . 
  and time runs out , i am actually afraid it 's too late already . 
  how ? 
  by stating the obvious ? 
  would you blame them ? 
  your mutti made this , how do the poles deserve to suffer . 
  i am actually glad that someone shows some reason around here , unlike the `` flood the gates '' attitude and shitstorm the west created . 
  but anyway , i bet my country will bend over and take it in the arse like it usualy does , and so will most of ee ... by the way , i like the agenda this unieijzerenhertog person is following . 
  eighter obey or get lost . 
  that 's the union i 've been dreaming to join . 
  wow , at first i thought that the 500 complaints were across the whole country , but it 's in cologne only , that 's nuts . 
  i really hope it gets better for germans . 
  sorry but , was n't it a crowd of 1000 people , that had the rapist among them ? 
  that 's what i 've got when i red the news . 
  that some people were celebrating on some square and amongs them there were some `` refugees '' who harrassed people . 
  i do n't think they give permanent citizenship . 
  could you source that ? 
  nice troll , i love it , keep it comming . 
  it may sound like a hatespeach , but is n't it actualy normal to apply force once you try to pass the border of a country illegally ? 
  i mean i really doubt they want to get registered here , while they should . 
  maybe they are not cooperating , what should the police do then ? 
  open the gates and let them pass ? 
  that worked splendid for now . 
  those talks are held for years now , i have my doubts it will ever turn into a mosque once more . 
  most of the mosaics inside are christian so it does not feel like a mosque . 
  besides , they get huge revenue out of the museum , had to wait almost a hour in line just to enter . 
  as much as i know , higia sophia is concidered neighter church or mosque at the moment . 
  i see the difference in both situations as that they will be kicked out of turkey the second the war ends . 
  no one gets a citizenship . 
  so there is a lower chance they will stay , and they wo n't find the same standarts in turkey as germany and sweden ( no offence ) even if they do . 
  it 's a plus that your coutries are close to each other and they can go back easely . 
  now look at europe , it 's the exact opposite . 
  that 's why i think we are in deep trouble . 
  they just gave me the paper , was n't even asked . 
  and it was around 10:40 , in varna . 
  care to link them sources wich requirements we do not fulfill ?
