  you need to go back even further . 
  my other grand-grand fathers were close to that age too and i have no info of them being in the military . 
  you really are getting desperate to try to guilttrip me . 
  only guy i see here trying to play victim is you . 
  you completely dodged my question about you invading us , and if you want to go that back check the 5 centuries of us being slaves wich i do not mention on pupose . 
  give me info about the massacres we did to turks in the balkan wars . 
  how many did my father kill ? 
  why are we even discussing stuff happening 100 years ago ? 
  do n't act innocent , your empire did much more than we ever could . 
  fact that your history lessons do n't cover it is not my fault . 
  yet people forget about it and move on . 
  they do , it 's not just the turks coming , it 's the ones staying here as well . 
  at least now there are 2 parties and they will share the same voter base so someone may be able to do something about it . 
  edit : honestly , i would n't be having any problems with it if it was n't the agitation . 
  if they vote according to what they believe , i would welcome them and no one would have a problem . 
  dps ( used to be a turkey sponsored party as well ) had so much influence in so many factories that at some point , people were made to vote no matter what . 
  i heard a lot of scary stories from a turkish friend of mine about his father being threathened to be fired if he did n't vote for them . 
  same is happening now with dost , in my eyes . 
  my grandfather did n't participate in the balkan wars . 
  he was n't even born back then . 
  nice try though . 
  and as much as i know your country invaded us as well . 
  so do n't play victims . 
  last time someone tried to pass the law there were accusations of racism and discrimination . 
  and ofcourse the party that actually was profiting from those votes nay-ed it . 
  why are n't you allowing erdogan to start making speeches and gain votes in germany these days ? 
  it 's their right to vote after all . 
  i do not decide , but no one is proposing to remove this idiocity , because these `` minority '' parties gain a lot of votes every time , because they have 300 000 people in turkey that have the right to vote . 
  and while they just come , eat some food , get to go to a concert , gain money for their `` right to vote '' and then just go back to turkey , i and many other are staying behind and suffering from moneydrains and corruption because of their rights . 
  the nationalists are morons tho . 
  never would i ever vote for such stupid people . 
  russian money sponsored freaks . 
  yes , sorry if i came as such as well . 
  you seem like a decent person and we need a lot of those these days . 
  if it 's any good , everyone around here would forget about this after tomorrow . 
  people care only when elections come ( yet , like half of the population actually votes , hypocrisy at it 's finest ) . 
   low effort comeback , genocide , evil west hmm 3/10 . 
  be fair then , ethnic cleansing ? 
  and do n't hold it as a card as of today . 
  it has nothing to do with how it stands now . 
  these guys live in turkey and having dual citizenships means they can vote twice ( in 2 different countries ) . 
  some comments are indeed stupid though . 
  ca n't even get their point trough , i agree with that . 
  but people are frustrated because it 's happening for 25 years now and no one is doing anything . 
  and for the topic itself , the reactions of these nationalists is as disgusting as the situation itself . 
  you ca n't just harras an old woman and pretend you are doing it for the good of the people . 
  get voted in , make a law and prohibit it . 
  retards everywhere . 
   purge , you might as well call it ethnic cleansing . 
  i 'd trust your nation would know best . 
  this thing happened before i was born . 
  everyone apologised , the regime does n't exist anymore . 
  stop using it against us . 
  no one is stopping them from living in bulgaria at the moment . 
  yet no one actually does . 
  your goverment pays them to come with hundreds of busses , sponsors concerts and probably even pays them to vote . 
  this is not critical thinking or democracy at work . 
  this is abuse of freedoms . 
  i would have been happy if these folks warent brainded idiots who ca n't see that they are being used , but at the moment it 's just abuse . 
  edit : funny how you guys keep complaining about `` the evil west ' and how it 's meddling in your political affairs but it 's absolutely ok when you do it . 
  did you read about this somewhere ? 
  or is it already applied in some other sector ? 
  ( kind of sounds like the eurofunds and european budget taxation ) . 
  would like to read more about it if you have some info . 
   ok , where ? 
  ours in my small city are doing pretty well , even though they jailed people inside supporting isis , having isis flags and their videos . 
  just a couple of guys jailed and then the mosque opened doors once more . 
  isis terrorists still passing trough , no one cares . 
  that 's just one example . 
  http://btvnovinite.bg/article/bulgaria/teroristi-ot-isljamska-darzhava-sa-preminali-prez-romskata-mahala-na-pazardzhik.html sorry , could n't find an english source but someone would confirm it i guess . 
   whatever is your opinion on whether it is effective or not , it is something that is being done now using anti-terrorism laws . 
  it 's been done since forever . 
  some things are prohibited to be mocked across europe for years . 
  fact that you see someone being sentenced just now is your own ignorance . 
   increased airport controls is part of this discussion . 
  doing something about terrorism was the topic in hand . 
  requiring visas for russia has nothing to do with it . 
  for now , and i am not even sure about it , it 's just your egypt example that passes . 
   great , now there is no migrant problem at all . 
  in any case , many countries are not accepting them , and spain is one of them . 
  you ca n't even comprehand that they themselves do not want spain either . 
  you still see them as people running from war torn places but this is not the case for almost 2 years now . 
  the people you see today want to benefit just themsleves and spain is not in their plans . 
  most of them are not even from syria . 
   i could care less about your opinion . 
  the headline just shows how schengen is being regularly suspended these days -- even if you are ignorant of it . 
  it 's done for a reason and it seems it 's doing what 's it intended to do . 
  someone screwed up and decided to trow it 's problems at others and now your shengen control thing is damage control . 
  if they actually had communicated from the start of this shitshow , made processing centers in every country having shengen borders and then spred them all out , giving them equal benefits , this would not have happened . 
  what they did is `` open their hearths '' and just allow random people roam free wherever they like . 
  i , being an european citizen , would not have been allowed to do that . 
   i could care less of your opinion . 
  if you dislike this example , take any other loss . 
  do n't really care about yours either . 
  you just trow things and hope they stick . 
  that example had nothing to do with doing something about terrorism while you painted it like something big and new . 
  it being neither . 
   so now it 's `` not doing anything about radical mosques '' rather than `` not doing anything at all '' ... 
  eating up their money , selling them weapons and allowing them to spread their radical beliefs is a huge deal to me . 
  i 've seen it 's effects .
