  i know how much turkich we are ( or were you the guy who said that our opinions basically do n't matter ? 
  cant tell by the number of turks being buthurt ) . 
  continue making yourself a fool like there 's no tommorow . 
  you have no idea how funny it is . 
  you sure sound butthurt for a guy that does n't care . 
  i mean the whole chain of comments is basically microagressions against people calling you guys non-european . 
  edit : keep it going though . 
  i expect you to prove that the whole continent is actually not european at all . 
  it 's entertaining to watch :d second edit : it got me thinking . 
  do you think france , for example , is european ? 
  i mean by your standarts they can say they are south american as well . 
  owning a chunk of land there and all . 
   so , answer me this - why dont they bring them to tunisia ? 
  i know this one . 
  because tunisia does not want them inside . 
  they state that they do not have the facilities to deal with this and either demand money or just turns them back . 
  everything else is spot on . 
  they can not even prove that they are a non profit organisation at this point . 
  because they are not . 
  i really do n't get those kind of people . 
  it 's like they are fixed on helping them the worse way possible . 
  no amaunt of facts or being logical would change their minds . 
  they are supposed to be educated and have at least some common sence . 
  but no , paste a picture of a child or two ( based on if there is 1 or 2 in the entire boat of 500 people ) , trow them on the coast and let the tax payers handle it . 
  a couple may drown but who cares . 
  it 's all about the feel good . 
  this would solve everything . 
   `` they need a scapegoat . 
  they need to blame someone , and we are a soft target . '', 
   `` i know people like simple answers . 
  so it 's simple just to say : ` it 's the ngos that are bringing people in . ', 
  end of story , '' said marcella kraay , project coordinator with msf on board the aquarius , which is run jointly with charity sos mediterranee . 
   `` but the situation is much more complex than that ... why do they have to take this horrendous journey ? 
  there are a lot of problems and they 're big and complex . 
  the focus should be how are we going to solve that and not shoot the messenger , which is actually what 's happening . '', 
  first of all you are no messanger when you are actively participating in all of this . 
  and how complex is it , a couple of paragraphs above it mentioned that the ship goes to the coast of lybia to pick them up . 
  how are people using them as scapegoats when they admit they do exactly what they are blamed for ? 
  how can you be so ignorant of your own doings . 
  even acting like victims and trying to guilt trip people . 
  a lot of people died just because they tried to reach the stupid ngos and failed . 
  who 's to blame for those deathts ? 
  why are n't they discussing this ? 
  if they want to help so much go educate afrikan people properly instead of making them someone else 's problem . 
  if it was for me i 'd put those idiots in jail and confiscate whatever boat they use for the smugling operations . 
  i really find this idea anoying . 
  are you seriously assuming that since both of those did it , it instantly means the third is going there as well ? 
  go ask your typical practising muslim if secularism makes sence to them . 
  yeah , that 's exactly my point . 
  this accident shows how easy it is to fly a drone there . 
  that one was harmless but what 's to stop isis from putting explosives on it ? 
  i know it has to be a bigger one so it can take the load but it 's still managable . 
  it could have been used for surveillance as well . 
  i really have no idea why you assumed it 's satire just because of the drone even though they were piling up explosies and weapons in an european country . 
  what 's so strange about that ? 
  this only proves that you really are illiterate . 
  bulgaria was never part of yugoslavia . 
  nice try though . 
  why do you discuss something you have no idea about ? 
  okay , you are either an illiterate idiot or just a troll . 
  both cases it 's not worth continuing talking to you . 
  keep bending for that american eagle . 
  i was going to post `` it 's amusing how people forget that fast , even tho the event is n't even 10 years old yet '' but i got over history and shiet . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_kosovo_declaration_of_independence try to guess who supported it first and how much violence it brought . 
  yup , better grab some popcorn and hope tossmeawaytothemount never stops replying . 
  woosh . 
  poland is n't a welfare state , sorry . 
  seems like they do n't have an aging population in a need of young people from africa . 
  purple . 
  you 'd fit right in . 
  no idea why you would leave canada though . 
  or it 's just a flair and i should n't be just assuming your nationality ? 
  he is half japanese , half african . 
  mother was a japanese humanitarian in africa who met an african and fell in love with him . 
  eventually segerusta was born but things started geting nasty in his african country . 
  japan being on the other part of the globe and being robed by somali pirates left him with no other choice but to flee to europe and it 's generous welfare system and welcoming mentality . 
  so he ended up in finland and started learning about the customs and language of this absolutely foreign to him country . 
  he eventually found the internet and this strange site named reddit where a lot of people discuss a lot of topics . 
  eventually he found the european subreddit and posted about sweden and germany and how they need more of his kind . 
  that wraps it up . 
  edit : just for the guys wondering , segerusta is a finnish guy , with no foreign born parents . 
  took me 2 minutes to check his comments and find out . 
  meaning that this story is now for holywood , concidering how much unoriginal and bullshit it is . 
  the idea was that we 'd make a lot of prejudice towards future scandinavians visiting us because of it and we should n't . 
  at least that 's what i think he ment . 
  swedish guy is detained and one of his brothers ( who is still here ) wants nothing to do with him . 
  he did n't want a lot of noise to be made around the case because we 'd lose swedish tourists . 
  that we should welcome tourists with a smile rather than being pissed . 
  he claimed that a simmilar thing happened before where a swedish barman was killed during a fight with security and the scandinavians where offended and boicotted bulgaria because of it . 
  offended because it happened infront of police ( it was 10 years ago and i am too lazy to check what is true and what not ) . 
  i kind of understand where he is going ( except for the dead swedish guy case , ca n't see how it 's the same as kicking a lady in the face ) but he worded it bad . 
  not even good enough for fucking isis . 
  they do not have a sizeable turkish minority for it to even matter if it doubled or not ( which the link you gave me does not mention ) . 
  they are talking about increasing albanians there and they are hardly religous . 
  even then , it talks about the world at whole , not macedonia . 
  nice doom and glooming though . 
   growing basically doubled since the creation of turkey . 
  in fact in bulgaria , muslims will become the majority in a few decades wut ? 
  where are you getting your info from ? 
  this has nothing to do with reality .
