  because , judging by the flairs around here , there are a lot of people doing it . 
  but whatever fits your narrative , it 's okay to bash on central/eastern europe , i guess . 
  is it me or is this piece really hard to read . 
  i am not going to pretend that i am that fluent in english but it took me a lot of time to figure out what this ment ( had to open the map since i forgot kosovo is now a country and macedonia has 5 neighbours , thought the 3 out of 4 was refered to macedonia at first ) :  she said `` the example set by macedonian government is a motive and i call upon the prime minister zaev ' s announcement for the solution to the problems with neighboring countries , because when there are difficulties with three out of four neighbors , this should make us reconsider who the problem lies with . 
  lies with the neighbour or with yourself as a politician ? 
  '' what problems do they have with bulgaria/albania anyway ? 
  is it me or is this piece really hard to read . 
  i am not going to pretend that i am that fluent in english but it took me a lot of time what this ment ( had the map since i forgot kosovo is now a country and macedonia has 5 neighbours )  she said `` the example set by macedonian government is a motive and i call upon the prime minister zaev ' s announcement for the solution to the problems with neighboring countries , because when there are difficulties with three out of four neighbors , this should make us reconsider who the problem lies with . 
  lies with the neighbour or with yourself as a politician ? 
  '' what problems do they have with bulgaria anyway ? 
  oww common man , the rest were kind of funny but that one is sad :( ^ upvoted ^ tho, 
   they get dropped on those island or at most in sicily did n't know that , i thought they drop them at mainland ports . 
   as the articles says , italy is making new laws to make the whole process faster and the eu is proposing to give us some money and people to deal with it . 
  yes , i did read your translation and that 's why it pissed me even more . 
  you are not fighting the problem by doing this , you are encouraging people even more . 
  but i guess it 's no use . 
  might as well take them in if the powerful eu could n't think of another solution . 
   lampedusa til , never heard of this place , thanks . 
   it would still and european problem as far as i know , migrants want to enter germany ( at least the ones that came here stated that openly , do n't know about the ones from the mediterranean sea , but i can assume it 's the same ) or a similar state where there is a solid welfare program . 
  concidering that , they would prefer mainland ( continental italy ) . 
  would be harder for them to reach germany from an island . 
  it 's the reason why i think the ngos gain something from every trip they make . 
  why not drop them at those islands then ? 
  it 's the closest safe land and they would accept them ( being part of italy ) . 
  because no one would pay them for transporting them to there since it would be even harder to find trafficers from an european island to the continent . 
  fact that they do not allow it means that at least some have common sence . 
  forbid it for a week , state it far and wide so it reaches the people abusing this whole situation and see how there would be zero shipwrecks there . 
  italy is not the closest ** safe ** land . 
   the ngos are n't in libyan waters [ really ? 
  ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/epsc/sites/epsc/files/28476.png ) i am going to ask again , since you did n't seem to get my question . 
  what are people from nigeria , mali , gambia , eritrea and somalia doing in a failed state ? 
  ca n't you see that by allowing this you just encourage more and more people to take the journey ? 
  they would n't be there if the stupid ngos did n't take them in . 
  even shitholes like egypt get that . 
   italian authorities i am pissed at every authority there is , mind you . 
  the eu stopped italy after they proposed tough measures to counter these people . 
   back to a failed state with numerous reports of migrants oh , i see that you totally ate up their stance in this . 
  why not bring them to tunisia or egypt then ? 
  they are closer . 
  are they all failed states to you ? 
  in fact , what the fuck are ngos with no jurisdiction doing in a failed and dangerous state ? 
  they concider it failed but decide to ignore every last law they have and do whatever they wish . 
  what are non lybian citizens that totally get enslaved doing in a failed state in the first place ? 
   if you get shipwrecked in german waters you 'll get rescued by one too . 
  do they get to travel to usa and apply for asylum there if they shipwreck in german waters ? 
  because that 's why people are pissed . 
  no one would be mad if they carry them to the lybian coast , but instead of doing that , they pick them up from there and carry them to italy . 
  do you get why they are cocidered a trafficking business ? 
  why not give the `` lets save them and drop them off at the nearest land instead of acting as a ferry service '' solution ? 
  what are you supposed to be ? 
  you ca n't save the whole fucking world . 
  how long are you guys going to let some economic migrants abuse you and what you stand for ? 
  what race is being descriminated in this topic ? 
  you mean everyone can produce them now ? 
  i am not really sure patents go like books . 
  exactly . 
  so that 's why we rather produce them ourselves . 
  they sell abroad and arm our army for less than any german/french/belgian / whatever would offer . 
  you do not seem to get it , do you ? 
  even if they do build a factory ( doubtful ) it would still cost more because they own the factory . 
  we have the patents for producing the aks , a thing that no german company would just hand over . 
  we produce them since the soviets allowed us to . 
  so there 's that . 
  i doubt germans would give us a patent and a green light to produce theirs . 
   croatia , slovenia , slovakia , bulgaria and romania . 
  what happened to these countries that they want to accept migrants ? 
  at least for us , i think we met the quota before it was even negotiated so it did n't effect us that much . 
  us being a border country ment that people came here early and there was a bigger chance of them being actual refugees and not really knowing what to do . 
  so they registered in the first european country and got forcefully settled here . 
  basically we are not against it because it does n't effect us . 
  we were buttfucked before it was cool . 
  that 's my take . 
  justice !, 
  the main opposition chp organized it . 
  i think it 's because some politicians got jailed ( not sure about this one ) . 
  overall people here view it as meaningless since it wo n't change anything , but at least it shows that some people are against what 's happening in turkey atm . 
   prior to the ethnic cleanising at the destruction of the thracian bulgarians in 1913 the christian bulgarians had been more than the pomaks  nevertheless , most of them currently do not profess bulgarian identity . 
  yeah , perfect example . 
  but that accident in poland sure proves your point , compared to that . 
  edit : a huge chunk ( a bigger to be precise ) of them are turks with a bulgarian passport . 
  it 's kind of obvious when they become `` patriots '' and just show up during elections where they have to vote for the turkish party . 
  seriously ? 
  those are turks who have bulgarian passports and ran away there during our communist era . 
  are we counting them ? 
  they identify themselves as turkish first . 
  always did . 
  so you basically just admitted that turkey is also a shithole . 
  because there are none there . 
  nice . 
  at least we are getting better while you slowly decay to the levels of a midleeastern country, 
  projecting much ? 
  what does that have to do with the issue at hand ? 
  the whole discussion was around your country being in europe or not . 
  like the continent , get it ? 
  and since you mentioned it . 
  at least there are bulgarians in those countries . 
  where are the bulgarian minorities , living in turkey ? 
  why do you think they are nonexistant ? 
  yes !, 
  we discussed this with you , i think !,
