wow , your source is the newspaper of the ataka party wich is funded by guess who , russia . 
  much reliable . 
  do you even realise how much of a sellouts they are ? 
  2 or 3 years ago they were against everything russian , against bsp ( ex communist party ) and every russian related thing . 
  look at them now . 
  and do you seriously believe in the improving russian relations thing ? 
  ware n't 45 years enough ? 
  how was life better back then ? 
  besides , i can think of atleast one factory wich opened because we are in the eu , the litex motors in lovech . 
  the it sector grew really good too . 
  stop blaming the eu and look at our incompetent leaders . 
  most of them are corrupted and date back when we had that great russian influence and mentality . 
   nahla left syria with her husband and 2-year-old daughter , fajer , in may . 
  it took seven attempts and three months for the 35-year-old aleppo native to reach berlin . 
  in bulgaria , the border police unleashed their dogs and stole most of her money , nahla says . 
  in serbia , nahla was imprisoned for a day and had to pay a `` ransom '' of 100 euro to be set free . 
  so , she entered bulgaria where you get registered and provided asylyum ( no right to leave the country ) , got most of her money stolen and next thing she is in serbia ( never heard any reports of `` syrians '' corssing the bulgarian-serbian border ) where she got jailed and had to pay up 100 euro ( altho she got most of her money stolen ) . 
  and do we actualy even use dogs at border patrol ? 
  i 've never seen any while journalist where there with the patrols , nor seen reports of them . 
  and this monther guy left his pregnat wife , 2 children and sister , good job monther , i bet they will be doing fine while you are getting the eurolife . 
   not at all . 
  this is straight up false . 
  he is expressing his opinion , and you simply insult him and bitch and moan . 
   they are here because of germany you idiot . 
  not going to comment on the hypocrisy . 
  and you are a fool if you think that this whole crysis started back when merkel said those words . 
  it is going for years now . 
  she just boosted it up , before that it would be us , greece and italy being flooded . 
  shows how much you know about this mess . 
  technically every officer has the right to do it . 
  they are enforcing the law , if you do not obay it , you should be detained . 
  if you are endagering the life of a officer , you should be shot at . 
  no one is telling you `` seek and destroy '' every refuge . 
  first of all i would like to state that no one is going to start shooting them . 
  the outrage would be enourmous . 
  what i think everyone is trying to tell you , and that you are not `` getting it '' is that the law should be forced . 
  would i be able to do that without my id/passport ? 
  what would have happened if i did that ? 
  jail time , get beaten if i resist and even shooted at if i try to atack back . 
  i am an european citizen by the way . 
  what happens when people who are a part of a shitty country with no laws , radical sects everywhere and no education or crime records do it ? 
  hell , let them in , you are welcome . 
  until anyone forces them to get registered and checked in the nearest refuge center , they will just do as they wish , becouse they see it rightful that way . 
  who would n't demand germoney if they paid all their belongings to go there ? 
  i know i would . 
  i remember watching the news once about some syrian refugies that got smuggled in bulgaria ( was 2 weeks ago ) and went to the police patrols who really did take their stuff . 
  that was infront of a journalist though and it was explained that they take the phones so they dont keep contact with the smugglers . 
  really ? 
  i see lots of european funded projects like that in sofia and varna . 
  my university used the funds to repair 4 of its buildings for exqmple . 
  i like how you escaped it with `` at the border '' . 
  how easy is it to go to your border at the moment ? 
  last i checked they are tighthening the border security , stoping trains with immingrants to go to germany . 
  because you send an open letter to the entire muslim world that `` everyone is welcome '' and when you had enough influx of imigrants you start putting the burden on other countries , blaming them for not accepting your terms . 
  are people seriously believing that he will do all the things he said he will if he gets elected ? 
  i doubt anyone would let him . 
  at most , if he ever does something , it would be the great mexican wall , but i dont think even that would happen . 
  edit : by the way , is it true that erdogan made some school children kiss some beard or something ? 
  just read it somewhere and thought it was funny . 
  i did and it seems like they do import the bacteria ( do n't know if it 's dead or not , since i have no understanding of the process ) from here . 
  even if all of this is half true , at least we end up with some positive views , unline italy and germany , lul . 
  are you talking about [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lactobacillus_delbrueckii_subsp._bulgaricus ) one ? 
  as much as i know , every yogurt has it and the bacteria is widespread . 
  marketing is lying !, 
  makes a good image though . 
  although it really is tempting and i do need to invest in a new laptop , since my old one is 8 years old , i really think you should sell it and give the money to a legit charity . 
  i get that your intentions are all good and all but you never know who you are giving it to . 
  we are part of the geneva convention , making the problem ours as well . 
  i do not agree with this , since bulgaria had no doings in the destabilisation of the me , but like it or not , we have to . 
  and again , not like they want to come here . 
  tell them they need to register and they go back running to turkey . 
  [ sure we did n't . 
  ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/173530/defence+council+endorses+project+for+new+jets+for+bulgarian+air+force ) and what 's the refugee problem have to do with this anyway ? 
  just going to trow that without a reason ? 
  not like anyone wants to come here . 
  i really thought you would like us more :( come to think about it , if the same poll was made here , it will be probably mirrored with more red and less blue ( we hate everyone equally ) . 
  and you do invade our seaside really well . 
  at this point a casual romanian probably knows it more than me , even though i live there . 
  jesus , until the very last sentence i thought you were serious . 
  put some / s on there . 
  you do n't know how many people would fall for this . 
  i wonder what will you say if it turns out they are ( wich is most likely the case ) . 
  [ bulgarian force during intensive training ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hixnnx0mpk ), 
  well , not as good as kim 's . 
  i mean , he still has an asshole and has to poo . 
  order of achievements : * firefighter * became a proffessor at a police academy * got into national security * had a business ( with security ) * learned karate somewhere in between * found a party * became pm , * riots started * became pm again may be missing something . 
  edit : fuck it , i hate formating anyway . 
  how the hell did someone digging graves had so much influence . 
  we have a firefighter as a pm , go beat that romania . 
  yup , that 's why he said that . 
  tsipras denied to acknowledge the problem , let alone fix it . 
  boyko mad . 
  what is your take on this anyway ? 
  do you support the farmers ? 
  would be interesting to hear from a greek . 
  thanks . 
  could someone link the videos you guys are talking about ? 
  i never saw any in the news sites . 
   by not letting them go anywhere else seriously ? 
  i 'm done with you .
