  or maybe i overthought it . 
  not that i disagree with you but mentioning kosovo actually kind of proves his point . 
  it makes sence then . 
  it sounded like we have a pact or something and it got me intrigued . 
  guess nato counts though . 
  i thought we had our own air security . 
  and even when did n't have it i think we hired turkey ( like an year ago or something ) . 
  you have sources on this ? 
  being serious though , i actually think he may end up land grabbig some zones from his neighbours . 
  i think kardzhali may fall in his hands . 
  i may sound like a madman and i have zero proof . 
  it 's just a feeling i have that after 4-5 years he may do it . 
  happy times ahead . 
  we can haz land ? 
  western side of turkey is quite liberal by the way , it 's a good deal . 
  plus there are a lot of `` bulgarians '' there already . 
  i heard there is a big market this friday and i really wanted to buy some hookah supplies and unfiltered tea ( ca n't seem to find a good one in bulgaria ) . 
  guess you are right and i should give it a second thought . 
  brexit had it as well . 
  so did trump . 
  not saying it 's not manipulated but i do n't see how anything would change right now . 
  he still had a huge support from the people ( even if rigged ) . 
  these guys would justify every action he makes from now on - opposition would easely be crushed . 
  he does n't care if people go out protesting . 
  he would easely attack them and people know that . 
  not many would go out on the streets . 
  civil war is not an option . 
  plus it will be 10 times worse than the situation right now . 
  army would not do anything either , not even sure who would want them to do anything . 
  so might as well live with it . 
  fun times ahead . 
  i was planning to go to edirne this weekend but screw that . 
  nothing would probably happen but i am not supporting this idiot by inserting money to his dictatorship . 
  what would change if they are . 
  supreme courts seems to support erdogan . 
  all over . 
  good luck and i hope the best for you guys . 
  i just hope this does n't end with a stupid war . 
  maybe he will settle once he becomes supreme leader . 
  it 's even funnier that the story holds up for the country itself . 
  every neighbour wants a piece of [ macedonia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/idwsdag.png ) . 
  hell , some even the whole thing . 
  i find a sence of irony in this . 
  thanks for the real story . 
  edit : i always thought they used the name in a different matter , we call it makedonia , i think they pronounce it like that as we . 
  not sure . 
  `` make '' means mother in old bulgarian . 
  so i always assumed it was something like motherland . 
  but it makes sence to have a deeper and a greek meaning . 
  it 's because it was invented there . 
  alexander the great himself made this marvelous discovery . 
  they even made a fruit salad statue in the middle of skopie . 
  honestly , the others were worse . 
  we have the ex-communist which do n't even need to be bought to support russia . 
  the turiskih minority party , which gets it 's votes from the turks living in bulgaria . 
  they were turkey sponsored , then something happened and they became best buddies with russia . 
  the other one is a businesman with a shady background who demanded the pm spot even though he beraly entered the parliement . 
  good luck with that . 
  the more you invite , the less of a need for them to assimilate with the culture inviting them . 
  and they are more than enough . 
  islam ia growing all across we . 
  a journalist of ( i assume , because her being turkish should mean that she would be atleast a litle bit familiar with the religion ) a rich and liberal origin and someone who saw what happens when you criticise the religion are not going to be the majority of the population after a few decades . 
  you already bented to it , we all did . 
  i find it inevitable at this point . 
  it 's a matter of when , not if . 
  i know it sounds like doom and gloom but i ca n't see you guys winning this . 
  they ware n't angry at him as much as i remember ( even though it was kind of a provocation , reporter did n't say she is bringing someone who opposes them ) . 
  they ware angry that islam is viewed as the absolute evil by media . 
  i can argue here that bbc has a shitload of propaganda and biased articles on the oposite direction , like the one that some woman traveled across arabic countries by bicycle , got harrased , nearly raped ( i think she even had security with her the whole time ) but at the end they made it as if it was not bad at all and totaly worth it explaining how friendly people were . 
  point is , i actually agree with you , i see where you are geting at . 
  i would be the same . 
  but not everyone is like that . 
  it 's easy to say that it 's the people making islam look bad and dismissing every criticism . 
  you will have to get used to it because , for now , these guys seem to be the future of europe . 
  so they are not going anywhere and if both sides do n't understand each other , shit is going to hit the fan . 
  i think you are over the top with this . 
  never did they stop any criticism and say anything out of the ordinary . 
  you would be angry as much if everything you stand for is viewed as the root of evil . 
  because lets be fair here , whenever islam is mentioned , it 's always related with something bad . 
  i do n't think that group in particular has any bad intentions . 
  this is cmming from a big critic of religion and i do n't even like immigrantion like the one happening atm . 
  just so you do n't assume something . 
  i actually read a lot of their scriptures and know how easely someone can justify whatever from it . 
  i am defending neither because i hate both ends of the spectrum . 
  a lot of stuff happened just because the left ended up denying existing problems and putting labels on people adressing them . 
  i believe the truth is always in the middle and not on both ends . 
  right would ruin eu , but the lefties made them look legit with some of their actions . 
  edit : i went too offtopic with this . 
  stopping it here . 
  the whole sub is futile to be fair . 
  we change nothing while discussing here :p and i really hate using the `` right-wing '' excuse when it comes to such debates . 
  people should be open to discussions about these topics . 
  in a good manner and without fear mongering from both sides . 
  you are right , i never ment that all of them believe this . 
  just wanted to point out how easy it is to interpret it in a non peaceful way and how islamic terrorist organisations easely recruit . 
  the scriptures are so old that everyone can make their agenda out of them and use them for whatever they wish . 
   10 commandments correct !, 
   if anyone has killed one person it is as if he had killed the whole mankind ( 5:32 ) yup , your avarage mo ( hammad ) stops here and , hopefully , follows it . 
  but , what he does n't know is the full verse in their book . 
  it quite obvious :  because of that , we decreed upon the children of israel that whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption [ done ] in the land - it is as if he had slain mankind entirely .
