  well , it became shit after the 3rd time only because you kept repeating it . 
  like nothing new said . 
  hard to talk to a wall . 
  i do n't care about you talking about it , but atleast add up rather than repeating the `` europe should take kurds '' stuff . 
  yhah but i remember you saying that we do n't matter so overall you do not share any culture with eu . 
  and i doubt you really share with us anyway . 
  please inform me what you know about bulgaria and what culture of ours appeals you and is the same as yours . 
  do you like squatting and drinking alcohol too ? 
  heard it 's exspensive there , you guys being islamic and all . 
  and i did n't know we converted to the same religion as yours , that 's new . 
  which words of mine offended you ? 
  :( are you denying the culture/religion you share with arabs ? 
  how am i being aggressive ? 
  you just keep saying nothing at all . 
  always find convos with you delightful . 
  strange , our neighbours here ( macedonia ) associate us with you guys , being tatars . 
  russian guys talk about us being slavs and same as them . 
  everyone seems to want us to be a part of their group , i feel really flattered . 
  what is the point of repeating the same shit over and over again ? 
  it 's like 3 or 4 comments with no content . 
  are you doing it for the sake of answering me ? 
  flattered again !, 
  edit : maybe erdogan should aim for an arabic union with the south , i see that he wants to get involved with them guys and you are obviously supportive of him . 
  i think they are a part of the more liberal ( a joke word over there , i know ) ones in your country and yet they still percieve kurds as a huge problem . 
  i assume rural folk are worse . 
  plus the bulgarian turks i talked with with were openly against them and shittalked them as much as possible . 
  i think it 's fine to assume that they are viewed as a problem over there , one that you wish to get rid of easely . 
  i think we should n't be letting you anywhere near concidering the past few mounths . 
  edit : before the `` bulgarian opinion does n't matter , you are useless and no one would go there anyway '' , you might be right , but that 's the general opinion about you guys atm . 
  and you ai n't doing anything to fix it either . 
  because i read the turkish sub and know that you take them as a problem ? 
  or it 's all fine and dandy and wanting the sdf destroyed , attacking kurdish protesters and jailing their party has nothing to do with it ? 
   kurdish people and european people get along really well . 
   i 'm certain that kurds will integrate well in europe . 
  i feel like you are trying to trow your problem at us . 
  or are being completely dishonest . 
  or sarcastic , not really sure . 
  400 euro minimum salary , the one you think is a huge pride and an achievement , is a fucking joke compared to what they woud recieve in west europe . 
  sofia has a higher salary than this , most people earn above 500 and yet still migrate to europe instantly when an opportunity arises . 
  overall you are delusional if you think that no one from west turkey is migrating . 
  it 's not half of them , a few do ( 5 % of them applied for a passport during the last 10 years ) but not that many . 
  most people do not identify as bulgarian there plus the country is kind of hostile to those that actually do . 
  i find it really strange how countries like turkey are able to maintain the turkish identity of people that are born in foreign countries for like ages and generations ahead . 
  us on the other hand ... 
  yes , i do not agree with it . 
  nothing indicates that he sympathizes with the said ideology . 
  just dust in the eyes and wasting time + money at this point . 
  many of our politisians have done worse and are still at office . 
  this is the stupidest resignation i have ever seen . 
  i am not sure if you can without ties with military staff . 
  i think dinko got his hands on one since they sold it for scrap to him ( him owning a business with scrap metal ) . 
  it is operational though , saw videos of him driving it . 
  hilicopter does n't work though . 
  edit : you got me interested and i saw a guy selling 2 for 18k euro . 
  also , one of the goverment agencies sold one for 8k 3 years ago . 
  [ link in bulgarian ] ( http://www.bpost.bg/article/29171 ) . 
  anyway , are you going to protect us from illegal aliens with it too ? 
  [ no , we are n't ] ( http://freshpress.info/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/bugarski-fresh-press.jpg ), 
   calais jungle will relocate to the uk , that 's the stupidest argument i ever heard for britain to remain in the eu . 
  either it does n't exist or someone was deffinetly pro exit . 
   uk science research will die would take a hit , and it does . 
   british stock market will collapse how are you certain it 's not happening once they leave ? 
   the eu is not plannning to create its own army . 
  is this a remain argument again ? 
  so either he contradicts himself or he is trying to say that he did anything possible to enter eu ( absolute lie ) and they would never let him . 
  not that he stopped aiming for it . 
  the `` brexit '' vote is irrelevant because it implies that eu wants them in , while they do n't . 
  it 's just another bullshit threat of his . 
  i personally find this interview more as an excuse aimed towards his votebase than anything else . 
  the ones that voted for him and wanted closer ties to eu ( they exist , lol ) . 
  what are you reading ? 
  he never said anything remotely close to that . 
   `` there is not a single thing that we are not ready to do , the minute they ask for it . 
  whatever they wish , we do . 
  but still they are keeping us at the door , ''  `` one or two countries can not keep the eu alive . 
  you need a country like turkey , a different country symbolizing a different faith ... 
  but eu member states do n't seem to realize this fact . 
  they are finding it very difficult to absorb a muslim country like turkey , '' he is saying that he did , and would do , everything possible to enter but eu does n't let him because they are islamophobes . 
  as if your country deserves to enter it . 
  your leader is never going to stop bothering eu because he knows it gets him votes . 
  it 's funny how pathetic he is with the whole situation . 
  the whole dailysabah is a fucking mess . 
  why have an english columb when the only thing you spew is propaganda towards turkish citizens ? 
  i mean , try to find anything bad about turkey in the whole site . 
  it 's a fucking joke . 
  no wonder they are brainwashed to oblivion . 
   and they should be in solidarity with their turkish brothers , who are symbols of multiculturalism and an antidote to populism and fascism in europe . 
   otherwise , when fascists `` come for themselves , '' as it happened in germany 80 years ago , they will pay the penalty for their silence and will have nobody to embrace them . 
  oh my ... how does he expect anyone to take him seriously ? 
   our investigation has shown that vmz-sopot has a contract on supplying weapons with two us firms , chemring and its affiliate chemring ordnance , and orbital atk . 
  both firms are us government contractors . 
  in 2016 alone , chemring obtained two contracts worth $ 47 million for supplying weapons you are fooling your self if you think nato does n't know about the arms deal . 
  i like the tittle of the `` investigative '' reporter though ( investigative as if the whole operation was done in total secret - the ship was legitimate and had official logs and the deal was transparent ) . 
  totally dismisses even a hint that sa has anything to do with it . 
  it 's okay if a filthy eastern european country instead of a direct ally of usa is doing it . 
  and i like the turk guy who did n't even read the article and tries to respond with guit tripping tactics :  -- there is a headquarters comprising representatives of 15 countries , located in turkey and jordan . 
  the weapons reach us through that hq -- how , it 's not our concern , we only care that the weapons arrive . 
  we have clearly warned the americans and europeans that the weapons which are passing through the fsa general hq are going to organizations which the west has declared to be terrorist organizations . 
  thought the idea was that we should n't allow any ( that 's what i got from his intellectual comment ) . 
  the ones in serbia separated because of not feeling serbian and formed kosovo ( hense his point , them being bad for europe because of segregating themselves and forming parallel societies ) .
