  this was just shitty assumptions from the whole start wow . 
  wow , unlike this shitshow , ours was agreed from a brussels council , meaning a lot of people prepared for it . 
  not like some bravehearth stating something without thinking it trough . 
  and what does that have to do with the crisis anyway ? 
  this is not even whatabautism , just plain stupidity . 
  seriously , let 's just imagine that this thing is happening ( turks do n't get agressive please , no one is invading anything ) . 
  how do you get the idea that just these random countries are going full out against turkey , it would be a coalition between a lot of participants . 
  still no idea why anyone would be dumb enough to do it though . 
  i heard about islamic doomsday prohpecies that istanbul is going to be conquered before judgement day by the christians so there 's that . 
  maybe poland-bulgaria make it !, 
  why would bulgarians do it ? 
  guy who suggested it is polish , i would like to help tho . 
  deus vult and all . 
  would be happy with edirne and lulekburgas . 
  you see , hungary did it 's part without funding , they installed fences pretty quick when shit hit the fan . 
  no eu funding was needed . 
  as much as i know , one of the most important things when entering the shengen zone is guarding the external borders properly . 
  countries that are in the shengen therefore are required to do it in a competent matter even before entering it . 
  blaming it on proper funding and 2 countries is not an excuse ( not sure if hungary and poland would have any power to veto it if every other , as you say , voted for it ) . 
  italy and greece did n't have that much of an issue before it got exponentially bigger after people realised how easely they could reach the welfare states . 
  guess who wellcomed this with open hands . 
  problem was that no one wanted to stop it , not that they could n't . 
  because people were crying to allow them in . 
  eu can and does enfore when we are talking about shengen though . 
  no one did a damn thing . 
  we met the `` quote '' thing even before it was agreed upon . 
  and i am pretty sure serbia and macedonia got more refugees last time because our route is longer and people have problems with our border guards ( ding ding , border control working example , in case you did n't get it ) . 
  you are pretty much against refugees when you would want to go out of the eu just to not have them . 
  did n't even get your last sentence . 
  makes zero sence to me . 
  you agree with the netherlands being called nazi while your friend here is trowing everyone in jail and pushing for a death penalty at the same time . 
  edit : your `` simple '' salution is not even simple at all . 
  even if some day , god forbid people being that dumb , bulgaria leaves the eu it will take years for them to actually leave . 
  during that time refugees ( that you like soo much ) would still be coming . 
  we will be having zero trade agreements . 
  hundreds of firms who outsource in bulgaria would be made to leave because it is not a profitable enviroment anymore . 
  your `` simple '' salution would bring us back to the 90ties . 
  serbia and macedonia are not in the eu and yet refugees go there as well . 
  they also have to take them in no matter what the refugees want . 
  you gave this zero thoughts . 
  like what ? 
  remove the border and start kissing your sorry ass ? 
  i honestly have no idea what imbeciles like you expect . 
  go vote akp or dps or dost or whatever . 
  well , trowing billions to a dictator who uses everything as leverage to gain more power or just not having borders at all ( and even taking them in when they sink their own ships , lol ) proved to be way more effective . 
  i never said he 's a good guy or anything . 
  i fear he will fuck my country up while trying to suit his voterbase so i have nothing but hatred towards him . 
  it 's just that it 's nothing new and saying `` fuck erdoshit '' kind of moves the attention just towards him while previous goverments did far worse . 
  at least he tried doing something with the kurd problem . 
  and failed . 
   since the us does n't publicly call their arm in syria pkk , you may have missed that their announcement of assurances about the arms they were providing would n't be used against turkey . 
  did n't miss it . 
  it was about how they will get them back from the fighters once isis is done for ( as if that 's possible , lol ) . 
  just that it was related to the syrian branch of kurds . 
  not going to argue how related ( or if they are the same ) to pkk they are since there are people claiming a lot of things and i am far from convinced either of them are right . 
  what i am trying to say is that i did n't tie the us and their support for sdf with pkk stopping the terror in turkey . 
  guess that confirms that there are at least ** some ** talks between the groups . 
  i know this is not going to be liked but i find this kind of good since it leaves rooms for nagotiations and reason without making bloodshed one after another ( even though that legitimizes their actions in turkey which i concider acts of terror )  kurds being told to go to kurdistan etc. 
  nasty . 
  yeah , this will deffinetly happen . 
  at least they would n't have a proper reason to bomb themselves in turkey if they already establish a country since the ones not integrated and having a huge disdain towards turks would have a place to go to.kind of like what israel is to jews . 
  i think they will continue even if us allows them to form a country but some wishful thinking is always welcome . 
   http://www.newstatesman.com/world/europe/2016/12/istanbul-bombings-shattered-turkeys-post-coup-calm i remember reading about this . 
  forgot that it was december . 
  what a fucking sad mounth for your country . 
  i assume you are turkish by the way , from the knowledge you have about kurds . 
  if not , sorry . 
  you are one of the few i had a good conversation with . 
  so you keep saying that it 's just visegrad that has problems and discriminates towards them while the rest of europe is fine and dandy and has zero double standarts . 
  all this while you lump a group of people into one and accuse them of being hypocrites . 
  you are basically doing what you acuse central europe of . 
  having double standarts against them while completely dismissing that the whole of europe has a problem with immigrants . 
  i am done with this guy . 
  most of the me and turkey dislike us anyhow , that 's just another excuse for them to hate them even more . 
  never thought of the us intervetion in pkk 's plans though . 
  it does seem rather calm after they started to openly support kurds in syria . 
  do you think that both parties would be okay if they declared northen syria to be the kurdistan they tried to make in turkey ? 
  sort of like a middle ground in the peace talks ( they get land and get to do whatever they want inside and turkey looses none of it 's control inside it 's country ) . 
  and what terror hit in december ? 
  i remember the club shooting but i thought that was isis . 
  as much as i know pkk demands were met . 
  was n't it related with the language and how turkey forbid it being taught in schools ? 
   where have i said that it is ? 
  what was your initial comment about ? 
  who did you call hypocrites and alt-right ? 
  i do n't think he started all of this to be fiar . 
  he just continues it . 
  i doubt we will see peace between turks and kurds even if turkey does nothing against them the upcoming years . 
  tensions are high and there is a lot of grudge on both sides ( some even justified ) . 
  again not a single fact was stated . 
  you seem to just talk nonsence . 
  yet you accuse me of lacking arguments . 
  what arguments do you want against `` alt-right hypocrites ! '', 
  that countries from visegrad would not acknowledge this because it 's not a muslim that did the crime but a british-polish guy . 
  do such kidnappings happen all the time where hundreds are victims ? 
  you are comparing one case done by one polish person against organized acts done a couple of times every year . 
  and the person is even alive for god 's sake , there are no casualties . 
  seriously , you people talking about hypocricy . 
  please tell us about the hypocricy of the alt right , give us the cold truth . 
  are you saying it 's just v4 that does this ?
