  jailing one person that is small fish , over something ( i do admit ) stupid , is doing nothing for me , sorry . 
  firstly , i am not entirely sure if i got it right , but if i did , i see a few problems . 
   let countries decide whether they want to add something on top of that . 
  no one is going to do that . 
  and how do you know the standarts would rise ? 
  i mean , overall it makes sence but there is no certain guarantee that it would rise . 
  i can tell you for sure that after this is voted the most poor countries would just cut heathcare funding and use the money they get from the eu to cover the cost . 
  insurence companies would not allow your plan either and most of them are very rich with big influence . 
  this wold require a lot of laws being changed and a huge synchronization of 28 countries 's hcs . 
  would take years and many goverments would be voted in and out during that time , some not agreeing with it . 
  i still think it 's a step in the right direction , do not get me wrong , but i do not forsee it happening any soon . 
   really ? 
  really ? 
  you have n't see military presence in european airports this last year ? 
  and to be honest i thought spain was safe from this since we mostly hate our military ... but on my past trip to bilbao there were army guys too . 
  it is not surprising to me in the slightlest that people who do n't travel at all are the ones most in favour of this types of restrictions . . yep , bulgaria-malta , malta-barcelona , malta-bulgaria , zero military presence isnide the airport . 
  i saw 1 military car outside the malta one once in the morning and i had no idea what it was about , they were just chiling in the car . 
  guess i do n't travel enough . 
   really ? 
  really ? 
  they 're putting people in prison now for `` offensive '' tweets about long-dead historical figures . 
  but according to you wahabi mosques are exempt from this . 
  according to me , yep , they are not closed . 
  treating the symptoms of a disease wo n't help either . 
  and it 's not a right being taken away . 
  spewing hatred is forbiden for more than a decade everywhere across the eu . 
  terrorism and the mocking of it 's victims is a kind of hate speech for me . 
   my company just forwarded an email to me about restrictions for egyptian citizens . 
  no idea on that . 
   here was talks about eu requiring visa again for american citizens . 
  irrelevant to the discussion , do n't know why you brought it up . 
  it 's because they have visa requiring to some eu nations and refuse to remove it . 
  has nothing to do with terrorism . 
   a month ago , i got a russian friend stopped at the eu border for 24h just no idea about that either . 
  probably the economic restrictions but i am not sure . 
  is it relevant to this discussion as well ? 
   where is it that you live ? 
  bulgaria . 
   because countries are not accepting them , period . 
  the ones that we accepted are gone to germany . 
  their destination even before entering europe . 
  there was an asylum center with 3k people before 3-4 years , most of them went to germany . 
  portugal wanted to accept them , no one wanted to come . 
  serbia and romania had the same idea , welfare is more important . 
  it 's on us for being worse than syria i guess . 
  your headlines are hilarious . 
  they got someone with false travel documents in the shengen area during a check . 
  geez . 
  so racist . 
  sweden had conscription until 2010 , just checked . 
  huge deal and loss of rights right here . 
  you are yet to tell me what does that have to do with this discussion . 
  it 's because of russian threat , maybe that 's why your friend got stopped as well . 
  nothing to do with terrorism . 
   this is literally a textbook example of demagoguery . 
  a word i have n't seen used in a long time ever since it became mainstream politics . 
  yes , it does sound like that , even though it was not my intention at all . 
  still think something should be done . 
  maybe stop sucking sa money and not doing anything about radical mosques rather than jailing this lone rapper that probably got the idea from somewhere * shrugs * . 
  honestly have no idea how this would work . 
  ca n't even fanthom it . 
  cross funding would require a lot of laws being changed . 
  hcss in europe on average . 
  guess i should have said it more differently . 
  do n't even know if we have union sponsored systems ? 
  i think it 's just donor cooperations between countries if i am not mistaking . 
  i thought we are talking at european level here . 
  still , european hc is one of the best around , compared to other continents , in my opinion . 
  it may require tweaking but if it was left the way it is , i woud n't complain . 
  ours is underfunded to oblivion and has it 's problems tho . 
  i am all for that by the way . 
  exept the heath system , i think it 's good enough as it is , bar the salaries . 
  how is this topic relevant to what west/russia is valuing in bulgaria at all ? 
   nah , we maintain a careful balance . 
  or we were , until erdogan . 
  turkey is not an easy country to conquer , unlike bulgaria . 
  your sentence makes no sence , sorry . 
  my second paragraph was for you to notice how rediculous you sound but i guess it did n't help in that matter . 
  last time i ever reply to you . 
  you sound more and more like a regular troll that just repeats the same thing over and over again . 
   there 's a fucking guy with machine gun groping my parts every time i try to board a flight and you say we 're not doing anything ? 
  never got chekced in an airport before . 
  where do you live ? 
  last 2 flights i did n't see any guns at all to be fair . 
   the government in my own country is putting people behind bars just because of some tweets could `` enact terrorism '' and you say we 're not doing anything ? 
  seems like it , 1 loner saying something radical is not stopping anyone to preach in the wahabi mosques and importing isis terrorists without checking them . 
  plus never deporting them after . 
   getting a visa is getting harder for the first time again , where do you live ? 
  and where is getting a visa harder ? 
   the geneva conventions are being regularly ignored what part of the geneva convention ? 
  the refugee one ? 
  the one that the refugees ignore themselves , become migrants and still get asylum in germany ? 
  how is it ignored ? 
   european countries now drop schengen whenever they feel like it and we 're not doing anything ? 
  you mean when they try processing people that are not eu citizens ( no shengen rules apply ) and fail at it because someone did n't close it 's border and did not apply the rules that are required when you enter shengen ? 
  sound like not doing anything to me . 
  not in time at least . 
   nord european countries are increasing military spending and some of them are bringing back conscription and you say we 're not doing anything ? 
  i think they already had conscription there and increasing military spending has nothing to do with this crisis . 
   i do n't know in which world you guys live that a single lunatic yesterday is more important than the loss of rights that me , my father , and my grandfathers fought for more than a century .
