  all i 've red is that we meet everything that was needed . 
  with blackjack and hookers . 
  i thought we were pals with the us already . 
  all that nato and stuff , us army coming in for training , mc donalds everywhere and all . 
  it would n't be the same anymore . 
  i will even watch sherlock and dr.who with different eyes :(, 
  i feel like you guys can handle politics way better than most of the countries . 
  i doubt we will federalise soon even without you anyway . 
  besides , you have a big influence in every country in europe ( not only ) . 
  it will be a major blow if you leave it . 
  and your people were the only foreign ones i could understand while being in bansko ( a sky resort in bulgaria ) and they were fun to talk to :(, 
  please guys , do n't leave us here with germany and france , i like you :(, 
  my point is that you are exactly like every `` grass greener '' type of a guy . 
  i am not going to argue that life in bulgaria is way better than uk , because it 's obviously not . 
  i just want to point out that it 's not just black and white and we have our advantages . 
  people told you we are improving , but you just trow the media argument and the `` life is shit , i earned more in uk '' . 
  i never said the press is absolutely free . 
  how did you get that impression . 
  it has it 's flaws . 
  just tried to explain why we are ranked so low . 
  i know a guy who actualy bought an apartment in sofia , and he is n't that wealthy . 
  just a steady job requiring computer skills ( typing in excel ) . 
  not to mention that you picked one of the most expensive cities , where the appartment prices are the highest.the mortgage rate is the same by the way , thanks for pointing that out . 
  however , i have my doubts it would cost you 60 000 euros there . 
  i just checked the pork meat and it 's 3 euro , compared to 9 in the uk . 
  i may be wrong about this one though , because the sources that i use . 
  what 's with this ad-hominem mania by the way ? 
  i 've never seen this word and in the last 30 minutes , i saw 3 people use it . 
  and it kind of applies to you too , with that last sentence of yours ( wich i assume is sarcasm ) . 
  you do know how the press freedom index works right ? 
  with questionnaires towards journalists and organisations in the country . 
  concidering we are the most [ pessimistic people on the planet ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/john-feffer/who-are-the-worlds-top-pe_b_2404353.html ) , do n't you think that this might reflect the results a bit ? 
  i find it hard to believe that kosovo is higher than us . 
  and i lol at your `` it 's about 5-80 % more expensive , not more than that '' , 80 % is quite a lot . 
  good luck buying an apparment in the uk , even when you are earning 10 times more ( highly doubt it ) . 
  maybe he enjoys cheap ski resorts , 
  please do . 
  wow , really ? 
  that 's the most ridiculous argument i have ever heard . 
  even with this many immigrants the homicide rate there is low . 
  you are just strawmanning now . 
  guess what , [ murders and rapes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_sally_anne_bowman ) happen no matter you have free movement of people or not . 
  did you have to make a case for this guy to the victim 's family ? 
  wow , one murder case speaks for millions of people . 
  your logic is flawless . 
  trow out the britons too , i am sure some of them killed someone . 
  might as well make eu ban all british tourists for creating havoc wherever they go . 
  edit : i used to be really sad when i heard britain is leaving but come to think of it , i would rather get rid of all the hypocrites your society created . 
  so many questions , lol . 
  why the hello message like you are a new member of the continent or something ? 
  why the thread at all ? 
  why goodnight when you wrote it in the morning ? 
  hugs to you too . 
  that 's why i mentioned all 3 criteria . 
  i 've been to istanbul ( drivers there are dicks , honestly , who drives with 70km/h on a narrow street with pederastians on it ) and it looks way more modern than any city bulgaria has ( bar probably sofia ) and i assume people would have a decent living there , because most cars on the street were new , tourism was high and so on . 
  besides , i have no idea how 's life in the asian part of turkey . 
  sure edirne , lulekburgas , istanbul are fine and european , but that 's a small percentage of turkey 's territory but the situation that turkey is in now is far from peaceful and stable . 
  there are coups , terrorist atacks , opposition cleansings , media control and islamification ( you may find it good , but wherever it happens , shit hits the fan really fast ) . 
  that 's what i am aiming at and that 's why i would rather live in a place like poland or slovenia rather than turkey . 
  i really hope this changes after erdogan stops being in power , but i think the damage is already done . 
  hopefully i am wrong , because you guys are our neighbours and the last thing we want is regional instability . 
   ^ slovenia , ^ slovakia , ^ romania , ^ poland , ^ latvia , ^ lithuania , ^ greece , ^ cyprus and ** bulgaria ** . all of them are superpower in the world !!, 
  we are noticed !!!!, 
  honestly , he exaggerated with the best countries in the word , but he did not mean super powers . 
  most of these are viewed as peaceful , stable countries with a good potential for a decent living . 
  out of curiosity , were you discriminated here other than a 14 year old posting random comments on sites ? 
  my observation is that ethnic turks get along pretty well with bulgarians and there are no tensions whatsoever . 
  i feel that it 's kind of harsh comparing the kurd situation in turket with the turk situation in bulgaria . 
  who should take his place once `` the west '' actually intervenes ? 
  realistic options please . 
  not the `` rule by democracy and the people living there '' because that is not on the table now . 
  edit : typical , guy is active a hour in a half after i posted this and is commenting on this very thread but never answered a direct question . 
  have to be fair though . 
  you are reasonable with the immigration system . 
  sure , it 's convinient that a lot of water separate you from the crysis and you can actually pick them and filter them out , but still . 
  people always lose their shit , fact is , it 's stable at the moment . 
   source ? 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2017/04/05/us/undocumented-husband-deported/ there goes your working immigration system . 
   californian secession is a joke , as is any state leaving the us tbf . 
  why ? 
  they think they are better off alone , having a huge state gdp and the only thing holding them back are the states . 
  sounds familiar ? 
   the us is fine . 
  just because people who were bullied at school are protesting about trump pretending it 's an apocalypse , does n't mean it actually is . 
  the us is incompetent on so many levels at the moment . 
  and he did n't even start changing policies . 
  he was close to removing a working health system and replacing it with nothing . 
  he is removing the green sector and opening mines that profit corporation more than anyone else . 
   yale , harvard , you name it , all us based , best in the world . 
  shits all over anything in europe . 
  you can try going applying there dear . 
  fact is you wo n't get accepted and if you do you will be paying debt for the rest of your life . 
  hope your daddy is rich enough to give them annual good will `` donations '' . 
   i do n't see an immigration crisis in the us ? 
  reason trump got elected , mexican great wall , banned african countries , people staying there for 20 years deported . 
   i do n't see states seceding california is discussing it since ages . 
   i see canada , it looks alright there . 
  did you miss usa and the shitshow that it is now ? 
  do you think mexico is good as well ? 
  how did you pick just one country and say the whole continent is stable ?
