   europe \u2260 people that receive money from our government and are granted a residence permit . 
  they are processed , taken care of until their asylum is denied and then , if they ever get deported , you pay for the plane ticket . 
  that itself costs quite a lot . 
  plus more than half of the mentioned nations are not at war anyway . 
  but that 's not the point . 
   pretty rich for someone on the other side of the atlantic that 's assuming too much . 
  as you said , you have no idea from where exactly he comes from . 
  he might have not supported his goverment so he has every right to talk . 
  he was talking about eu , by the way , not netherlands . 
  and some countries in the eu played a major part in the clusterfuck we are now . 
   paying for these countries solves nothing , fair point . 
  ca n't say i fully understand what it can be done to prevent these contries from going down the drain . 
  just think that the money should not be wasted on people abusing the system . 
  am i to understand that you support how your money is spent at the moment ? 
  honestly , he has a point , greek/portugal/italy / spain problem is far more important than spending billions on `` refugees '' from bangladesh . 
  and just wait 10-20 years and see how it backfires again and again . 
  i guess it 's kind of mine business since i am an `` insider '' . 
  and that 's not how you form a discussion . 
  why are you even writing in a public forum if you do not wish to discuss things with foreign people ? 
  not like everyone here is from the netherlands or europe or whoever 's business you think it is . 
  welp , you know it , do n't you ? 
  honestly , they put a show on tv , but it 's not really a secret that they do n't stand behind leftist ideas . 
  and how are they using them ? 
  left leaning guys are just protecting them because that 's what their ideal is : cultures are equal . 
  it all falls apart once that is not true . 
  not a real choice . 
  take your time and read their forum . 
  kind of eye opening . 
  last thread i read they called america terrorist for blowing up a building with isis members inside . 
  isis grouped people inside and planted explosives which were more powerful than the us strike itself ( which iraq requested ) but like 70 % of the people did n't acknowledge it . 
  yet america is still the terrorist . 
  their views are obvious . 
  i feel like this thread is full of the other nut job group and i do not feel like posting here anymore . 
  they vote left because right would pile them up with people they are running from . 
  and no , it 's not , honestly every time someone uses it as an argument it always falls apart . 
  what exactly are they using it for ? 
  just ask them around and they will tell you . 
  it 's no big secret . 
  how come i know these stuff if they are lying to avoid being prosecuted ? 
  do you really think your normal politician with infinite knowledge doesn ; t know what they preach ? 
  i doubt it would lead to wars tbf . 
  people kept saying that after every terrorist act and nothing happens . 
  same cycle every time . 
  eastern urop next big thing after collapse of france , uk and germony after 100 years !, 
  heard it here first , can quote me on it . 
  i think they should just invide the sufi preachers from bosna and albania . 
  hell , even turkish ones would be far better . 
  but the leaders now are not working and are against the country that feeds them . 
  they can deny it all they like , but it 's quite obvious now . 
  edit do n't know where this quote is from , i get my info from the islam ( note that they are quite conservative and open about their belief ) and exmuslim sub . 
  fine with me . 
  lying is a human concept , they are saving their asses when under threat . 
  i find that they are completely honest with what they wish and are not hiding it . 
  if it was advised you would n't be hearing about them being against gay marriage , wanting islamic laws and saying we are immodest and would be rotting in hell . 
  they got invited here despite us knowing that . 
  hell , even the exmuslim forum would be laughting about this idea that they are using taqiyya . 
   taqiyya please do n't use that . 
  say you sence her hypocracy , that she 's a filthy liar or something , but not that word . 
  if one of theirs reads it he will just assume that you have no clue about what you are talking about and totally dismiss your point . 
  it 's a shia concept and even they do n't practise it . 
  what 's to explain ? 
  remember before the walls ? 
  countless of terrorist acts done by hezbollah . 
  you do not invite people that are at war with you and think jews should be destroyed . 
  i am talking about the arabs already there . 
  cypros situation is similar . 
  yep , arabs there are more integrated than kurds in turkey . 
  whatever floats your boat  i heard their minorities are doing well though . 
   i think joining eu is enough . 
   daww , but you cared for them sooo much dude !, 
  do n't you care what they want ? 
  :( you wanted to join the eu just for them , yet you do not support their cause for independence ? 
   so you do n't deny the resemblance between bulgarian and turkish culture . 
  every culture does . 
  some more , some less . 
  for example , i smoke hookah now . 
  an arabic culture , does n't mean we are close tho . 
  i personally see yours closer to arabic , food is close , not eatin pork , alcohol kind of a nono , even tho you are more liberal about it . 
  also the sence of tribalism and shitting on minorities . 
  leaning to a more religious goverment , which applies laws simmliar to theirs and so on . 
  plus your populance is more religious , like theirs . 
  edit : just to be fair , when i was 15 i really thought you are n't far off culturally . 
  same clothing styles , architecture and way of thinking . 
  but right now , i see you guys leaning more and more south . 
  hating the west and russia , nations that we are close to . 
  so i ca n't really say the same right now . 
  and from the actions i see , you do n't really want to be part of the eu either . 
   why ? 
  the only reason i want us to join the eu is so our oppressed minorities can seek better future abroad . 
  well , support the sdf then , they are making a kurdish state , i heard !, 
  good news for you . 
  better start protesting infront of erdogan 's palace tho . 
   cuisine is the same , you are originally from central asia , habits are the same , even your most common words are turkish like haide , evala , etc. 
  first one : kind of and kind of not second : hard to tell with all the mixing in the lands , some did tho . 
  3 : do n't know about that . 
  we are n't really raging and talking loud that much . 
  fourth : well yes , a gift from our glorious ottoman days !, 
  not that many words either tho . 
  i can understand serbian/macedonian/bosnian far better than i understand turkish . 
  most people are like that .
