i find it funny how much of an insult to europeans brexit is seen to be , yet everyone drools at the thought of scotland leaving the uk . 
  bread and circuses, 
  bollards https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yv79mmj3y60, 
   the more this happens the more i rethink moving to europe , which is a real big fucking shame . 
  your country has deadly spiders in toilets, 
  its the result of the referendum . 
  scotland and n ireland leaving would be like 95 % to 5 % . 
  greece and colombia are n't countries whose example britain follows . 
  but then the eu will have to trade by ours too . 
  also the vast majority of companies in the uk are smes who dont do business with the continent , and have no need to follow the same rules and regs , and can change for competitiveness . 
  welcome to the ponzi scheme that is the immigration-led welfare state, 
  yeah its literally impossible to love europe if you arent in the eu, 
  what are you basing that on ? 
  other than bollocks . 
  and this time around , germany does n't even need the schlieffen plan, 
   live in sin with your european lover yeah obviously brexit makes this impossible, 
   we all need to start doing programs like that . 
  not enough time or money for that . 
  teach them maths at school and give them more apprenticeship options with companies . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2ralocq9ue okay , you have your quote . 
  hear it from the damn man himself . 
  haha okay then . 
  he did literally use the word empire , but okay . 
  barosso said it is an empire , do you know more than a former commission president ? 
  continental empires have been done before . 
   the eu project successfully integrated 27 countries and touched the lives of at least 500 million people . 
  interesting and somewhat fanatic take . 
  lol , youre totally ignorant if you think europe is more diverse than india or china, 
  india and china are bigger , whats more inpressive than iss ? 
  hey man , its not my fault you 're an anglophobe . 
  keep your racist anti anglo bigotry to yourself . 
  international space station ? 
  cern ? 
   side-note : anyone here reminded of yugoslavia ? 
  the richer west/north tired of being dragged down by the poorer east/south , central government trying to increase its powers , national powers resisting fang and nail , waaaay too many different interests and opinions , some vague notion of brotherhood that most people are n't buying into ? 
  yep , and just like the soviet union , british empire , mongol empire , roman empire ... history shows that people do n't want large scale centralisation of power . 
  it 's real . 
  ignorance . 
  learn about the gulags and collectivisation and the holodomor itself . 
  the soviets were horrific . 
  poor little frogs, 
  wonder if they 'll make up the shortfall from the uk 's contribution after brexit, 
  if there 's one type of diversity they hate , it 's diversity of opinion . 
  i really ca n't believe the arrogance of the guy you replied to, 
  good job the globe is bigger and wealthier than the eu, 
  stop spreading your ignorant bollocks mate , you dont know anything, 
   i think its pretty clear that pro-brexit is more far right on political spectrum than left . 
  you 're an ignorant finn then . 
  all far left political groups supported brexit , commies and anarchists . 
  dont get all your news about a foreign country from the guardian and independent . 
  barclays and hsbc have said their global hubs will remain in britain . 
  only skeleton crews going to ireland . 
  why do you think the commission and goldman sachs have a revolving door ? 
  aka the economic strategy of the eu, 
  going for the hattrick, 
  the fuck , denmark ? 
  ah phlegmatic like the temperament . 
  i thought you meant spit . 
  why phlegm ? 
  brexit was a foregone conclusion when you look at history . 
   a 100 years later europe was at war all britain 's fault , isnt it ? 
  what a place, 
  now the right wing nationalism is racist meme can die right ? 
  yes it is . 
  you talked about self determination . 
  gibs want the uk , not spain . 
  they arent spanish , they dont want spain , they are british because they used self determination to decide that . 
  its the spaniards who are trapped, 
  ignorant nonce . 
  gibraltarians made a more british town than any group of mainlanders . 
   you 're always welcome in spain , gibraltar they dont want to but i dont know why a nordic would think they know any better, 
  because you 're ideologically blinkered to not accept any argument that opposes your way of thinking . 
  bbc 's horizon documentaries are widely seen to have gotten laughably bad over the years at least . 
  paying to be ` educated ' by the mainstream media ? 
  wow , okay . 
  you could think for yourself instead . 
  it 's free . 
  yeah i ca n't imagine mexico or south africa are better than the uk or those two . 
  at least european governments can control all their territory . 
  britain is already leaving . 
  it 's happening now . 
  that 's all eu countries . 
  and there 's 45 policy areas . 
   cause it 's sounding a teeny bit like a pyramid or ponzi scheme it sure does, 
  i jerk off to nelson, 
  took the bait , could n't offer up a rebuttal , resorts to the petty response . 
  nicely done, 
  i know the winners of war write history but i wouldnt rank your french version along with the winners, 
  i do n't recall britain capitulating and becoming a nazi vassal, 
  you 're welcome , say my country 's ww2 veterans, 
  i 'm sorry but you 're mistaken . 
  i never said it had already happened . 
  silly assumption of you to make . 
  the eu has been stoking european continentalism for decades to break up the european nation state, 
  posted on the american/british/swiss internet/www on a chinese made computer built from rare earth metals from africa . 
  northern ireland at most tbf, 
  good job its not the eus choice to unite ireland, 
  being a military superpower means having the ability to engage in unhindered military operations by land , sea and air in all regions of the world , germany was definitely and still is the regional great power , but has never had the reach necessary for superpower status . 
  they spawned modern western liberal democracy and the industrial revolution, 
  your nation 's citizenship is at least 500m in size , and i think irish citizenship is available to blood descendants isnt it ?
