  i 'm not bashing protests against government but protests that promote democracy because it 's good , but only if they win . 
  democracy itself is not a solution but it can very well be naturally occurring thing in a well-fairing society . 
  they are allowed to do whatever they want that 's not prohibited by a constitution . 
  it is however also in their power to change that constitution . 
  or even changing the rules for changing rules in the constitution . 
  the reasons for not doing those things have nothing to do with democracy itself . 
  it is instead the society , the collective reason , that is keeping those things in check . 
  the claim that democracy in itself is the basis for a good society is nothing but a deceptive lie . 
  the elections were democratic . 
  no buts ; it does n't get better than that . 
  so why promote , glorify and blindly trust a system that lets other , ignorant , people decide whats best for you ? 
  also remember that half of the population is even dumber than the average . 
   i agree completely . 
   this government is still fucking terrible though . 
  i 've never hated any other government as much as this one . 
  these are also the biggest protests that i have seen in my lifetime . 
  welcome to the dark side of this glorious system . 
  repression of the lesser half is the definition of democracy . 
  always was , always will be ... 
  not really insulting , just a subtle prejudicial bashing of the pop-culture of eastern europe . 
  and by all means welcome !, 
  you 're romanian , of course you like it . 
  source : working with lots guys from former eastern block . 
  incapacity-related benefits ( sjukers\u00e4ttning ) is included in the example from cornucopias blog . 
  healthcare is n't . 
  so yes , the initial number does indeed seem to be within reason . 
  when i first encountered the idea of basic income my reaction was similar to yours ( it seemed `` stupid '' ) but at least in my mind the thought of it is now ... interesting . 
  basic income would not be within county councils responsibilities . 
  it would be a centralized , and almost automated , government system replacing many of the state , county and municipalities current responsibilities . 
  as i said in my first post : for this system to work we need to abolish and replace , not combine . 
  and of course it 's not going to change anytime soon , hence the added `` in theory '' in my original post . 
  in that society there would be no minimum wage . 
  there would only be the basic income as the minimum . 
  most people would n't be satisfied with that . 
  heck , most people would even pay a quite large part of their pay to ensure having more money than that if they lose their job . 
  this would be done privately since the government unemployment ` fund ' would be abolished . 
  you are missing the strong incentive ~ ~ many people have ~ ~ of having a bit more resources . 
  i 'm not saying tax revenues are optimum , neither am i advocating a place at the top of the laffer curve ( a curve depending on an innumerable amount of parameters ) . 
  to answer your question we can have a look at a couple of citizens and see how this could possibly affect them : * unemployed citizen - former non-member of unemployment fund . 
  this guy only gets the basic income . 
  he would probably receive more than he would today but he also does n't get any extras and does n't cost any extra for the state . 
  no paperwork , no government employees . 
  * working citizen - former member of unemployment fund . 
  would put a considerable amount of his pay/basic income into private insurance or investments of their choosing to ensure a certain minimum standard of living of his choice in case of unemployment . 
  part of the goal of this system would be to shrink the size and cost of the state . 
  it would mean letting tens of thousands of government employees go ; making them available for the private sector . 
  edit : clarification, 
   [ ... ] our ( rural ) local councils already today having problem financing their mandated tasks [ ... ] so despite being the second most taxed country in the world we have problems financing mandated tasks you say ? 
  yes , i argue for a ** different ** system . 
  i 'm not saying basic income is the way to go but in theory it would be one possibility . 
  the monthly basic income would not be a fixed sum but relative to the government tax income . 
  the $ 1036/m is what we could do with current tax incomes and abolishment of quite a few government institutions . 
  if lots of people would n't work then the basic income would be lower for the next month/period/year and the incentive to work would increase ; eventually automatically reaching an equilibrium . 
  the downside of the kind of basic income i am for is that it lets people take full responsibility for their social insurance once the money is in their hands . 
  i see this as a good thing . 
  socialist europe , however , does not . 
  the people from bien are unfortunately a bunch of leftist keynesian followers . 
  milton friedman was not a stranger to the thought of basic income but `` his '' implementation of it differs vastly from this initiative . 
  you are right on the two first parts . 
  in sweden however we already have extreme taxation on both income , consumption , luxury , pollution and finance so we could possibly transform our present system without touching the total tax rate . 
  i 'll quote an old comment posted by myself :  being from sweden i definitely back this idea ( in theory ) . 
  it would be financed primarily by distributing welfare `` fair '' instead of being based of solidarity ; but also by deregulating obscure laws and regulations and shutting down government institutions . 
   swedish economy blogger cornucopia did some rough estimates of how such a system would work in sweden . 
  google translate from his blogpost : http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=sv&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fcornucopia.cornubot.se%2f2012%2f11%2fmedborgarlon-en-alternativ.html ( the word `` citizen '' is googles translation of `` citizen income '' - medborgarl\u00f6n ... )  according to those calculations every person of legal age living in sweden ( even non citizens ) would get $ 1036 per month , doing nothing , without raising taxes . 
  so for sweden i definitely think this would be a total win compared to the current state . 
   edit : the biggest problem would probably be liberals making sure we end up with even higher taxes by combining the existing system with basic income instead of abolishing the former ... 
  of course !, 
  i fully support that option . 
  edit : hmm , i believe i personally would re-word that into : `` let the separatists separate . '', 
  the number of upvotes on these posts makes me question that people realize it 's satire ... ( edit : or more precisely the lack of downvotes . ), 
  it 's really simple : the difference between `` our '' terror and `` their '' terror is that we could easily choose not to have the problem of `` their '' terror . 
  separatist groups are one thing , imported radicalism a completely different one . 
  ~ ~ because they all have the same `` message , and cultural importance '' and the `` actions of some of its followers '' are the same ? 
  did you even read his reasons for identifying himself as an islamophobic ? 
  he definitely did n't state that he is islamophobic because he is against abrahamic religions . ~ ~ edit : thank you for editing your comment into a sensible ( though totally irrelevant ) question instead of the bs you tried at first . 
  your train of thought seem to be the standard : mentioning of nationalism -  dead jews and hitler . 
  very unfortunate . 
  nationalistic socialism was pretty much the base for the welfare states that are the nordic countries . 
  is this a provocative statement ? 
  sure as hell it is and i hope to provoke at least one person to think a little bit deeper about it . 
  * the base of the folkhem vision is that the entire society ought to be like a small family , where everybody contributes . 
  the swedish social democrats ' successes in the postwar period is often explained by the fact that the party managed to motivate major social reforms with the idea of the folkhem and the national family 's joint endeavor . 
  altruistic actions ( paid for with other peoples money ) from the left-wing combined with abolishment of the welfare state ( by thrashing the state budget ) by the `` conservative '' - right and the non-rational belief of a working welfare state together with financial `` refugees '' of the liberals . 
  two routes to take : nationalistic socialism or libertarian . 
  unfortunately swedes wo n't be ready to choose the libertarian route for quite a few years ... 
  does n't matter if he said islamist or muslim since neither would have been racist . 
  can very well be islamophobic but that 's a completely different thing . . 
  mediterranean europe ( minus france ) : brazil rest of european union members ( plus norway and switzerland ) : usa non-member states : russia ambiguous exceptions to those groups : latvia , lithuania , bulgaria and romania are probably closer to russia but with a young generation that identifies more with usa . 
  [ wrong , we do have one thing on you guys . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjxu2ey6td4 ), 
  did n't think i would be upvoting a miner in a thatcher-thread . 
   * sometimes referred to as `` the swedish middle way '' , folkhemmet was viewed as midway between capitalism and socialism . 
  the base of the folkhem vision is that the entire society ought to be like a small family , where everybody contributes . 
  * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/folkhemmet the scandinavian model is based on a homogenous and hard working people . 
  it was in fact not much unlike national socialism at all at the time it still brought us wealth . 
  no problem for a swede or dane to get welcomed as a grunt in norway but i would imagine it being a bit tricky for a portuguese guy . 
  ( primarily because of , but maybe not limited to , the language barrier ) edit : but / r/norway might definitely provide some help !, 
  first off you need the * basic offshore safety induction and emergency training with huet and ebs * ( or equivalent required by the sector/company ) . 
  however impressive your cv is , it 's very unlikely the company will hire a guy without one ( exceptions would/might be competent engineers and such ) . 
  even though some jobs offshore could seem like grunt-jobs , pretty much all of these also require certifications and trade skills .
