it 's impossible to even speculate numbers without first defining what an extremist is . 
  my first post is a logical conclusion based on the article . 
  the article points out salafi as extremist but fails to mention for example wahabi , which is equally extreme . 
  these , and other , smaller groups of muslim offspring are not the only extremists though . 
  isis and al qaeda are both sunni oriented organizations ( sunni being the biggest muslim faction ) . 
  i would say the number of extremists in germany far surpasses the mentioned 6300 . 
  no , people in this thread picks up an umbrella-handle saying `` this is a pretty nice umbrella '' . 
  i 'm the one pointing out how fucked up it is to sell handles to people who thinks it would be helpful in the rain . 
  on the other hand , yeah you are right , i should n't give a crap about how gullible people are ... except that we live in a democracy where these people also have the right to vote . 
  read the responses and realize how much misunderstanding there is . 
  the post itself is genuinely useless without the context . 
  it 's pretty much like saying farmer a was 3 cucumbers short of his expected harvest while farmer b had 50 more cucumbers than expected . 
  does n't say shit about how farmer a and b are doing or how this would affect anything . 
  the bullshit lies in a misleading post resulting in comments like : `` oh man , i ca n't even imagine the stuff i can do with my 5 cents ! '', 
  this is fucking bullshit . 
  all this shows is balance accounting and it has nothing to do with eu-fees or how much each citizen in each country pays for membership or anything like that . 
  even the source document is a clusterfuck of desinformation ; mixing different currencies in the same table . 
  oh , you mean those small countries like ussr , austrian empire or yugoslavia ? 
  we can go on through history to , and preceding , the roman empire if you want . 
  countries merge ( by force , trade or in other ways ) and subsequently collapse and i see no reason this time should be any different from every single time we tried it before . 
  i believe we should embrace the fact that we are allowed to bloom independently . 
  yes . 
  no , i am more inclined to think that it is up to the different nations to decide on such policies . 
  i am even more inclined to think that governments have no authority over such policies . 
  ( hint : i have libertarian values ), 
  i voted no to all since i see no reason to involve the eu in any of them . 
  the only question i might lean to undecided would be the fishing quotas but , after seeing how utterly useless the eu is at handling that question , i 'd rather see it solved with trade-sanctions and - negotiations between countries . 
   voting ukip in the ep will probably only weaken the ep . 
  i do hope so . 
  highest match with any political group : 60 % my future in not in this union . 
  i probably will and i expect sweden will have representation in efd after the elections . 
  edit : unfortunately it most likely wo n't add any intellectual capacity to the group but a seat is a seat . 
  unfortunately i ca n't vote for nigel farage . 
  nope , it 's more of a technicality . 
  if you hold dual citizenship 's , one could easily be removed . 
  the first four rules - the ones about producing correct news reports - are , combined with rule # 13 , the interesting ones in this case . 
  together they both encourage and demand versatile and unbiased journalism . 
  it was well known from the start that the ones who were stabbed were the neo-nazis . 
  an unbiased journalist would have used that information . 
  yeah , after one full week of instigating hatred against the neo-nazis responsible for the knife attacks , and all other `` racists '' like the sweden democrats , the newspapers find it appropriate to release the full story ... 
  it was known since immediately after the stabbings ( last sunday ) but not covered in media until yesterday . 
  no swedish news-media where honest with their initial headlines and many had headlines like the one / u/likferd stated . 
  makes a bit more sense now ;d, 
   sorry my friend it seems that my i replay to you was not written in the bestmanner . 
  apology accepted . 
   but i have two questions for you if you would like to answer . 
  why should the state register your gender ? 
  any other than medical ( solution : could be handled by healthcare providers independent of government registration ) and passport ( why is registration still necessary for people not claiming passport ) ? 
  why would anyone care what the state registers as gender ? 
  ( gender discrimination is illegal , gay marriage and adoptions allowed . 
  there are very few things that are in any way limited because of gender in the swedish society . ), 
   in all records that i have read they always used the synonymous of compulsory from wikipedia to this very article when talked about the sterilizationfor a verity of reasons of people . 
  you seem to ignore what i wrote ( about the law abolished in 2011 ) : sterilization for transsexuals was not compulsory [ edit : at least since the 70s or whatever ] . 
  you could however not still be a man if you wanted to be registered by the state as a female . 
  and what are your thoughts on the government registering gender at all ? 
   male female is defined by the type of gentile in biology . 
  please stop lying and trying to distort facts . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sex http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sex-determination_system http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gender  i actually get my knowledge on the subject from this knowledge ? 
  the high horse was about your moral code . 
  please try to at least read what i wrote . 
   i 'm pretty sure some new generations are into that , ( i think i read about 1990s remark about it ) wat ? 
  please clarify what you mean by this statement . 
  that people should feel responsible for the sins of their ancestors ? 
   compulsory sterilization was in line ? 
  there was nothing compulsory about it , you were free to be whoever and however you wanted . 
  the law was about what gender the state had you registered as and as long as a transsexual still has means to reproduce as for example a male , s/he is in every biological sense still male . 
  this was the base for the old law , which in every sense was reasonable . 
  i can however understand a reasoning that the state should in no way register a gender !, 
  this would be consistent with the thoughts i presume you have about this issue . 
   morals [ ... ] sterilizations [ ... ] the 70s your moral code is in no way universal , or even right . 
  they are simply your morals , no more nor less . 
  climb down from that high horse and i might be interested to discuss the eugenics program ( it is completely unrelated to this post but it is an interesting subject ) . 
  btw , the policymakers are since long either retired or dead . 
  it 's over 40 years ago since it ended and inherited guilt is laughable . 
  the first two points she addressed herself : kosher slaughter and cutting small children are not in line with ' * swedish * ' morals ( edit : as per consensus derived from the politicians we democratically elect . 
  trying hard to not make a generalizing claim here ) . 
  as for the rest of the issues it has plenty to do with muslim immigrants acting out against jews , especially in malm\u00f6 , and very little to do with national socialists . 
  it all depends on the lens you choose to view it through . 
  with antiauthoritarian ( libertarian ) eyes the eu has indeed become an abomination but ofc i recognize the fact that some people weigh the factors in a different way , 
  yes , mr socialist , and your point is ? 
  edit : 100k is in no way extreme . 
  tell that to cyprus ... everyone in the eurozone with over 100k in savings should indeed be wary . 
  hell , even swedish citizens are at risk here after our governments promises to the imf and euro-countries . 
   do you think that the eu needs to be redesigned and simplified ? 
  the eu need to be put down like the mad dog it is . 
  edit : and grow something new on the ashes ... 
  i 'm in no way against joining people or open trading . 
  in fact quite the opposite . 
   why should life be a lottery where the people who are born into a well established welfare system enjoy all the good things in life and not share with anyone ? 
  because it is n't . 
  our society is what we inherited from our ( hard working ) ancestors . 
  i 'd like to do the same for my children ...  why cant we help people get a better life with the resources we have ? 
  who is stopping you ? 
  / r/worldnews would be a better place for this post . 
  still upvoted due to the effects the syrian civil war might have on europe . 
  edit : oh yeah , turkey ... lawl, 
  voted yes based on the conceptual idea of moving the power closer to the people as opposed to moving it further away . 
  in line with this idea i also voted a 1 ( do not agree with ) on the question of further integration of the eu-project . 
  i was surprised by how seemingly contradicting the majority of answers was on those two questions . 
  yes .
