  i would love to see america bulldoze our overseas bases and reinvest that money and manpower back here . 
  it 's not a ritual , they just do that for fun !, 
  when i went to spain , i was surprised at the number of separatist movements . 
  granted , i was only in the north part of the country , so i did n't hear much about the catalan movement . 
  but it seems like very few people in spain want to be spanish . 
  of course we are , but to say that all americans see europe as one country is ridiculous . 
  do you really think that all americans think and act the same ? 
  or is it just easier to stereotype ? 
  says americans generalize europe , by generalizing americans ... 
  there are people who have lived in new york their whole lives who have never been to the statue of liberty , to give a little perspective . 
  it is impossible to see all that country has to offer , let alone an entire continent . 
  even if you were insanely wealthy and had all the time in the world , you could n't do it . 
  the best you can do is make the most out of the time and money you have . 
  let 's say you have 2 weeks and want to go to belgium . 
  take some time to learn what the major attractions are in the belgium . 
  and find out about some of the not-so-famous places too , that are n't in a guidebook . 
  then go there and spend those two weeks just having a good time . 
  then next year or whenever , you decide you want to go to germany , or norway , or italy , or ireland , or wherever . 
  that 's the best you can do . 
  vatican city is the only country with an elected monarch . 
  i 've never been in a place , in america or another country , where those buttons seemed to actually work . 
  i think they just give bored pedestrians something to do !, 
  i grew up in a town similar to yours in size . 
  we had all those things you mentioned . 
  ( well , not a soccer club , but there were plenty of sports for students and recreational sports for adults , like softball for example . ), 
  there were several different bands and singing groups in my town . 
  no big name stars or anything , but you could find rock bands to play dances , polka bands , brass groups , etc. 
  many of the groups played ethnic music , passed down from their parents and grandparents . 
  you might have a polka band doing german music , a norwegian group that played norwegian songs , etc. 
  we had an all-volunteer fire department . 
  we were n't a big enough town to have full-time , paid fire fighters . 
  there was political stuff in our town . 
  we had a city council , and county commission . 
  but these were part-time , non-partisan positions . 
  on the city council , you might have a teacher , a business owner , a construction worker , a housewife , etc. 
  even the mayor of our town was a part-time job . 
  at one point , the owner of one of the bars in town was mayor . 
  we had chapters of girls and boy scouts in my town . 
  also , a lot of the churches had youth groups . 
  in my town , everyone knew everyone too , for good and bad . 
  i read an article once that small-town america was the worst place to go if you were on the run from the law or the mob , because everyone is so nosy , they want to know everything about the new person in town !, 
  in the same manner than some europeans get upset and americans who do a week-long `` tour '' of europe and think they have seen the whole continent , i feel the same about people who come to america and only go to new york or los angeles and think they have seen all that america has to offer !, 
  it 's nice to see someone who knows that it not the case !, 
  my impression is that non-parisians wish it was far from france !, 
  wait , you 're not supposed to do that stuff ? 
  * cancels tour of ireland and finland *, 
  i ca n't believe that stupid conspiracy theory still gets dragged out , even as a joke . 
  there are no reptilian shapeshifters !, 
  i mean , the idea is just ludicrous !, 
  we use holographic projections to disguise ourselves . 
  some receivers might use gloves , but they are very thin . 
  they might have a small bit of padding , but they are mostly used to grip the ball . 
  playing catch with a football . 
  or passing in basketball . 
  most of our sports involve some sort of throwing and catching . 
  nasty . 
  i hate onions . 
  we do n't have a problem using the word toilet , we just call it the bathroom . 
  i love french people . 
  you 're all so french !, 
  i knew about siesta when i went to spain , but i figured it was something that happened in small towns and rural areas , not in the cities . 
  so i was quite surprised when all the shops closed down in pamplona in the middle of the afternoon . 
  indeed . 
  nascar was born from moonshiners and bootleggers who would soup up their cars to haul illegal booze . 
  they would buy regular sedans so they would n't draw attention from the law , but they 'd drop powerful engines in them so they could out-run the cops if they got caught . 
  these guys would get together and have races on the weekend to see who had the best car . 
  most of the early nascar drivers were former bootleggers . 
  nascar does have a couple of road courses as well . 
  interesting to watch if you get the chance . 
  watch that glen campbell documentary . 
  even if you 've never heard of him or do n't like country music , it 's very good . 
  funny , the eu said the same thing about you !, 
  haha !, 
  i was having a conversation with a french woman and she said something and followed it up with , `` that was very arrogant of me to say , but it 's okay , i 'm french . 
  i can be arrogant ! '', 
  the idea is that if you sweat more , you 'll lost more water weight . 
  no , it says something about you , because throwing the baby out with the bathwater is a very common phrase in america . 
  nothing ? 
  not a single thing in any walmart store anywhere is a quality product ? 
  it 's not walmart making the cheese , they are just selling it . 
  not necessarily . 
  civil rights may fall under the umbrella of `` human rights '' but they are mostly related to the political or `` civil '' process of a country . 
  for example , eu citizens have the right to move and work within the eu . 
  as an american citizen , i do not have that right . 
  i could have the right through various means , getting a visa , becoming a citizen , etc , but it 's not automatically given to me . 
  another example of a civil right that is not a human right is voting . 
  as an american , i have no voting rights in ireland . 
  again , i could be given these these rights , but they are not automatic . 
  in the states we would say `` homey . '', 
  not to be confused with `` homie , '' which means something entirely different . 
  good cheeses are not hard to find . 
  any walmart/target/big grocery store will have a cheese section . 
  mils are also used a lot in local taxes . 
  i wish there was an active `` ask russia '' sub . 
  we do love acronyms !, 
  but sometimes we even forget what they stand for . 
  you 'll hear a lot of people say , `` atm machine '' which is redundant because atm stands for automatic teller machine . 
  same thing happens with pin . 
  people will say `` pin number '' when it stands for personal identification number . '', 
  do the children have to pay tax as well when they inherit money ?
