  fantastic kitty . 
  outstanding socks . 
  boopable booper . 
   ritschert that looks pretty good . 
  as an american , i want to say that half the things you say you 'd miss are my reasons for having the us disappear . 
  the suburban is built on the same frame as a full-sized chevy pickup . 
  if you could only see the front half , you would n't be able to tell the difference . 
  i think the photo is just at weird angle . 
  til some of the biggest and most powerful countries in the world run their finances the same way i dodge bill collectors ... 
  that 's okay , i have the good spaniards on my side . 
  onions are nasty and do n't belong in a tortilla . 
   a good start would be to help with the funding of nato . 
  wtf ? 
  i 'm assuming there are meetings of nato countries right ? 
  does n't this get brought up ? 
  `` umm , say canada , i was just going over the books and it looks like you are n't even halfway to your agreed military spending ? 
  what gives ? '', 
   minnesota is ful of people with nordic ancestry , and that 's about it for stereotypes i have . 
  i do however know some other fun facts . 
  my favorite polandball comic . 
  perfectly sums up my ancestors who came to minnesota !, 
  mass-uh-chew-sets . 
  that looks like a glorious shitter . 
  i 'd take it for a spin . 
   no european manufacturer sells semi truck in the us as your trucks and our trucks are vastly different , it 's not just merc . 
  not exactly true . 
  volvo has a long history of semis here in the states . 
  this . 
  when gm got their bailout , the government said they needed to get rid of every car division except chevy and cadillac . 
  that 's why there 's no more pontiac , saturn , etc. 
  i forget how exactly they save the gmc line , but they managed to convince the government that they needed to keep buick because of all the business they were doing in china . 
  manual transmission ? 
  i 'm not going to be shifting gears like some fucking caveman . 
  i suppose you also long for the days of crank starters too . 
  jerky often brought up in threads like these as being uncommon and expensive in europe . 
  it 's expensive in the states too . 
  i started making my own a few years ago and have n't bothered with store bought since then . 
  here 's a link to a basic recipe for anyone that might be interested . 
  it 's surprising easy to do !, 
  i think this is a really good idea . 
  i also think it would help to demystify guns somewhat . 
  i walked the camino , the french way , from st. jean pied de port to santiago , all in one go . 
  35 days . 
  the only town people back home have heard of is pamplona , and that 's just because of the bulls and hemingway . 
  when i tell people where i was in spain , they usually say , `` oh , you should have went to madrid or barcelona , '' or some other city or place , away from the north . 
  i tell them they should have gone to burgos or ponferrada , or any of the other cities along the way , or even the dozens and dozens of small little towns , of which there are too many to list and too many to pick a favorite . 
  although if i had it , it would be valcarlos . 
  oh , to be in valcarlos again !, 
  sitting outside and taking in that beautiful view !, 
  i loved northern spain . 
  it feels like you ca n't take a step without running into history , a magnificent work of architecture , or a breathtaking landscape . 
  the thought of going back is the only thing that gets me through the day anymore . 
  germans are already called `` dutch '' in the states and have been for years . 
  the amish , aka , pennsylvania dutch ... they are n't from the netherlands . 
  also , almost anytime you see someone with the nickname `` dutch '' in an old movie , it 's a reference to german heritage , the same way they 'd call an irishman `` mick . '', 
  it was so cool to see all the everyday cars that we do n't have in the states !, 
  who in the hell eats that ??? 
  if it does not have a hole , it 's not a doughnut !, 
  one thing i loved about my time in spain was getting to see all those goofy cars from top gear , like the fiat multipla and the dacia sandero !, 
  i was hoping to learn something new . 
  pray does mean to ask though , at least in english . 
  in the 19th century , the american army imported camels to train a cavalry corps for desert warfare in the american southwest . 
  the experiment ended when the civil war started . 
  it 's a bit of an urban legend , but some people claim to see camels wandering the desert , even today . 
  there is a joke that my home state of north dakota does n't exist . 
  or was traded to canada sometime in the 1960 's for a case of beer and half a pack of cigarettes . 
  is there a difference between scalloped potatoes and potatoes au gratin ? 
  how easy is it to buy a car in one country and bring it to another in europe ? 
  if you go buy a car in germany , do you just have to register it in poland , or are there additional taxes and fees on it ? 
  i am losing my health insurance because of obamacare . 
  the insurance company is pulling the plan i had and replacing it with something even worse that costs twice as much . 
  obamacare was a shitty deal from the get-go and does need to be eliminated and replaced . 
  that does n't mean that all the changes made are going away . 
  trump himself said that there are some good ideas in it , but as a whole , it needs to be gone . 
  for the most part , john henry fits in with the likes of paul bunyan and pecos bill and other `` tall tales . '', 
  there is some basis supposed accounts that a man named john henry really did die after out-performing a steam drill , but most of the details need to be taken with a big grain of salt . 
  daniel boone , johnny appleseed , and davey crockett on the other hand were real historical figures , although some of their exploits are greatly exaggerated . 
  i saw that too . 
  that 's why you leave them on your step , to light the way for trick-or-treaters . 
  then some drunk teenagers smash your hard work later that night . 
  hospital de \u00d3rbigo in leon , spain has something you might be interested in . 
  i agree . 
  a lot of folks like to say that america took stuff from other countries and bastardized it , when actually it was immigrants from those countries who brought their food over , used the local ingredients and experimented to create new versions . 
  american top gear was better than uk top gear after clarkson and co. left . 
  `` trick or treat , smell my feet , give me something good to eat !, 
  if you do n't , i do n't care !, 
  so stick it down your underwear ! '', 
  i believe that 's because pumpkins are native to north america , and ripen in the fall . 
  besides , turnip lantern ? 
  i mean , sure , you can have a little brown piece of crap and stick a candle in it , or you can have a huge , glorious , colorful pumpkin !, 
  besides , you can roast the pumpkin seeds !, 
  they are n't renaming budweiser `` america . '', 
  it was just a limited edition can . 
  it matters !, 
  make whatever country you 're in great again !, 
  nutella tastes like dog shit . 
  i do n't like rice in general and the smell of paella makes my stomach turn . 
  i think offended most of northern spain in my time there . 
  yes , too bad you do n't discover how much is too much until it 's too late !, 
  there !,
