  i do n't know much about serbia , but i did watch a film they made . 
  strange culture over there ... 
  tens of thousands of dollars expensive . 
  you could buy an arsenal of semi-auto semi auto ar-15 's before you approached the cost of a full auto m-16 . 
  i thought dollar had spanish roots ? 
  sorry , i wo n't post here anymore . 
  i just want to say i 'm grateful that english does n't really have the formal and casual pronouns . 
  so , easter is basically some sort of s&m wet t-shirt contest ? 
  sounds fun !, 
  must me all those australian speakers . 
  they 're mad they are only number 3 . 
  english is the best european language . 
  american is the best non-european language . 
  it wad the 6th grade geography bee . 
  i was in the finals . 
  i forget the exact question , but one of the hints was that it was a mediterranean country . 
  i guessed italy . 
  the answer was fucking tunisia ... so no , screw african countries that claim to be mediterranean ... 
  still bitter , decades later ... 
  while paul bunyan and the like are folklore , they fit into their own category , known as tall tales . 
  the comparison might offend some spaniards , but the meseta region reminded me a lot of north dakota . 
  mostly flat farmland and small towns , interrupted by the occasional city . 
  folks would meet at the local bar to watch futbol , the same way folks back home would meet to watch football . 
  it was probably my favorite part of the whole trip . 
  my grandparents had a phone almost exactly like that . 
  a few years ago , america was playing england and a bunch of people from scotland made a video with the american national anthem playing while they saluted the american flag !, 
  wait , are we talking about testing dna to determine ancestry , as in , `` oh , look at that , i 'm 40 % mongolian ! '', 
  or dna tests to determine paternity , as in , `` i 've never seen this woman before in my life !, 
  there 's no way i 'm the father ! '', 
  if you get the chance , hit up a taco john 's over taco bell . 
  it 's the same basic concept , mexican fast food , but it 's much better quality . 
  do n't bother buying it , make it !, 
  http://foodwishes.blogspot.com/2015/02/homemade-beef-jerky-real-convenient.html jerky is very easy to make and it tastes much better than anything you can buy in the store . 
  the above link is a basic technique to get you started . 
   people that make wine wine maker . 
  or vintner if you wanted to snooty about it , which , being french , i assume you do . 
  no , that 's not what a republic is . 
  `` reorder at will . '', 
  that 's a pretty bad ass way of saying all you can eat . 
  i want to take that walk myself some day, 
  what area ? 
  in french class , our teacher called it the `` bleu blanc rouge '', 
  that was my thought . 
  if you 're there already , you might as well see it . 
  i do n't speak but a handful of words of spanish , but in the u.s. , when you hear spanish , it 's mexican spanish . 
  ( for the most part anyway . ), 
  when i was in spain , i could definitely tell that there was a difference . 
  for example , `` gracias '' is pronounced gra-thee-us in spain , but in mexico , they would say `` gra-see-us . '', 
  also , if castilian spanish is an ak-47 , then mexican spanish is a mini-gun . 
  we met some folks from mexico , and all the non-native spanish speakers , who had learned castilian spanish , said they spoke too fast for them to understand . 
  here too . 
  but everyone has brands they love and brands they hate . 
  and i could see some mercedes owner talking shit about bmw !, 
  to say `` bm '' in english refers to a `` bowel movement . '', 
  i thought it might be a way of saying bmw 's are shit . 
  does bm have the same connotation in french as it does in english ? 
  wait , when you say snus , you mean chewing tobacco right ? 
  the eu banned chew ? 
  wtf ? 
  yes , bacon and mashed peas . 
  i head-butted a girl once doing this . 
  constantly . 
  saw a co-working at the grocery store the other day . 
  him : hey , how 's it going ? 
  me : oh , not much . 
  mind is literally blown right now . 
  or , buy $ 500,000 worth of property in spain and get residency through the golden visa program . 
  that , and not being in europe might also be a hindrance . 
   does n't `` pronto '' mean `` hurry up '' , `` move it '' ? 
  in english , yes . 
  `` i want that done , pronto ! '', 
  meaning right the frick now . 
  i knew they could talk , but i did n't know parrots could answer the phone too . 
  funny , i 've always meant to ask this question . 
  i 've always been curious about poland 's hat . 
  i see what you 're doing there ... 
  if you 're interested in jefferson , i recommend the jefferson hour . 
  you can listen to it here . 
  but / u/arvinadystopia said genders are '' essentially arbitrary . '', 
  i do n't know if he does a podcast , but rick steves has done shows for pbs and npr . 
  football used to be much , much more violent . 
  in the early 20th century , you could count on several deaths a year . 
  theodore roosevelt , the president at the time , even considered banning the game . 
  roosevelt by the way , was no sissy . 
  he loved wrestling , boxing , hunting , anything that involved violence and athleticism . 
  but even he saw how dangerous football was . 
  that led to a lot of reforms of the rules . 
  certain types of plays were banned . 
  more penalties were instituted . 
  safety gear was developed and made mandatory . 
  no , we call them new potatoes too . 
  not knowing how to pronounce the words . 
  we call them bismarcks . 
  i mentioned this before , but seeing a real life dacia sandero was one of the highlights of my life . 
  leave him alone . 
  you 'd be mad too if you can not into space . 
  i have dreams one day going to norway . 
  i tried to learn some norwegian but the only thing i can recall is `` takk scall du har . '', 
  ( excuse my spelling , these were audio lessons . ), 
   hentai subaru and i 'm dead .
