  i have a question about these inheritance laws . 
  does the money go directly to the children or does it go to the surviving spouse first ? 
  i was not prepared for how much i loved sopa de ajo . 
  it was just ... perfection . 
  the various recipes i 've tried and my own attempts to make it have come up short though . 
  i ca n't wait to get back to spain and have it again !, 
  does n't puerto rico compete separately from the us in some things ? 
  if you work outside in the cold , carhartt work clothes are amazing . 
  they are not cheap , but they are worth every penny . 
  red wing is mostly known for work boots , but they also make casual shoes and they market hiking boots under the vasque brand . 
  in grade school , we played brannball and it was awesome . 
  organized chaos !, 
  i 've seen a few people mention p\u00e9tanque , it looks similar to bocce ball , only in bocce ball , the target ball is a little bigger than a golf ball and the throwing balls are about the size of a grapefruit . 
  i tried to explain this a little bit in my question , but i did n't literally mean games that must be played in a backyard , but games you play with minimal outdoor space , like at a park or beach or something . 
  looks awesome !, 
  that certainly sounds like burnout . 
  i think in the states we might classify that as depression , or possibly some sort of anxiety disorder . 
  i 'm guessing that when you talk about burnout from work , it 's much more severe than what we call burnout . 
  what we consider burnout usually does n't require a mental hospital , just a nice hotel somewhere warm !, 
  medication is required though , in the form of beer , liquor , or wine . 
  although some people like to use `` herbal '' remedies !, 
  could you explain what burnout is ? 
  in the us , we say someone is `` burnt-out , '' but it usually just means they are in need if a break from work and a relaxing vacation . 
  a severe case of `` burn-out '' in the us means that someone finds life stressful and it might require them to take a less demanding job . 
  or maybe a college student has too heavy of a class load and they need to drop a course or two . 
  in spain i saw a few locals wearing baseball caps . 
  i remember a mets cap and a detroit lions cap , the rest were either solid colors with no logos , or had logos i did n't recognize . 
  a french girl asked me about my cap and wanted to know if it was `` authentic . '', 
  she said that if you are going to wear a baseball hat in france , it needs to be an authentic hat from a major league team . 
  she said you can tell by the stitching on the bill . 
  i think she said if it has 8 rows of stitches , that means it 's authentic . 
  i had never heard of this before . 
  while my hat was from a major league team , it was not the exact same hat the twins wear on the field , those can cost around $ 40 or more . 
  mine was just a replica . 
  i should point out that my french friend thought the whole notion of `` authentic '' hats was silly . 
  at the time , i was hiking and used to keep the sun out of my eyes and since i shave my head , to stop from getting a sunburn . 
  it was n't meant to be a fashion statement . 
  so , what are the difference between chinese , japanese , and korean people ? 
  how do you tell them apart ? 
  i would guess that cat food is named after the cartoon felix the cat . 
  they do n't ??!, 
  excuse me , i have to call my travel agent and cancel a flight ... 
  in general , people do n't realize how much of the night sky you can see until you really get away from artificial light . 
  even in a small town , the light pollution can really obscure things . 
  but get out in the country , in the middle of nowhere , and give your eyes a few minutes to adjust to the darkness ... it 's a really amazing thing !, 
  i 'm glad you were able to experience this !, 
  americans are told to call their bank/credit card companies before leaving overseas . 
  they 'll ask you when you 'll be leaving and when you 'll be getting back , what places you 'll be going , etc. 
  i did this but my bank still froze my card when i landed in france . 
  i played email tag for a bit before i got the issue straightened out . 
  it was a pain , but it 's nice knowing they 're paying attention . 
  i 'm still not sure why , but quite a few people in spain thought i was german . 
  i hated the first captain america movie . 
  but i thought he was the best part of the avengers and the second captain america movie was great . 
  i 'm not a comic book fan , so i was n't aware of the whole frozen in an iceberg for 70 's years thing . 
  that 's when the story got interesting for me . 
  that was a straightforward and informative response . 
  there is no room for talk like that here !, 
  yeah , that 's great . 
  but that report just talks about people dying in a fire overall , including japanese people committing suicide by fire . 
  thank you for you brilliant insight ... 
  fire doors are often locked , but unlock when the fire alarm is triggered . 
  edit : and if they are locked and unable to be used , that would be a serious violation of the fire and building codes . 
  if i walk into a store or a bar or whatever , it might not be obvious where the emergency exits are . 
  i might not know that i can go through the back storeroom and find an exit , so if i fire breaks out , my first thought is going to be to go out the way i came in . 
  this is n't a `` cultural '' thing , is a safety issue , one i thought was pretty obvious . 
  this is why doors should swing out . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cocoanut_grove_fire#the_fire * other avenues of escape were similarly useless : side doors had been bolted shut to prevent people from leaving without paying . 
  a plate glass window , which could have been smashed for escape , was boarded up and unusable as an emergency exit . 
  other unlocked doors , like the ones in the broadway lounge , opened inwards , rendering them useless against the crush of people trying to escape . 
  fire officials later testified that , had the doors swung outwards , at least 300 lives could have been spared *, 
  it seemed like every time i went into a bar or shop , you had to push the door in rather than pull it out . 
  here in the states , doors to public places swing outward for fire safety reasons . 
  imagine a fire breaks out in a store , everyone rushes for the exits . 
  if the doors swing inward , it would be impossible to get them open because of the mass of humanity pushing against them . 
  spain , why do you want me to burn to death ? 
  is it something i said ? 
  greetings , europe !, 
  i may be taking a trip in the near future to see some friends i made when i was there two years ago . 
  i 'll be taking a bit of tour of several countries . 
  i 'd like to bring them gifts . 
  i 'd like to give them something that is distinctly american , and something that may not be readily available in europe . 
  also , something in the 20 to 40 dollar range . 
  ( or 17.71 to 35.41 euros ) i was thinking maybe zippo lighters . 
  i received a lot of compliments on mine when i was there . 
  and while i saw a lot of knock-offs being sold , i saw very few real zippos for sale , and the ones i did were very expensive . 
  i do n't know , that 's just an idea i had . 
  the countries i will be visiting are france , germany , and poland if that 's any help . 
  i 'd love to hear your ideas !, 
  well , it 's the start of summer . 
  and the states that means cookouts , barbecues , class reunions , family reunions , and getting together for no reason at all . 
  and none of these get-togethers would be complete without a game of horseshoes . 
  or bocce ball . 
  or lawn golf . 
  or cornhole . 
  or badminton . 
  or wiffleball . 
  or whatever . 
  i 'm not sure what category these games go under so i called them backyard games , games that can be played with minimal outdoor space as opposed to a large playing field . 
  ( also , they do n't require too much athleticism , and seem to be designed so that you can play with one hand and hold a drink in the other ! ),
