i 'm from north dakota . 
  people in new york assume the same things about my home state ... 
  sounds accurate . 
  * cancels trip to norway *, 
  prove it . 
  to be fair , she said alaska is the only state from which you can see russia , which is true . 
  i was told i should put a canadian flag on my backpack when walking the camino de santiago by some `` travel experts . '', 
  so naturally the first thing i did was put an american flag on it . 
  and yeah , canadians put the leaf on everything . 
  yes ... that 's why i wrote the question the way i did , for different perspectives , such as germans travelling to japan or maybe norwegians going to mexico . 
  due to sentiment and a certain , probably well deserved reputation that american tourists have , there is a strong push to do everything you can to not be seen as a tourist . 
  every 4 years , i pray for an early exit for the u.s. . that way we do n't have to keep hearing about the world cup in the media every 5 seconds and we can stop pretending that we 're a country that gives a shit about soccer . 
  congrats on getting the shit-tier countries, 
  i always thought heineken was german . 
  because for a lot of people those occasions are n't that rare . 
  a lot of people get a roll cover that fits tight over the box and the tailgate locks . 
  if you 're driving in the elements , your bags will stay dry and protected . 
  not sure what you mean by a proper 4x4 , unless you mean like a land rover or something . 
  as far a suspension goes , pickups have just as advanced of suspensions as any car on the road , maybe more so , because they have to work with varying loads , towing trailers , bumpy dirt roads , etc. 
  the ride in a modern pickup is very smooth . 
  most pickups cost over $ 40,000 new , so it has to have a good ride for that price !, 
  one of the main reasons to have a box is to transport loose material or dirty things . 
  need a load of sand ? 
  sure , you could go to home depot and load bag after bag into your suv , and pray none of the bags leak on your way home , or go to a landscape company and get a box load and save a bunch of money . 
  we do n't tip either if the service is bad ... 
  that 's what the spanish say . 
  canada has a very strict immigration policy ... like one of the hardest in the world ... 
  the portuguese make bad but cheap towels . 
  germans dig holes at the beach . 
  that 's about it ... 
  there are so many sights to see in northern spain . 
  if i had the chance , i 'd go back . 
  i did !, 
  i had heard about the camino from a documentary , but it never really made an impact on me . 
  but one night i just sort started watching the way on netflix , not really even knowing what it was about . 
  i really liked the movie and started looking more at the camino and realized it was something i wanted to do . 
  2 years later i had enough time and money to do it . 
  thank you . 
  the camino and the north of spain is still relatively unknown to most americans . 
  when i tell people i walked to santiago , they assume i was in chile . 
  or , they ask about madrid or barcelona . 
  the only city they 've heard of on the way is pamplona . 
  most have never heard of burgos or leon . 
  the french way . 
  i started in st. jean pied de port . 
  i walked the camino . 
  it was the only thing i ever did with my life . 
  if i can pet the cat , it 's good luck . 
  i have some from spain a few years ago, 
  arabic, 
  yeah right , we all know you do n't have a gun . 
  go have another warm beer ... 
  good for you !, 
  btw , what part of holland are you from ? 
  is n't luxembourg part of holland ? 
  nope , but i 've had pizza patrol at 2 in the morning when i was shitfaced !, 
  good pizza was invented in america, 
  get out of nato . 
  there is no point in being allies with countries that hate you . 
  it has literally done america not one bit of good . 
  europe can pay for their own defense for once . 
  detangle ourselves from all foreign conflicts . 
  cease all foreign aid . 
  deport all illegal aliens . 
  send back all refugees that have been in the country longer than 5 years . 
  is that where the name barca lounger comes from ? 
  wooooo !, 
  gib monies , daddy uk and mama france . 
  you too spain , who i guess is like our step uncle or something . 
  if you have a latex fetish , you know who she is ... 
  something about towels . 
  we know all about your imperial aspirations !, 
  you 're not fooling us !, 
  and rugby is rugby football . 
  all three descend from the same game . 
  get this , a canadian football field is measured in yards !, 
  see , i knew you guys were cool !, 
  curling ? 
  that was invented in scotland . 
  if i was n't poor , i 'd give you gold . 
  it 's about the only emotion i can still feel . 
   schadenfreude first time i 've seen a real german use that word !, 
  it 's confusing and i hate it, 
  must ... resist ... polandball ... joke ... 
  i 've read enough polandball to know where this is going ... 
  too late , you already have it , even though you deny it ... 
  i guess you have to be european or something . 
  i go weeks at a time without people talking to me . 
  yes !, 
  he 's buried in the cathedral in burgos !, 
  i 've seen it !, 
  how else am i supposed to check facebook , light a cigarette , change the radio station , eat my sandwich , and mix a gin and tonic ? 
  also , would you rather live in venice or rattlesnake creek ? 
  a lot of it was marketing too . 
  when settlers moved into the area , they were usually of the same ethnicity , so it was a way of preserving their culture . 
  for example , oslo , minnesota is just across the river from warsaw , north dakota . 
  yes , op is an idiot and does n't check things before he submits . 
  yes . 
  i grew up in north dakota , we have lots of towns named after cities in germany . 
  i 've killed more deer with a car than i have with a gun ...
