  i heard it from a real-life italian !, 
  soccer is boring and pineapple is good on pizza !, 
  i 'd give gold for this post if i knew how !, 
  my first morning before starting the camino de santiago , in a little border town in france , having breakfast a pilgrim hostel . 
  `` coffee ? 
  juice ? '', 
  the woman asked . 
  `` no thank you . 
  could i have a glass of water though , please ? '', 
  stupefied look on her face . 
  in her defense , her english was n't the best and my french was non-existent . 
  but still , this lady is 2 years older than dirt and has probably been running this hostel for at since before the french language existed . 
  she must have had fed and sheltered thousands and thousands of pilgrims from all over the world over her career and i can guarantee you that at least once someone has asked for a glass of goddamn water before . 
  this should not be an alien concept !, 
  look around the table to my fellow pilgrims for help . 
  `` anyone speak french ? 
  anyone know the french word for water ? '', 
  nope . 
  they are all laughing me . 
  look around and point to the kitchen sink . 
  `` water , '' i say again , thinking maybe she 's learned the word in last 30 seconds . 
  she seems to understand . 
  she grabs a coffee mug and fills it with water . 
  then puts it in the fucking microwave . 
  * sigh * `` merci . '', 
  i was trying to picture what a german toilet might look like . 
  that pic literally made me say , `` what the fuck , germany ? 
  why ? 
  just be yourself , but be your best self . 
  if you start trying to change who you are to `` fit in , '' it will come off as phony and will piss people off far more than some slight cultural differences in social cues . 
  do n't get me wrong , if you 're a loud talker , then watch the volume levels . 
  but be yourself , be genuine , let people see who you are . 
  either they like you or they do n't . 
  this holds true whether you are in paris france , paris texas , toledo spain , or toledo ohio . 
  you can find all sorts of flavors here . 
  lots of fruity flavors can be found , along with sour flavors too . 
  i just prefer peppermint because it 's traditional and because a great treat at christmas time is hot chocolate stirred with a candy cane . 
  you pay the labor cost anyway . 
  your standard white candy cane with a red strip is mint . 
  no , you 're right , that 's how i 've always seen it . 
  my home state named our capital after him . 
  it was a canadian that introduced me to the concept in college !, 
  you are both incorrect . 
  the only way to fry an egg is in bacon fat . 
  edit : also , cook your hashbrowns in it . 
  why would an employer want to hire you over someone local ? 
  forget the foreigner aspect of it , you have been deemed by the u.s. government unable to hold a job , hence why you get disability . 
  and it 's not like it 's a physical injury where you can see progress in the recovery . 
  think of it from an employers point of view . 
  they 've got a stack of applications in front of them . 
  johnny mceuro has years of experience . 
  he has a good employment history and references . 
  he can start tomorrow . 
  you on the other hand , are on disability payments . 
  when was the last time you had a job ? 
  did you leave a good impression your employer ? 
  then there is all the red tape of sponsoring you for whatever kind of visa is needed , getting through all that red tape , and in the end , your disability might once again get the better of you and you wo n't be able to work , yet again . 
  yes , i have a lot of terms to insult europeans , that is not one of them !, 
  i never had a reason to hate the dutch ... until now . 
  the code is number 1 , just like america !, 
  ouch . 
  really ... ouch . 
  no , that way of thinking is very old fashioned . 
  now everyone stereotypes the dutch as stoners !, 
  you said you were from washington , right ? 
  why not bring a couple of bottles of wine from there ? 
  have your sommelier friend recommend something local . 
  washington also produces this stuff , which is amazing . 
  yeah , it 's the personal connection that makes a gift . 
  i actually had a similar thread awhile back . 
  maybe op can get some ideas there . 
  i think it would be awesome to get wine from a winery that belonged to a family of a friend . 
  `` hey , this is a wine that my family makes . '', 
  i 'm not much of a wine drinker , but it 's a good gift because op has a personal connection to it and that 's what makes it special . 
  i took french my senior year of high school because everyone said it was easy . 
  i figured , `` great !, 
  an easy class and i 'll actually learn something ! '', 
  what they really meant was that the teacher did n't give two shits and just gave everyone an a regardless of their work . 
  but it was very , very hard . 
  just learning how to read and pronounce words was hell , let alone trying to understand gendered words and all that other crap that comes with learning a language . 
  i 'd hate to see the impolite version !, 
  hopefully not at the same store !, 
  in sweden i 'm fast , and in poland i 'm lucky !, 
  ben franklin said , `` guests and fish start to stink after 3 days . '', 
  best 43 days of my life . 
  i 'm trying to learn spanish now , in case i ever go back . 
  guilty of this . 
  i loved my time in spain though !, 
  i live in a building with old plumbing . 
  the tap water tastes nasty as hell . 
  i tried different filters , but none of them really improved the taste . 
  so for drinking water at home , i use those big 5 gallon jugs you see in offices . 
  one will last about a week and i can refill it for about $ 3 at the grocery store . 
  if i 'm at a restaurant and i want water , i never get bottled . 
  most restaurants and bars use commercial-grade reverse-osmosis filters for their water . 
  and it tastes exactly like bottled water . 
  but if i 'm on a trip and i 'm at a gas station or something , i 'll get dasani . 
  i think it tastes better than aquafina ( which is pepsi 's brand of water . ), 
  according to the wikipedia article , on 8 % of sales come from donuts . 
  65 % comes from drink sales and the rest comes from other food items .
