  a few years ago , there was a big ad campaign with dunkin' donuts trying to be the alternative to starbucks . 
  i am extremely uncomfortable after watching that ... 
  dasani is my go-to brand of bottled water . 
  i do n't like the flavor of spring or mineral water . 
  but yeah , `` bottled spunk '' is pretty bad branding . 
  here in the us , come to think of it , i 'm not sure about the uk or other native english speaking countries . 
  i always got a kick out of people that add the letter `` t '' to words than end in `` s. '' `` chess '' becomes `` chest . '', 
  `` across '' becomes `` acrosst . '', 
  i love how in spain wi-fi is pronounced `` wee-fee '', 
  i just go with my gut too , that 's why all of this is strange to me . 
  i never knew i was following rules . 
  certain things just sound wrong !, 
  to use a real-life example , i grew up on the great plains . 
  so you would say something like , `` i went for a drive across the green great plains . '', 
  great is part of the name . 
  it lets someone know you are talking about the great plains of north america . 
  but , if i went to germany , and found myself driving across an open prairie with green grass , i would say , `` i was driving across the great green plains in germany . '', 
  ( i do n't know if germany has such a geographic feature , i 'm just using it as an example ! ), 
  it 's so strange to me because these are rules i 've been following all my life and never knew it !, 
  it 's the same in english . 
  if you said `` the green great dragon , '' it would mean there is a species of dragon known as great dragons , sort of like the great white shark . 
  ha , i did n't catch that at first !, 
  i am a christian , and to me , christ most definitely existed and that there was a last supper , and a cup was used at that last supper . 
  is the one in leon that cup ? 
  who knows ? 
  the fact that it 's 2000 years old makes it a very important artifact on it 's own . 
  but i do have a recipe for poutine !, 
  i 've never had a glugsburger before . 
  what 's on them ? 
  the grail is never mentioned in the bible . 
  there is mention of `` the cup '' used at the last supper , but no real importance is made of it . 
  grail stories came hundreds of years later . 
  however , what 's neat about this chalice is that it was carbon dated to sometime around 100bc to 100ad , making it old enough that those stories could have been based around this cup . 
  i 'd way rather meet grand emperor harold `` h-dog '' martinson of sandusky , ohio over some crusty old hag who thinks i should bow to her just because her family tree does n't fork . 
  oh , and in my scenario , you get to pick your title , and a cool nickname for yourself . 
  and you get to be on coins !, 
  i know !, 
  the worst part is that i was in leon only a week before the story came out !, 
  i toured the cathedral , but did n't have time to see the basilica . 
  odds are it 's not the holy grail , if such an object exists at all , but it still would be been nice to see . 
  you guys have the holy grail !, 
  they would n't have any real power , just like monarchs now . 
  but they 'd be good for parades , dedicating memorials , and that kind of thing . 
  i stopped regularly watching around about season 9 or 10 . 
  every so often i 'll catch an episode , but it 's not a show i sit down to watch anymore . 
  it just does n't have the same magic as it did in the early years . 
  but the way i look at it , i have almost 20 years of the simpsons to binge watch !, 
  i swear whoever does the voice for marge in spain sounds exactly like julie kavner , who is marge in the american version . 
  why not have a lottery ? 
  everyone above 18 has their name put into a hat , and every 4 years you get a new king or queen . 
  they get to live in a fancy house and stuff . 
  then after 4 years they go back to their normal life . 
  okay , what is the deal with portuguese towels ? 
  i saw another thread yesterday that referenced them ? 
  and how in the hell do you break a towel ?? 
  hahaha !, 
  i saw a bidet once . 
  i was n't brave enough to use it . 
  user name checks out . 
  holiday ? 
  i 'm taking about a workday !, 
  start drinking at 4pm , go to bed at 4am !, 
  maybe you just were n't that interesting ? 
  germans : tell joke . 
  if no ones laugh , tell another joke . 
  british : tell joke . 
  if no one laughs , spend 2 hours explaining that not only was the joke in fact very funny , but you are wrong for not finding it funny . 
  spend another 2 hours saying how you just do n't get sarcasm and irony . 
  4 hours later , still no laughs , so brit puts man in a dress . 
  it 's a different world now . 
  maybe the uk would send some help . 
  but i honestly can not think of another country that would for sure send troops . 
  i 'd prefer it too , and here 's why . 
  let 's say the us was attacked by china and russia tomorrow . 
  unlikely , but let 's say it happens . 
  is germany really going to send troops to help out ? 
  is france ? 
  is greece ? 
  will we see the mighty latvian army come to our rescue ? 
  hell no . 
  maybe they 'll hold candlelight vigils and light up their famous monuments in red , white , and blue . 
  maybe they 'll play the national anthem before a soccer match . 
  but you know damn well the vast majority of european countries would n't life one finger to help us out . 
  i 've thought about this and ... would it ? 
  would it hurt the us , or would we just have to re-evaluate our position ? 
  i wonder what would happen if we got the hell out of europe and asia for good . 
  relations with russia and china would probably improve . 
  and if russia goes playing around in a few of the former eastern-bloc countries , what does it really matter to the us ? 
  oh , you want to plant your flag in some shithole part of a shithole country ? 
  we do n't care !, 
  what does the ukraine have that america needs ? 
  nothing . 
  what does any european country have that america needs ? 
  nothing . 
  america is stuck in these treaties that do n't benefit us at all . 
  i 'm not being sarcastic either . 
  what good does america get out of a treaty with germany ? 
  or italy ? 
  or poland ? 
  or anyone in europe ?
