i doubt he lives where they shit in an outhouse . 
  i see no real need for that if they fulfill the criteria above . 
  we can handle several millions of non-muslim women and children . 
  so the turkish navy is able to not allow them back into their waters but the eu countries navies ca n't do that ? 
  the criteria being - learn an eu language - draw mohammad - burn a quran - do n't be a male above 18, 
  why not ? 
  i think a country is pretty similar to a block of flats . 
  everyone has his own apartment and we own the common parts and make decisions about them together . 
  we are the owners and we can decide who enters the block . 
  the economy wo n't be dependent on loans and risk that much and if it needs to be private institutions similar to insurance companies and not funded by taxpayers will appear to distribute the risk . 
  i already gave analogy . 
  holding you prisoner is not the same as not letting you live in my house . 
  no it is not and even if it was that 's their problem and the countries protecting their borders have no moral obligation to solve it . 
  what you describe will be a problem only the first couple of times shit happens . 
  then lending and losses will be contained naturally because people and institutions will know there will be no bailout no matter what . 
  the solution is just fine . 
  the examples you gave were just solving the wrong problem . 
  the demarcation line between west and east germany was created by the russians and the reason was not letting people escape the east rather than prevent people from entering the west . 
  the korean line is similar if not exactly the same . 
  it is bad if a country wo n't let you leave because that makes this country a prison . 
  not letting a foreigner in your own country is fine . 
  this makes this country your home . 
  prison vs home . 
  subtle difference . 
  the cause and effect relation here is entirely non-obvious to me . 
  can it be that homogeneous culture in these places is the reason for higher socioeconomic status and wealth or the reason is lower crime rate which is due to homogeneous culture ? 
  and this is why multiculturalism sucks . 
  yeah but this was the example given  on a more serious note drugs are the most profitable illegal activity in the world and even something as simple as legalizing cannabis has been shown to greatly reduce the profits of illegal organizations . 
  think of legalizing drugs as a kind of chemotherapy for crime . 
  it wo n't outright cure the cancer but it will make it weaker . 
  the only proper response is not bailing out banks and forcing people to do their own research and take responsibility for their money , loans , etc. 
  why is this guy downvoted for informing us about the legal and political situation in germany ? 
  stop it !, 
  german guilt makes them take even more refugees . 
  yes . 
  everyone who tries to cross without proper registration or refuses to stay in camps should be sent back and if he fights ( like on the macedonian border ) he should be shot . 
  i do n't know how much simpler can it be . 
  it is simple . 
  legalize drugs and drive the prices down . 
  why would countries that actively tried to block refugees with fences and border guards want to take refugees from countries that invited them ? 
  i wonder how someone thought sweden could withstand any serious threat in the current pc climate there . 
  even before the immigrants i watched a journalist investigation about bulgarian gypsies who built huge houses and bought expensive cars all with the money they got from begging in sweden . 
  they did n't even do anything illegal they were just abusing sweden . 
  it was obvious that sooner or later the fairy tale must end because not so pleasant people will abuse it as much as they can . 
  i for one think we are lazier and more inclined to complain than serbia so we would be even worse without the eu . 
  do n't know about romania though . 
  also i am pro eu because while we are in the eu emigration is nothing urgent . 
  i know that i can move to the west whenever i want and this is why i can just stay in bulgaria . 
  yes . 
  there are a lot of channels for legal immigration and refugee status . 
  illegal immigrants are simply criminals and they should be prosecuted by the police . 
  what happens when criminals run from the police or attack the police ? 
  the police shoots them . 
  simple as that . 
  does this stats include people with no insurance or below average insurance ? 
  your policy is sexist . 
  and that 's fine . 
  the real question for germany is how will they stop all the immigrants from moving there . 
  i mean without declaring the failure of leftist multicultural politics . 
  you realize that claiming you ca n't forcibly register and move around millions of people is illegal because it constitutes holocaust denial ? 
  europe has the option to shoot people who cross the borders in places other than official checkpoints . 
  too bad europe does n't like shooting people . 
  do n't worry . 
  soon the official religion in sweden will be changed to islam and you will get more hardline sharia politicians that will control your borders properly . 
  what kind of measurements are these ? 
  i do n't think anyone has a `` right '' of healthcare . 
  healthcare is a product . 
  customers pay for it medical stuff provides it . 
  simple as that . 
  also if you buy insurance you still wo n't have to worry about costs . 
  well seems like this is what it costs to get good healthcare . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with people who pay more to get a better service . 
  for me native women are worth far more than immigrant men . 
  yeah , i assumed you were responding to what would happen in eastern europe . 
  not that the threat of hate crime prosecution is a good excuse for german guys to let women being harassed and raped . 
  i assumed there were a thousand men and just a few that caused trouble . 
  i am very brave when i outnumber the violent men 10:1, 
  what is this hate crime thing you talk about ? 
  we do n't have that around here . 
  our border control shoots illegal immigrants on occasion and nobody even blinks ( in fact people demand that the border policemen is rewarded ) . 
  the assaulted women would be fine . 
  profiling based on where somebody comes from , based on religion and/or race is perfectly acceptable . 
  i do n't consider myself racist but in recent years i stopped thinking of the word `` racist '' as offensive and am not offended when someone calls me a racist . 
  i now think we should accept racist people the same way the political left accepts that there is a political right and vice versa . 
  i do n't agree with the racists but i am fine working with them , being friends with them , etc. 
  also nobody should be afraid to do his job because of racist accusations like nobody is afraid to do his job because he might be called a liberal . 
  i recently read somewhere that gun violence in the us is declining except in gun-free zones . 
  did n't bother to fact check though ... 
  of course you should not `` trust in it '' . 
  you should carry your own gun . 
  so why did n't these guys doing nothing wrong stop the wrongdoers ? 
  very few would die if russia gets serious about invading ukraine . 
  people would just flee and eu and us would not move a finger . 
  yeah i am kind of ok with the social system paying ( after all if we agree there is a social system what else would it do ? ), 
  but i kind of disagree with percentage based payment . 
  so who pays for the unemployed ? 
  also does everyone pay the same amount or it is percentage based ? 
  in fact they do have a treaty - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances, 
  yeah it is better than mandatory public healthcare but still bad because taxpayers still pay for people who do n't get the insurance and also you ca n't choose whatever you want because the sector needs to be heavily regulated because it is mandatory . 
  obamacare is something like this is n't it ?
