  so what happens if say i am a firm believer in homeopathy and i want homeopathic healthcare ? 
  still forced to pay . 
  the older i get the more radical i become , 
  yeah if i understood other commenters correctly in germany if you pay private insurance you do n't have to pay for the state insurance right ? 
  of course they wo n't sell significantly populated areas but they have vast amounts of unpopulated land . 
  the chinese need land . 
  actual land to build stuff and develop agriculture . 
   no country on earth would sell significant territories to an outside power , least of all a country as nationalist as russia . 
  have you heard of alaska ? 
  32 why is that relevant ? 
  the euphemism that is `` your employer pays n % of the tax '' is a total bullshit designed to hide from people how much they really pay . 
  the money still comes from your work no matter if the employer pays the state before they give it to you . 
  entirely non-obvious . 
  the price of oil does not depend solely on the situation in the middle east . 
  first there is the chinese economic problems and then there is this - http://money.cnn.com/interactive/news/economy/worlds-biggest-oil-producers/?sr=twmoney010316worlds-biggest-oil-producers0401pmn%2falink&amp;linkid=19972800 the us pumps much more oil in recent years which is driving the price down . 
  they did twist russia 's arms with these deals which kind of proves they are not buddies . 
  did n't the chinese leader leave putin to wait at these talks ? 
  if things continue like this ( the oil prices i mean ) china may actually buy territory from russia at some point . 
  russia could have occupied the whole of ukraine if they wanted to . 
  they just do n't see the value in it . 
  it is obvious that west leaders are pussies and would not send military to stop russia 's invasion in ukraine so why not ? 
  after all they are already hit by sanctions . 
  the only problem is that occupying ukraine is probably too expensive with too little return . 
  also the oil price is not independent of russia 's actions . 
  while the chinese economic problems are a lucky coincidence the us did increase its oil production significantly since 2013 ( double ? ), 
  and the iranian deal has an effect too . 
  obama may be a pussy but he did push these oil prices down . 
  `` the problem '' is that some people are not getting insurance . 
  that 's only a problem for socialists . 
  while i only have experience with public healthcare i do n't see anything wrong with the us healthcare before obamacare . 
  it appears that the situation in germany is better than i thought but still worse than free market and free choice . 
  sometimes they do that but more often they are just racketeers who require bribes from people just to give them permission to do something that did n't require permission before the useless government drones decided that they should issue permission . 
  my problem is simple . 
  i do n't want to participate in something but i still have to pay for it . 
   so that 's the problem with your health system and not with public health system the question is about my experience with universal healthcare , is n't it ? 
   neither can you buy equipment with a nice salary , but a nice salary is important in order to have a motivated staff . 
  if i pay officially the same amount of money as i pay bribes it will be split between nice salary and equipment . 
  hell maybe the doctors would take a payment cut to get better equipment but they ca n't because the money is unofficial . 
  i will complain on all government spending except crisis management , firefighters , law enforcement and army ( and even complain about some of those on occasion ) . 
  it just happens that currently this one is posted on reddit . 
  you have it backwards . 
  the government does not pay bribes , they take bribes . 
  i understand this and i do n't even mind the bribes . 
  what i mind is that the state still takes money from me and that you ca n't buy equipment with bribes . 
  hmmm interesting . 
  how will private healthcare work in case of a serious illness like cancer ? 
  i do n't imagine private healthcare is possible without a complete collapse . 
  it is very hard for a meaningful private health insurance to exist in a country with universal health care unless the universal healthcare is ridiculously bad . 
  that 's like having private roads if there are state roads everybody is paying for anyway . 
  we just like to complain that 's all . 
  the fact that montana and vidin are damn near abandoned does not make sofia overcrowded . 
  to know if it is worth it you must calculate what healthcare you would get for the percentage of your income that you pay now if healthcare was private . 
  my country has universal healthcare and the experience is abysmal . 
  the existence of universal healthcare makes it hard for private healthcare to compete so it turns mostly into bribes . 
  i dream of the day when the system finally crumbles completely so we can have reasonable private healthcare . 
  exactly what i was thinking while watching the video . 
  i guess it was just the ec spending more of our money on bullshit . 
  and btw it is quite obvious what kind of things the state should control . 
  things that damage others and never things that people voluntary do to themselves . 
  therefore the state should ban smoking in government buildings , bus stops , etc. 
  maybe even private company work places . 
  however there is no reason to ban smoking in places like restaurants owned by private entities and where people go on their own free will possibly precisely with the intention of smoking . 
  the 89 thing was n't ever intended to involve murdering people let alone a million ( which would also be impossible since the turkish population is not that numerous ), 
  somalia has a socialist government ( i.e. 
  the kind of government that promises to control more rather than less ), 
  i agree with your observation but i 'd recommend you use better example to avoid shifting focus towards the damage to society by drunk driving . 
  there are however counterexamples even if they are small . 
  consider legalization of marijuana . 
  or bulgaria . 
  i literally do n't know a restaurant in my 60k population town that does not allow smoking despite the ban , 
  bus stops and office buildings makes perfect sense . 
  restaurants , bars , cinemas , internet cafes is where it does not make sense because a person can see that smoking is allowed and leave/not enter and because they are private property . 
  what do you do when you have to get a new driving license and the whole building is full of smoke ? 
  come on man , we 're not that big on ethnic cleansing . 
  i 'm quite certain we 're below average on global scale . 
  drinking while driving is a bad example because when you drink while driving you are putting others in danger . 
  that 's something the state should regulate . 
  a good example would be driving without a seatbelt . 
  so the state has to step in and command people on how to live their lives ? 
  the state has no business telling you what to do in your private property . 
  if someone does not want to breath smoke he should not go to a restaurant that allows smoking . 
  no reason for the state to interfere !, 
  which only comes to show that bullshit laws are going to be ignored . 
  our authorities are the same corrupt garbage on all issues but somehow people are not ignoring the laws against murder and there are no mass murders everywhere . 
  most of the population does n't mind smoking so a ban is unenforceable without an absurd amount of resources . 
  people actively undermine the ban, 
  honestly i do think that people who evaluate their situation based on how much the top 1 % ( or even their neighbor ) have deserve all the shit they get . 
  uhm ... that 's not how it works . 
  the situation is either shit or not shit and it does not depend on how much anybody else owns . 
  uhm ... well i do n't feel sorry . 
  i feel sorry for those who genuinely run from war and are therefore grateful to be in a non-war zone and do not want to get back ( to war ), 
  i do n't know what 's sad about it ( except the expenses on the eu side ) . 
  people who do not check information should be punished . 
  sadly the article states that very few have integrated so well . 
   climate change is only going to make them more desperate ? 
  life sentences ? 
  i thought they did n't bother with this useless sentencing thing at that pretty place in cuba . 
  really ? 
  the immigrants are coming because of climate change and not because europe is accepting them , giving them money and the us took down several dictators that were keeping the situation at bay ? 
  here - http://www.arsenal-bg.com/ you can pick something and order a new one on the black market .
