  not those shitty old aks from the yugoslavia war . 
  also bulgarian factories are happy to produce aks for you . 
  not officially of course but workers there need to add something to their low wages . 
  uhm ... no . 
  i do n't have the connections but i bet with some money and asking around i can get you an ak manufactured specifically for you . 
  maybe even customize it with your reddit username if you pay enough . 
  the eu bureaucracy will crash under its own weight at some point . 
  weak socialist economy , low birth rate and uneducated mass immigration will just accelerate the process . 
  i do n't know if i should be happy or sad about it since my own country kind of sucks and i do n't want to lose the right to travel with just my id card but i swear i despise everything else about the eu . 
  i wish the eu was as advertised - free movement of people and goods - nothing more, 
  when someone wants to push gun control on them americans with guns like to invite americans without guns to come and take them . 
  oh come on !, 
  there is a lot of bad things you can say about present day america but ban on boobs is not one of them . 
  i am not in the business of bringing back slavery i am just expecting it and not scared of it . 
  i 'm not in a hurry . 
  nope i do n't like islam , thank you . 
  i already took the confederate flag !, 
  hey i just suggested taking the children from the gypsies at birth and raising them with normal education and separating them from their culture . 
  i think that 's pretty clear but someone decided to dig some historical examples to make the suggestion look bad or something . 
  i have no intention on wasting time to investigate these examples because i do n't think i need them to make my suggestion clear . 
  slavery will make a comeback and clean its underserved bad reputation, 
  russian history tells a different story . 
  now to be honest i did n't read the whole articles so maybe i would find something not justifiable but just skimming through the first paragraph i 'd not only say it is justified but seems like what i proposed in an earlier comment without knowing it has been done . 
  this . 
  he could of course break ukraine by force but then even belarus would hate him . 
  these are russians we are talking about . 
  they would praise their emperor for making russia strong again and conquering ( or liberating as they call it ) territories . 
  yeah and the actions of eu and nato like being `` concerned '' and `` outraged '' and also not selling russians war ships . 
  and honorable . 
  general rommel was super cool actually . 
  do n't forget the russians , they were quite happy to kill polish people too . 
  the germans at least feel bad about it . 
  i do n't think russian influence was at play here . 
  certainly one of the parties is somewhat pro-russian but in this case it was the status quo protecting themselves by not letting their grip on the justice system go ( the important judges and prosecutors come from various quotas and were appointed by the various parties through the years ) . 
  interestingly i thought the changes were not significant but they were still blocked in a scandalous way . 
  it was more like the status quo declared that they would not even pretend to make changes and they are happy with the current dysfunctional justice system and the people can fuck off . 
  i 'll take the confederate flag especially in the light of recent events . 
  i hear it annoys sjws quite a lot . 
  well i am offended just not by what you think will offend me . 
  so what about germany ? 
  did they keep that family slaves for 17 years ? 
  nope this is like the ussr flag . 
  i 'd rather have a swastika than this . 
  well we 're sending them to west europe to deal with them then  win/win for bulgaria and romania . 
  not the last one but the first three . 
  exactly !, 
  is it ok to take their children at birth and educate them as civilized people and treat the current community as animals ? 
  i think it 's assad . 
  the us wants him out , isis wants him out , turkey wants him out but he somehow manages to stay and even enlist russia to reclaim the country while russia has financial troubles . 
  that 's quite an interesting statement . 
  so turkey can control who passes through the border but the eu ca n't . 
  did it ever occur to you that the problem may be the eu border control ( or even laws ) rather than turkey ? 
  i am pretty sure ron paul will see `` progressive '' as an insult , 
  obviously the french voter agrees that there has been a complete failure or at least some sort of failure . 
  this !, 
  a hundred times this !, 
  if the `` normal '' parties just ignore the problem even when they say they are working on it it makes sense to turn towards the ones who claim the problem is bigger than it actually is so they can be expected to take some action . 
  well ron paul that you gave as an example is socially liberal except for the abortion issue . 
  he is for legalizing drugs , gay marriage ( although in the form of no state marriage for anyone ) , and all that jazz . 
  what is more the term tea party would not be needed if it was just conservatives in there . 
  they could just be called conservatives like the people who are already called conservatives . 
  the tea party is focusing on economic issues and avoids social issues as you would know if you had read the wikipedia article - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tea_party_movement#agenda of course it being a decentralized movement and not a single party it unites people that are socially conservative and people that are socially liberal but the uniting principle is economic freedom , constitutionalism ( american ) and smaller government . 
  hell , it is evident by their name which refers to a famous protest against taxes . 
  tanks . 
  russian . 
  yeah russian soldiers often go on holiday with their buk missile launchers . 
  i fully agree . 
  the question is how you convince the majority . 
  good luck with that !, 
  i wish it was so easy to fight off socialism without economic breakdown and starving people . 
  as if britain is not socialist country . 
  not as much as france or germany but come on !, 
  maybe but they changed how they referred to it specifically to avoid pointing out that they are basically the same . 
  fun fact : the ussr propaganda started calling the nazis fascists ( which is the italian thing ) after hitler attacked them because nazi comes from nacionalsocialism which contains `` socialism '' which annoys communists and socialists . 
  `` here is a quran - burn it !, 
  now kiss this star of david . 
  ! good , the video is saved , you may cross the border now '', 
  they were close enough to become a soviet republic i think . 
  btw todor zhivkov our communist leader wanted to make us a soviet republic at one point but moscow said no . 
  the russian still claim they liberated us from fascism although we never fought germany ( in fact we were their allies ) and the russians did not fight here ( a few soldiers died from alcohol poisoning ) . 
  my grandmother says that when the germans passed through their village everything was peaceful and civil but when the soviets came it was scary and they simply robbed the population . 
  hitler is quite objectively better than stalin . 
  his country had better economy , better technology , more educated population , he murdered less people and nobody starved . 
  all this without the vast natural resources of russia . 
  probably the only exception is if you were a jew but it is not like the jews had it easy in the ussr it just was n't as bad as hitler . 
  now i am not saying that i support hitler but if somebody gave me a choice to switch history and make hitler beat stalin i would do it . 
  the russians will liberate us again ... sigh ... 
  this is definitely a problem with the west . 
  in eastern europe we do n't buy the socialist bullshit so easily although there is a lot of nostalgia in older people it is more of the kind `` force the gypsy minority to work '' rather than `` we want a social state '' . 
  the soviet socialist republic of finland ? 
  as i see it from military perspective it was a victory . 
  politically seems to be a victory too ( as far as i know was a great embarrassment for the supposedly scary russian army ) . 
  only territorially it was a defeat . 
  strongly favored ( ex-hunter ) snipers . 
  i read somewhere that a genetic study confirmed that something like 8 % of male population in the area conquered by genghis khan are his direct descendants . 
  in a way everyone up to central europe can reasonably claim a relation to genghis khan , 
  sure it was - https://chawedrosin.files.wordpress.com/2009/01/finland-be-afraid1.jpg, 
  he will pretend they were from some other bombing or fabricated . 
  i think i find erdogan more unpleasant than putin but in this case i am just happy that two unpleasant people have problems and ca n't pretend to be allies against the eu anymore ( turkish stream that was not going to happen anyway ) . 
  i guess that 's different than the `` i do n't care '' answer .
