  also note that turing machines are not actual machines . 
  turing machines are a mathematical model to describe the limits of computation . 
  think of turing machines of a mathematical definition similar to that of a function . 
  in math you say that you have f ( x ) which is a projection where each x is mapped to exactly one y and so on and using that definition you prove theorems and invent shortcuts . 
  the turing machine is a similar concept for cs . 
  it is so important because it is remarkably simple but turing has proven that whatever this simple machine can compute is the most any machine ever can compute . 
  so if we prove that a certain thing can not be computed on a turing machine this means that we do n't need to try to compute it on any other machine . 
  interestingly this purely mathematics concept is easily explains through a physical device which makes it even better because it makes it easier to understand . 
  yes turing is the greatest and the father of cs but he did not build the first computer, 
  ok you have to tell me this - are you kidding or you want my computing history lecture in the form of a reddit comment ? 
  ooops ... my bad, 
  so are you english , italian or german ? 
  all of these have a reasonable claim to having built the first computer for some definition of computer . 
  there is no ukraine homophobia involved only the guardian 's stupidity . 
  which as we know from russian media means mandatory gay sex . 
  can confirm . 
  it is actually better now at least for people willing to work for their success ( as opposed being assigned somewhere and waiting there till retirement ), 
  so stalin is not a communist or representative of the soviet union ? 
  we only count trotsky as a true communist now ? 
  sure but it was russia who sent their army to help communist revolutions in ee countries . 
  it was n't like this for bulgaria and i am pretty sure it was n't like this for poland and the czech . 
  i suspect for many more countries . 
  without the red army the communist could never get the power in most ee countries . 
  of course he is blaming russia for annexing a couple of countries and appointing puppet communist governments in some more countries supported by the red army ( or they would be wiped out by the corresponding nations ) . 
  ee as a whole does n't love russia and hate the us ( well at least not more than the rest of the world hates the us ) . 
  the best description for attitude of ee towards russia is best described as polarized . 
  there is a minority ( large but still a minority ) that claims that russia is great and communism was fine and a majority that sees the west as far better option . 
  yeah , that 's the guardian - pathetic . 
  uhm ... what country ? 
  boza and airan require some time getting used to . 
  a lot of bulgarians hate them too if they never started drinking them as children for some reason . 
  i want to add [ sandanski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sandanski ) to your list of tourist destinations, 
  well i assume the law will have to be changed to allow shooting of people who illegally cross the border . 
  i do n't know why this law was removed in the first place . 
  net neutrality laws restrict the free market so i am against them . 
  can i cheer now ? 
  somebody call for a referendum on porn filters . 
  lets see how this turns out !, 
  totally not obvious to me . 
  yeah sure . 
  now go cry to your government for more regulation on the free market . 
  i know . 
  it is a restriction on the free market so that isps are banned from offering me a cheaper or faster service that is restricted to the services i want to . 
  they will be forced to make me pay for services i do n't care about because they must be neutral . 
  if i only use facebook and reddit the isp should be allowed to offer me fast and cheap access to facebook and reddit without the need to provide me access to say google + . 
  use your slow internet that was slowed down on purpose so it could be neutral . 
  the golden age of the internet when nobody wanted net neutrality laws and the market was regulating internet speeds not bureaucrats . 
  yes . 
  if it gets abolished we wo n't have state regulation on the internet like net neutrality . 
  just for the record - i wanted this . 
  or more precisely i think this is less damaging than the strict version . 
  ideally there would be no state regulation on the internet including net neutrality . 
  net neutrality is for socialists who want to stop competition . 
  here is how it works - i have worked with russians and know some russians . 
  i like them as much as any other europeans ( in fact there are some european peoples i actually dislike ) as long as they do n't start talking about friendship between bulgarians and russians and how great your country is . 
  i do hate your country but i actually like russians up to the point where they insist to be one with their country . 
  clearly i can like a person and not like his political decisions , ca n't i ? 
  i mean i am as libertarian as it gets but i have friends who are communists and i can drink with them and work with them and even discuss politics without getting into a fight . 
  my impression is that ordinary russians are not concerned about the lives of ordinary russians . 
  first of all the attitude of russians seems to be one of `` our country before our lives '' . 
  more importantly the disregard for human live seems to be part of the culture in almost suicidal ways . 
  alcoholism is much more of a problem than any other country reducing life expectancy significantly and almost all of the insane almost suicidal videos i see on the internet are made in russia . 
  i mean those people walking on skyscrapers and similar . 
  there are also pictures of russians doing dangerous things with various guns and cars . 
  i know that these people are a minority but they do n't seem to exist in any other country so i kind of extrapolate from there . 
  well 4 channers call everything a shithole . 
  if i write on 4chan i would call everything shithole too , 
  if you see a brit saying this ask him about his internet speed , 
  btw what is the plan for the secular people in turkey ? 
  what are you gon na do when the laws erdogan creates are no longer a joke but a real problem like who knows ... ban unmarried sex or making it illegal to miss a prayer ? 
  do n't you need to be a direct descendent of mohammad to be a caliph ? 
  i do n't know guys . 
  just sort it out between yourselves and do n't torture us with all that remembering . 
  american ? 
  to be honest you probably have worse , 
  you can use this for reference - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtga0jvhp2a, 
  to be honest you and the romanians should do something about these confusing names !, 
  i can take you to dirty , unfriendly and criminal places if you want me to , 
  you really believe medvedev had any real power ? 
  he just switched with putin because of the requirement of russian constitution . 
  that was just putin 's policy at the time . 
  also they believe other people somehow love them and respect them for that . 
  who considers romania a shithole ? 
  sure it may look like this from western europe and the usa but come on people most people in the world are living in quite a bit worse situation and most countries are actually worse . 
  how is a country above average a shithole ? 
  probably spain . 
  i love how easy , almost lazy the spanish people seem to be and it is warm . 
  yes , but sometimes i get to vote . 
  sure but they would be even less corrupt if they were right leaning and also the argument was that a poor country can not afford to be left leaning . 
  ok go ahead experiment . 
  i prefer to not be the rat lab for the endless experiments trying to make the left work . 
  empirical evidence suggest that works better than anyone who got the power by promising equality and fair redistribution . 
  a country under right-wing rule can not suffer as much from corruption because right-wing means more private things , less taxes and less redistribution . 
  if the state does not get a lot of money and property the corrupt politicians can not steal a lot of money and property . 
  even if that is true they get there using the votes of left leaning people . 
  the conclusion is that poor countries with left politics just get poorer . 
  proven empirically in many places around the world . 
  that does n't stop countries with less intelligent voters . 
  i agree to disagree . 
  nope .
