  just blaming the fraction in power , 
  i am too lazy to find statistics for white americans but i vaguely remember than even then they are better than germany . 
  of course educated white people are not doing well anywhere in the world but still ... 
  germany and the us are certainly leftist . 
  i know nothing about the government in japan . 
  russia and china are not ( in the context of the conversation because they are quite a bit on the left in economic terms ), 
  i firmly believe this is true combined with other small factors like easy access to information and the absence of some dictators that would stop the population from leaving or torture their families if they did . 
  except that until now nobody knew you could just cross eu borders without nobody stopping you . 
  maybe they can try another eastern european country instead of the more expensive uk . 
  the quality might be lower but it is not like this is a dangerous procedure . 
  worst case is unsuccessful attempt . 
  just for the record i am not defending this government policy just pointing out that there may be reasonable solutions for people who need it . 
  i guess the lack of reports might be related to christian fundamentalists not having attacked new york , london , and various smaller targets in the western world ? 
  btw in case it is n't clear i dislike all religion even non-fundamentalist ( except the church of the flying spaghetti monster ) . 
  i just have a very clear ladder on which ones i consider more dangerous . 
  africans who want to live in a better country are a good reason if you ask me . 
  but they win ... well at least the elections . 
  first of all it is not a catholic organization . 
  second the very fact that i had never heard of them demonstrates that their operation and following is relatively small . 
  the world has more christians than muslims and these are the scariest christians you could find while muslims have a whole state they took by force where they murder people for atheism , not even counting established countries like iran and saudi arabia . 
  yeah christian extremism is really scary !, 
  i do n't know how much this kind of procedure costs . 
  i assumed it was not that expensive . 
  i see . 
  not an easy choice for sure . 
  can you adopt a child if you are not a married couple ? 
  you think 16 million is not reasonable ? 
  keep accepting them and giving them money and they will be stupid not to come . 
  well ... strange choice then . 
  are n't there alternatives . 
  what about this pro-business party ? 
  sure but currently most of the world is ruled by the left group . 
  at some point you have bigger troubles than incompetent government . 
  like influx of a great number of muslim immigrants . 
  interestingly poland is one of the countries that should be worried the least but it seems that the previous polish government failed miserably in explaining that . 
  ca n't you just do it abroad ? 
  excluding marriage what rights have been denied to gays in poland ? 
  catholic oppression in the 21st century is much nicer than isliamic oppression for sure . 
  i mean what did catholics do recently ? 
  ban contraception ? 
  tax breaks for the church ? 
  state-subsidized church ? 
  ban a concert or two . 
  yeah , not really pleasant but they had not stoned anyone for being an atheist or shot someone for drawing insulting pics of jesus . 
  160k for the whole eu is really nothing to worry about especially if they are split . 
  but what are we going to do when 16\u00a0000\u00a0000 come till the end of 2016 ? 
  perfect point , 
  voting against immigration ( which i assume is the primary motivation of polish people ) is fascist ? 
  i expect that people may soon vote for this guy again . 
  when the `` normal '' politicians fail to even acknowledge a problem people turn to the lunatics in a `` desperate times call for desperate measures '' situation . 
  you know american birth rate is quite a bit higher than germany , do n't you ? 
  typical left bullshit . 
  if you do n't agree with us you must be stupid . 
  first of all if it has been done before this means electronic voting is no less secure since obviously the current system also has the flaw . 
  second as i see it we voted that we want to have a proposal not that someone should setup an e-voting website tomorrow . 
  you ca n't possibly fraud votes that do not exist . 
  if that is possible it would mean that a person can vote twice once electronically and once on paper . 
  also there is no proposal so you ca n't possibly know what 's in the proposal . 
  i personally do n't see paid votes as a significant problem . 
  the miscounting of votes can be handled by releasing all public keys of voters and the whole log of each and every vote so that everyone can verify the number of votes signed with real keys . 
  also electronic voting has nothing to do with machine voting . 
  and finally if you are worried that electronic voting will be less secure than paper voting nobody is taking away the paper voting . 
  go vote with paper . 
  why are you telling me that i ca n't vote electronically ? 
  the current system is terrible and an electronic system totally has a chance to be harder to abuse . 
  yeah but your social status is higher if you can get laid , 
  not moronic to this degree . 
  i think that 's a false statement . 
  some part of turkey are definitely problematic but istanbul seems to be just fine and i am pretty sure people there do not marry when ordered by their parents . 
  i guess it is because in these countries it is harder to get laid without getting married . 
  i am quite split on this issue but i voted `` yes '' . 
  as a programmer i am aware that e-voting can be made secure and can also be made in a way that everyone is able to verify it ( if he is willing to run a program for a couple of days on his computer ) . 
  on the other hand i am fully aware how complex this project is and i am 100 % sure that the government will fail at implementing it in a way that is hard to abuse ( maybe it will take 10 years before they clear out the problems ) . 
  however i voted yes because i believe this project will give serious boost to e-government that we desperately need starting with electronic identification . 
  i am not worried about abuse because i believe a small amount of people will vote this way and they can not abuse more votes than people participating in e-voting . 
  porn site ads for the voice of the people party are real . 
  i am sure you know about them but for the non-bulgarians out there this party was founded by a punk rock musician who speaks with a lot of puns with dirty context . 
  he got like 1 % of the votes on the last parliamentary elections and claims that his party is serious ( they have serious program and all ) . 
  supporters are mostly people who are against the traditional parties and fans of his music . 
  uhm ... no . 
  i 'll stick with the `` not real '' version , 
  probably but when they started it it was n't that urgent . 
  they are getting more serious about it now if the media reports are true . 
  corruption . 
  do n't forget [ this one ] ( http://e-vestnik.bg/imgs/portreti_politici_bg/boyko_borisov_premier1.jpg ), 
  immigration is the main issue in his campaign . 
  if he has overwhelming support this means that the american public agrees and that his proposed solutions should be implemented . 
  i do n't see how being given money is not payment . 
  also if most immigrants are not from syria how are they not coming for the money . 
  hell even if they are from syria why are they not staying in turkey where there is no war ? 
  if you get money for doing something i call this payment . 
  and yes i do in fact think they do this for 143 eur per month ( also food and shelter ) btw did n't they cut the amount of money recently ? 
  is this the new or the old value ? 
  of course . 
  if you make it to germany the german government gives you money . 
  my alt like another account ? 
  so as i said you support democracy unless people vote something you do n't like . 
  like trump whom you compare to dictators that killed millions ? 
  my alt ? 
  or stop paying them to come .
