  ok if you promise it is not shit i will look for it in stores . 
  is this the finish word for `` shit '' ? 
  interesting , i did n't know that . 
  do they sell under the lada brand anywhere outside russia ? 
  also are any renault ( or nissan as co-investor according to wikipedia ) parts or cars produced in lada factories ? 
  so what do we need to eat ? 
   teach us master !, 
  just as crappy ? 
  i wonder why i do n't see any new ladas around here if they are just as crappy as capitalism cars ( which i do see ) . 
  if they are just as crappy there should be some after all . 
  [ broken window fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) detected, 
  no , that 's typical russian government response . 
  flogging their own population to punish the rest of the world, 
  the core principle of the eu is just fine - free movement of people and goods . 
  i do n't know how we ended up with bureaucrats deciding how powerful our vacuum cleaners should be or if we will ban guns . 
  there were but when we blocked the roads the government sent the police to unblock it . 
  you can block for an hour or so but if you are the police you block until you get bored . 
  this is the essence but when non-policemen do it policemen come with their guns and chase the non-policemen . 
  in practice you can only protest if you have guns . 
  this is of course true but i am defending a stronger position . 
  if i think the private property is more important imagine what i think about the most important private property - one 's life . 
  yes but they are blocking everyone else from doing their business . 
  if everyone else does this they come and force people to stop blocking the roads . 
  well i am pretty sure that the money i work for and my employer voluntary gives to me in exchange for my work are my money . 
  they just have the means to take it from me ( namely weapons ) . 
  it is not like there are these money lying around that the state give to the police . 
  they take it from me . 
  this is not their property . 
  this is my property and they demand that i give it to them . 
  i do n't want the government to own things in the sense that people and corporations own things . 
  governments should only own things in the sense that nobody else owns them . 
  also i do n't want governments to be able to change the terms of what they own like they did in this case and finally i want people to be able to revert/ignore laws if there are enough people against the law and/or they are truly determined . 
  the people would have threatened them with weaponry if people had it ( ok it would probably take some time for things to escalate ) . 
  things goes like this - police blocks the roads extorting people to pay them money ( in the forms of benefits ) . 
  the people do n't have weapons so they are forced to pay . 
  if the people block the roads to remove the benefits the police comes with weapons and remove people from the roads . 
  i do n't see how you came to the conclusion that non-rich nations can never be free . 
  if there is somebody with weapons taking these nations ' wealth then they can never be free unless they change that somehow . 
  they had the support of the general population of the state of nevada and local politicians . 
  in fact there were calls for nevada to leave the union over this issue ( not very serious i guess ) . 
  the federal land was always free for usage by cattle and the government suddenly decided that it will collect taxes there . 
  it is not like the population agreed to this . 
  they overstepped their powers but were faced with opposition . 
  i live in bulgaria and just recently the police was protesting against budget cuts ( 20 monthly salaries upon retirement ) and blocked the streets . 
  the government had the support of the general public but was forced to pull the reforms back because it could n't send the police to remove the police when the police was blocking the roads . 
  yes , the people , at least the people of nevada , supported the bundies according to all the polls . 
  even local politicians supported them ( probably out of fear of not being elected if they did n't ) . 
  not sure about the general us population but i think the general public would support them as well . 
  hell , more than 50 % of americans support snowden according to polls but does the government care ? 
  no , because they have guns . 
  wealth is not defining for freedom but the ability to accumulate wealth is and has always been . 
  after all this is how absolute monarchies turned into relative democracies . 
  rich merchants did not agree to be treated as lower forms of people just because they did n't have titles . 
  basically yes , that is what i am advocating although you tried to put it in negative light i do thing the population should have the means to reject decisions of the government especially if the population is united ( like in this case ) . 
  if people who have guns are able to escalate violence to do what they want is a bad thing how is having a minority with guns a good thing ? 
  so police and army should be the only one to get what they want without any option for other people to counter them ? 
  if most people in a society disagree with the government ( or even the police ) how do they stop them ? 
  in fact you are correct - in the specific example i gave the people with guns ( the government ) were trying to impose their minority will on the population . 
  good thing the population was armed so they stood against them but this rare occurrence :( it used to be different in the past especially in the us . 
  unless your private property ( note that your body is your private property ) is protected you have no other freedoms . 
  the powers that be can just put you down economically . 
  if your private property is protected given enough time you can get all your other freedoms by accumulating capital ( maybe over several generations ) and use it to either campaign for these freedoms or even buy them ( bribes if you must ) . 
  in fact in history textbooks one of the requirements to define someone as a slave is the inability of the slave to own anything . 
  if he can have private property then he is just in debt and can accumulate money to buy his freedom . 
  it is irrelevant what you ban if crimes are done with illegal guns . 
  i do not live in a country where i can freely own guns so i ca n't show an example of this in my country but here is one from the us - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundy_standoff tl ; dr ; the government introduced a tax for feeding cattle on federal owned land . 
  the people disagreed and refused to pay . 
  when the government came to confiscate the cattle they came out with guns and there was several hours stand off . 
  it was not only the owners of the ranch but also neighbors and other supporters . 
  finally the government officials backed off as for the declaration i am fine with a declaration that we care many ( 50 ? ), 
  times more for private property than mentally ill people . 
  in fact i think private property is the most important manifestation of freedom and should be protected above everything else including human life . 
  it is precisely 0 % of incidents involved in this particular law since none of the guns used was legally owned and i am pretty sure aks are actually banned in france . 
  it is not about how realistic the scenario is . 
  free gun ownership is a declaration that society values private property more than the violator 's life and also that the power in the country belongs to the people and not to the tiny minority allowed to have guns . 
  question - are polish people ashamed by their euro commissioner ? 
  yeah but if europe keeps acting like now and does not apply stronger discrimination towards problematic minorities it will be forced to either become stalin 's russia or be overwhelmed when the problem becomes bad enough . 
  to be honest that 's exactly how it works in life , except that leftists will be upset . 
  i mean we do n't see many radicalized indians since enough of them were killed . 
  same goes for different peoples and minorities chased by nazis , communists , otoman turks , etc. 
  if you do n't mind killing enough people ( including innocent ones ) you can easily break whatever subpopulation you choose . 
  no problem . 
  they can be killed too . 
  note that by drawing the line they will also note much harder line between radical and normal muslims . 
  it is hard to do more when you are dead . 
  no problem . 
  killing them all will still work . 
  they can die convinced they are going to heaven , i have no problem with that . 
  yes , although i do n't know if i 'd call it punishment . 
  i mean in this case it will be increasing the rights of everyone else not reducing their rights and also if we introduce something against a particular religion it is not a collective punishment unless you choose to follow that religion . 
  i mean if you wear nazi symbols or deny the holocaust you can get in trouble in some countries in europe ( mostly germany ) . 
  why do we collectively punish the nazis ? 
  i do want that right . 
  i probably wo n't use it but for me it is extremely bad sign that we do n't have it . 
  i truly believe that unless your country is populated by japanese or at the very least germans the problems you describe are directly related to how much taxes you pay . 
  bureaucracy will grow as much as needed to consume all available resources . 
  if you want explanation about actual computers just say so , 
  turing is the father of computer science but this is more of an honorable title than actual beginning of things . 
  as with most significantly complex things cs was built on the shoulder of giants . 
  it was and still is a branch of mathematics and it split slowly but if we need to point to one person that 's definitely turing .
