  no help from this gif . 
  where i live practically all locks are [ disc tumbler locks . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disc_tumbler_lock ), 
  [ it does n't exist !, 
  kingdoms of amalur : reckoning . 
  i managed to get it from origin for 6,66 $, 
  standard fantasy but well made . 
  30hrs in and still liking the game . 
  i remember browsing wikipedia and coming across article about embalming . 
  it 's widespreat usage in north america was trulu bafling . 
  i thought that it was used just on egyptian mummies and communist leaders . 
  best game i 've seen this year . 
  had to turn on reddit just to make sere that everyone had seen the same as me . 
  jet set radio future has my all time favourite game soundtrack . 
  another good one is bastion , i havent played the game but its music was so widely praised that i looked it up . 
  it stants well on its own . 
  halo and total war series have also good soundtracks , but they work best with the games . 
  and they have a plan . 
  in smaller maps i ofter start with dmr and supressor . 
  it 's awesome in close quaters . 
  golden trail in fable and clairvoyance in skyrim . 
  it 's just so much more enjoyable to play without getting constanly lost . 
  yep it 's related to [ tribal wars ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heimosodat ) in which finnish adventurers supported rebellions inside soviet russia . 
  take firepower package and choose both dmr and assault rifle . 
  then press the y button to chance weapons . 
  thats depends on your play style thought . 
  i got dragon age on pc and never really used those tactical things . 
  seemed like boring micromanaging . 
  at one point it got little rough , i got past that by dowloading some modded gear . 
  i would say mods are reason to get da on pc instead of xbox . 
  if you are looking for stealt game get it . 
  but if you want action game with good plot , there are better options . 
  it 's awesome . 
  expecially this month , useful as i was working on the 5000 kills challenge . 
  in finland whites won the civil war at 1918 . 
  at that time russia was still in turmoil . 
  some finns wanted to take advantage of that and supported rebellions in soviet karelia . 
  endings are fine . 
  [ starchild ] ( / spoiler ) was annoying but it did n't ruin the game . 
  [ i do n't get people who say they do n't like the ending because none of them was happy . 
  there was one in which your current and potential enemies get destroyed , and another in which you became god . 
  what else can you wish for ? 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  mona lisa shepart was war hero who talked paragon . 
  but at big questions always thought how her choises would effect humanity 's chances of survival after reaper defeat . 
  she judged entire species to bee too potentially dangerous to excist . 
  such desisions weighed heavily on her mind but she will always do what is nessessary to protect humanity and other live in the galacy . 
  for ending i would have preverred big boss fights that ended with reapers destroyed . 
  but that would also have let massive fan backlash , about lack of choises and how earlier choises did n't matter . 
  if you had to have ending with choises , the ones in me3 were desent . 
  i agreed with catalyst that conflict between organics and synthetics is inevitable . 
  to me fight agains `` old machines '' had been main theme of mass effect . 
  all endings of me3 brought the confict to favorable finish . 
  i do n't understant people who complain about lack of happy ending . 
  i 've failed to find any match last few times i tried . 
  is finding quick match really this hard or do i have proplem with my system ? 
  thanks , my problem may have had something to do with dlc . 
  i reloaded all multiplayer dlc and now it 's working again . 
  it 's possibly on empire earth to have several players controlling same faction . 
  my brothers and i always played three humans vs ai games . 
  but nearly always 3 player controlled factions vs 3 ai controlled ones . 
  that way there were fewer arguments and at the end of the game you would see seperate stats for all of us . 
  to me it was choise between destroy and control . 
  destoy fulfils games coal . 
  wiping out reapers , and as bonus it 's also gets rid of that rogue ai that has been haunting normandy . 
  but catalyst makes good point about shallowness of this victory . 
  sooner or later new synthetics will be made and they will one day rebel . 
  with control shepard can became eternal protetor of organic live in the galacy . 
  for a moment i thought that this was, 
  they sold them in germany . 
  bought some from hamburg trailway station . 
  yes, 
  kushiel 's dart - jacqueline carey, 
  the forge - s.m. 
  stirling, 
  altought ai is on backround pulling strings . 
  i read the trilogy as dark and gritty fantasy . 
  then picked up best served cold and found myself constantly laughing at the wrong places for all that over the top action . 
  it was so confusing that i havent read anything abercrombie wrote since . 
  i remember liking memory , sorrow and thorn but thinking that you were cheap for releasing books with so little content . 
  only later i fount out that it was finnish publisher who had split trilogy into twelve parts . 
  '' if you plan to drive drunk , keep bottle of alcohol in the vehicle '', 
  ingenius !, 
  i was always sobering up befote reaching the afterparty but this takes care of that problem . 
  broken quest or badly timed events . 
  biggest immersion breaker for me happened in mass effect 2 :, 
  i had done all the loyalty missions and bought all the gear i needed . 
  then chose to head for omega relay . 
  on the way there shepard and the team randomly boarded shutle and went somewere . 
  normandy gets attacked . 
  shepard and the team return from their poitless shutle ride . 
  it made no sence and broke the immersion big way . 
  about 12, 
  too much stealth . 
  in deux ex : invisible war stealth was one of the options . 
  in deus ex : hr it feels that the game was build arount stealth . 
  that was the reason why i never finished hr . 
  your keyboad will look less silly , if you swap f \u00b4 s with normal letters . 
  i did n't notice any difference . 
  like you said both were wizards .
