  in addition to that , if you look closely you 'll notice that it 's actually patrick stewart in both roles . 
  here is the [ list . 
  conjuration is very good combat skill . 
  on my first playtrought i didnt even carry weapons arount , bound sword/bow were enough . 
  dremora lord or couple of thralls make also very good allies . 
  that italian olive oil industry is controlled by mafia . 
  nothing . 
  jedi and sith are just different philosophies . 
  code of the sith :, 
  peace is a lie , there is only passion . 
  through passion , i gain strength . 
  through strength , i gain power . 
  through power , i gain victory . 
  through victory , my chains are broken . 
  the force shall free me . 
  jedi code, 
  there is no emotion , there is peace . 
  there is no ignorance , there is knowledge . 
  there is no passion , there is serenity . 
  there is no chaos , there is harmony . 
  there is no death , there is the force . 
  first non-manga author is, 
  elizabeth moon 14, 
  everyone likes playing games with protagonist they can easily relate . 
  being white male that 's easiest type of character for me to relate . 
  i might be less inclined to buy game with different protagonist . 
  game companies know this , and because white males are biggest target audience that is also what protagonist will usually be . 
  biggest gaming overreaction i have seen . 
  ending was typical bioware ending with few different choices . 
  i read ranting about the ending before playing the game and it ruined me3 for me . 
  [ rayman junior ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rayman_junior ) as a kid really liked it . 
  buy from red market . 
  a.k.a russian truck drivers . 
  i thing many bored history enthusiastics can be found at [alternatehistory.com ] ( http://www.alternatehistory.com/ ), 
  my human characters are named :, 
  first one who understands what 's this is all about gets a cookie . 
  please drill, 
  realised that finnish libraries now have games . 
  been playing fifa 2012 and motogp 2009/10 . 
  thursday first gold exractions . 
  friday first platinium exractions . 
  at friday met two micked people in gold game . 
  they were using, 
  i had just earlier got that character and desieded to give it a try . 
  i was busy randomly assingnig points and missed some of what they were saying but i got that they wanted two juggernauts set defence with shields and melee everything . 
  as the game went on i was starting to thing that juggernaut was seriously overhyped because enemies took ages to go down . 
  it was only at the exraction i realised we had been playing at platinium . 
  * raises hand . 
  i prefer drinking my tea hot , but if it 's gone cold it doesnt bother me . 
  its just some unsweet juice . 
  embalming . 
  i thought it was just for mummies and communist dictators , it was big suprise that embalming is widely used in todays north america . 
  throw eggs on the floor , throw tv on the floor , throw stones at old lady . 
  vorstag for vanilla followers . 
  also wyndelius gatharian makes best possible trall . 
  roobois vanilla tea bag . 
  absolute monarchy with me as ruler . 
  i quit playing dragon age for half a year because deep roads were so monoteous . 
  picked it up later and managed get trough that part of the game . 
  ok game otherwise . 
  it 's same for dragon age 2 . 
  after my first death in deep roads i thought `` no this shit again . '', 
  and quit playing . 
  should probably five it second change too . 
  yep , no campaing co-op . 
  though online passes are indeed free now . 
  about the multiplayer : there is no splitsreen . 
  but if you got, 
  two xboxes with gold , there is no need to buy two games because me3 comes in two cd 's witch both can lauch multiplayer . 
  ssx, 
  just finished my 10th platinium game and i would say that i prefer it over gold . 
  i only play platinium with friends and it 's rarity . 
  more enemies . 
  more teamwork . 
  more credits . 
  it starts to get little monotous thought . 
  if i had full manifest and had gone trough platinium enought times , i might like playing more of silver/gold for variety and fun . 
  to continue theme of these other `` nice stories '' here 's one about bicycle trip . 
  it was middle of night and i was bicycling home after spending night with my friends . 
  i was using my brothers bike and did n't remember that it 's front brake was broken . 
  i crashed into the ditch . 
  there was boulder in said ditch , which i hit face first . 
  blood . 
  almost lost an eye . 
  managed to call 112 and crawl into side of the road before passing out . 
  now i got huge scar as memento of that night . 
  dungeons that have alignment for specific god have best loot . 
  there is message at the start of those dungeons . 
  there is also / r/ascend maybe you guys should combine your efforts ? 
  i wanted the ascend for tree differed god achievement as soon as possible and chose accordingly . 
  at least you can choose whenever you quit the dungeon or not . 
  server problems instead ... 
  yesterday i tried 6 times to finish dungeon with four levels . 
  i even tried just dashing past enemies to reach the end . 
  after doing other thing for a while and ascending desieded to give it a final try . 
  i fought till the end and actually managed to get outside . 
  but it was not to be . 
  ten meters from dungeon exit comes server problems , after rebooting i found myself at beginning of the same old dungeon . 
  well at least i got to keep all the souls and gear i unintentionally farmed this way . 
  no need to have all the emblems .
