  all the retarded shit i have n't see since ttk launch is back . 
  year one weapons , blick shotgunners , thorn . 
  you should have kept those at the top level and let the rest of us have fun . 
  same here . 
  this also makes me shake my head when people ask for more loot . 
  i do n't want to spent even more time managing my inventories . 
  i was already blaming cbmm for everything that 's now wrong in the crusible but as others have pointed out maybe it 's the division . 
  next few week will tell . 
  as a average player i do n't like these changes . 
  same amount of lag but less balance . 
  i liked playing other players who were on the same level as me . 
  this new crusible experience is no fun . 
  this issue is made worse by lack of any merchants selling primary synth . 
  nowadays if i ran out of primary ammo outside of raid , i will use heavy synth and switch to my machine gun . 
  yeah , but not everyone runs raid that often . 
  there should be some other way to get them . 
  i gameshare with my brother and i consider the ability to play multiplayer games simultaneously the best part of current system . 
  if the microsoft suddently ` fixed ' the system and required us to buy second copy i would be really upset . 
  what exactly do you mean by physical to digital transfer ? 
  because i can pick up my external hd , put it on my brother 's xbox , transfer games and they should work fine . 
  vanquish and bastion, 
  i can play . 
  i think it 's friends first then geo-based . 
  i see lot of north europeans in my tower . 
  i have killed hm oryx twice and my best ll is 319 . 
  no complains here !, 
  if you bought taken king less than week ago look into [ refer-a-friend ] ( https://www.bungie.net/en/help/article/13962 ) for bonus quest . 
  post asking for linked friend would likely get several replies at / r/fireteams . 
  you would get the quest and experienced player to play with . 
  in addition to deeds of pakesenarrion and the traitor baru cormorant i 'll recomment :, 
  guns of the dawn by adrian tchaikovsky, 
  and, 
  sasha by joel shepherd, 
  it [ looks like ] ( https://www.origin.com/en-fi/store/buy/dragon-age-inquisition/pc-download/base-game/digital-deluxe-edition ) that origin access on pc does n't have goty edition but digital deluxe edition instead . 
  that being said , i hope that they put the dai goty on the console vault oneday . 
  today is my last day of ea access and i just finished dai . 
  goty edition would definetly make me purhase little more of that . 
  dragon age inquisition in the ea access dose n't have any dlc . 
  if da : i is only game you are interested it might be better to get goty edition instead . 
  what about luftwaffe naval units , like those used on einsatzstab f\u00e4hre ost ? 
  were they created for the same reason ? 
  the whole feed thing is annoying . 
  i wish i could turn it completly off . 
  im in !, 
  that 's a good list , here is few more series i would call quality . 
  * imperial radch by ann leckie, 
  * the subterrene war by t.c. 
  mccarthy, 
  * vatta 's war by elizabeth moon, 
  still not part of interrail thought . 
  in 2013 me and my friend realised that only after buying ferry from helsinki to tallinn . 
  in tallinn we also found out that there were no trains going to riga . 
  luckily bus connections between baltic states are cheap and confortable . 
  what 's a good software for checking computer temperatures ? 
  g700 looks little bit more like a normal mouse . 
  i managed to get mine for 47 $ . 
  i 've been using it for about a week and i like the size and the feel . 
  my only complain is the battery life , basically it needs to be plugged in after every day of gaming . 
  randompls . 
  too bad that it does n't have controller support . 
  mods are needed for quality control . 
  turning / r/destinythegame into another / r/destinymemes would serve nobody . 
  good changes , i hope that this will lead to more variety in crusible . 
  in finland it would be aggravated assault . 
  the punishment being imprisonment for least one year and maximum of ten years . 
  interesting , i had different experience . 
  it seemed pretty awerage and i dropped it after the second episode . 
  yeah i 'm looking forward to this . 
  during it my destiny clan will also be playing halo 5 . 
  since about half of us lacked halo 5 , it hasa n't been real option before . 
  log in . 
  button is in top left corner . 
  i think speech synthesis will have huge inpact for modding games . 
  voice acted skyrim mods are rare and it 's hard to get it right . 
  i think that by the time the elder scrolls vi comes out this bottleneck will be removed . 
  tomorrow morning i will be picking mine up from the post office . 
  i could use that card . 
  my brother has weared down couple controllers like that . 
  while my controllers have no wear even thought i have more play time . 
  interesting , i 've never actually done this quest . 
  it 's not automatic war in nato either and military aid is n't mandatory . 
  actual text of article 5 . 
   article 5, 
   the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
   any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the security council . 
  such measures shall be terminated when the security council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security . 
  [ / r/piracy quide for dowloading ebooks from irc . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/piracy/comments/2oftbu/guide_the_idiot_proof_guide_to_downloading_ebooks/ ), 
  19 sep 2016 `` dtg sub day -  equip glowhoo + sign of the finite '', 
  nope . 
  over 1000 hours in destiny and no broken controllers . 
  thought that time is distributed across several controllers . 
  my used xbox one come with two controllers , and i also have lunar white and the elite controller . 
  i just went first time flawless with these two . 
  i came here to leave feedback and was supriset to see that / u/uniquk does n't have sherpa card , that was also very good sherpaing . 
  did my first flawless run with / u/starkador and / u/uniquk, 
  skilled and knowledgeable player . 
  would recommed for those who wish to get better at crusible and can handle criticism . 
  keep it , put be prepared to pay the amount back if they notice their error . 
  and it really is `` if '' small discrepancies can go unnoticed .
