  were n't we all neutral but hitler invaded anyways ? 
  for me even people that are considered hot are for me not . 
  there are exceptions of course but they are far between . 
  about equal levels really . 
  for some reason i have a less than average liking for latino looks . 
  that 's the only difference i can think of . 
  if not for this thread and one on r/history , i would n't have known about it so no ? 
  polls from a year ago was 70,9 % against and 19,2 % pro . 
  if anyone was curious . 
  aftenposten is often mentioned too in this context but i do n't read it often enough to see it 's biases like i notice in other papers so ca n't vouch for it personally . 
  once a weekish passing me by on the road . 
  yeah . 
  republican party is even further right . 
  i would say they are more right than center . 
  ** winter olympics ** country | gold | silver | bronze | total -- | -- | -- | -- | -- norway | 118 | 111 | 100 | 329 austria | 59 | 78 | 81 | 218, 
  so the grass coast of the grass sea . 
  i am norsk , but i am also a nordmann . 
  is the word you were looking for demonym ? 
  we have the biggest mountains . 
  just sayin ', 
  extrajudicial killings through drone strikes happens so not sure being born in the us counts for as much as it used to . 
  schools are staggered but workers just pick when to have it . 
  we have a time called the common vacation which is the time when most have their vacation and when the country basically grinds to a holt as a result . 
  no special privileges for anyone that does n't reciprocate . 
  my guess is you would learn norwegian instead of danish . 
  that 's about it . 
  not sure , i just remember it being hilarious . 
  on one hand it sounds like what someone insulted would say on the other hand he would offend others of this ` pure race ' stuff so could be either . 
  who uses slut as an insult anyways . 
  `` yeah , you like lots of sex you weirdo . '', 
  no , the loss of greenland and iceland still hurts . 
  then there are those that feel nationality is genetic . 
  like that oddball that came to r/norway and was sure women in norway would want him for his pure genes . 
  or those that seem shocked over not getting passport in x country due to genes . 
  not saying you are wrong just that you have those kind of people throwing a wrench into what could/should really just be a different way of saying something . 
  so scandinavian, 
  is dutch a second language to you then or are both native languages ? 
  few times a month , around 300-500 grams over several eatings due to leftovers and such . 
  i do n't baller hate , i baller appreciate . 
  please tell me that 's at least paid time off . 
  being able to say a few sentence in my language is n't about respect for me . 
  i do n't think it will teach them about my culture to know a few words or even a few phrases . 
  not staying at a hotel , talking to a local no matter what language or going to a museum will teach them much more . 
  i do n't expect anyone to speak english by the way . 
  if you move here then yes , but then it 's a key to the bigger picture , a key that a tourist would never need or able to get as they do n't have the time to collect all the pieces to make it useful enough . 
  not sure if that last bit makes sense but it sure sounds pretty in my head . 
  maybe it 's small country thing . 
  i do n't understand why you would want to learn my language if you are n't staying and when we can communicate much more fluently in english . 
  30min paid lunch, 
  do n't like it , stars are overused . 
  too much going on . 
  then again there 's few flags i like . 
  yarr , this be the general consensus of crew . 
  it 's full of pointless pleasantries . 
  i do n't care about random person and do n't know them well enough to talk about interesting topics so it just feels like a waste of time . 
  thai , chilean , british , polish , philippines , danish ( though you would n't known unless told ) estonian, 
  discworld . 
  the last samuel vines one probably . 
  open fasces sandwich with some sort of p\u00e5legg is the extent to generalising i can do . 
  currently for me i 'm on a baconcheese binge . 
  not at all, 
  there are only 1200 or so jews in norway . 
  i doubt i have met any of them though i ca n't really know . 
  religion is a private matter . 
  did she speak swedish or norwegian ? 
  i almost posted with that in the title due to spellcheck so there 's that . 
  lakes . 
  stuff is done to it , not sure what , but it keeps it nice and clean . 
  only on rare occasions have we had to boil the water before drinking but there was some reason and i remember that it was n't needed but to be on the safe side sort of advice . 
  ah , the official one . 
  i forget that exists . 
  i use third party app . 
  what app uses logos ? 
  yeah , the piece is called n\u00f8kken but he 's a fiddler for us aswell . 
  [ n\u00f8kken ] ( https://mikkeblog.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/ng-kh-b-03202.jpg ), 
  aww , i was hoping for a good looking rifle . 
  i fucking hate summer daylight thing . 
  living in stavanger i get 16 hours of daylight the rest of the day is different types of dusk never night . 
  once , my car got stolen and i was told to call the non emergency number . 
  same person picked up but they wanted to keep emergency lines as free as possible . 
  only 20 % are pro joining . 
  we are n't joining any time soon . 
  people already doing a job that others would need a degree to be hired from usually do n't need one as they are judged on experience and so forth . 
  if they want to apply for a new one they can get letters of recommendations from all sorts and their long work record will speak for themselves . 
  someone starting on bare ground however would need courses or schooling similar to those explained by others . 
  dothey learn the language ? 
  do they integrate and follow the law ? 
  then welcome . 
  if i do drink it 's 0,5 l at a time . 
  im guessing this is semi trolling question but i will answer anyways . 
  in a hierarchy of geography knowledge importance i think states are below countries . 
  if they make up lies i will defend my country and try to correct if i know things about it . 
  that is about the limits to my patriotism . 
  no , i ca n't go around being bothered by things i can not do anything about or i 'm responsible for . 
  third most sold ev in norway and nicer looking than the competition but also pricier . 
  of course not . 
  we both handsome . 
  we richer , younger and handsome . 
  just look at those all natural mountains and deep fjords . 
  42000 $ a year - ish ?
