  for that last part do you feel the same for a vote to join the eu too ? 
  immigrants until permanent citizens, 
  a fun culture , though i think the swiss one might be more in line with what i want . 
  entertainment industry , love for more places to produce entertainment on a large scale . 
  cons , when i was younger i was jealous of conventions like pax and comics etc. 
  norway uses lots of wooden houses and wedo n't have issues with insulation at all . 
  remembered this thread as soon as i saw the article, 
  my cousin is and a few friends i know are . 
  they are just norwegians to me, 
  netflix, 
  dictatorship or i 'm not doing the job . 
  fuck arguing with congress . 
  can anyone tell i 'm not fit for leadership yet ? 
  do n't have clubs, 
  mexican food or thai, 
  one we undemocratically joined . 
  sometimes they are all `` lord bigglesworth the fifth '' other times it 's `` https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/f/f3/demoman_gibberish05.wav?t=20100625231507 '' they got a wide range of dialects . 
  the things i disagree with him on he is doing the things i agreed with him on he is not doing . 
  other than that he is still the same . 
  french : met very few as their non speak english ways keeps them all in their own sphere of language . 
  french servers and the like . 
  have met 3 i think that spoke english . 
  i have probably met more but they wrote english so you ca n't tell . 
  super rare to meet . 
  germans : used to be a lot like the french in the language ways and never spoke english . 
  you would encounter these guys in english places trying to force the rest of us to speak german . 
  made me have slight resentment against them back in the day but these days they are just players like the rest . 
  rare to encounter though dutch : speaks english with an accent . 
  uhm . . they are dutch ? 
  there is very little to say about them as a whole , do n't feel foreign like others might . 
  common encounter rate . 
  brits : often pops off to make a cup of tea . 
  speaks english well . 
  common encounter rate . 
  swedes : you meet a lot more of these than danes for some reason . 
  we can talk scandinavian to each other or english and when we are all lumped into the same russian infested server that does n't do english i tend to band together of exchange banter with them . 
  my favourite is still me and 2 swedes domination at space marine match . 
  flat pack tactical . 
  danes : i do n't know why but these fuckers are rare . 
  i might have met more dutch than danes in games . 
  russians : always on mic of bad quality . 
  if you play any sort of game without dedicated servers these are the people you will encounter because low ip closeness . 
  i appreciate people that try to speak english but 90-95 % of them do n't speak anything but russian . 
  finland : dane level of rarity . 
  not much can be said about them other than thankfully the speak english and i can communicate with them . 
  i always appreciate that in a person . 
  americans : 100-150 ping and foreign but at the same time familiar . 
  does n't do banter too well but are in general nice . 
  do n't play with as many due to the ping they have to suffer or i have to suffer if playing with them which can ruin lot of games . 
  they talk a lot more than us but i think that 's just down to being used to game with people that actually understand you . 
  had great convoys with them because of it . 
  other countries : i 've never heard them speak or known where they were from so i might have encountered people from your country without knowing but do not feel like i have a big enough sample size to make any judgement on it . 
  my current employer and if i wanted to , forever . 
  actually , i want to move so for as long as i feel is right . 
  ( i want to move away . ), 
  i 'm grateful to the people that helped get my job so i do n't want to leave and make them feel like i was a bad investment for them . 
  gots to have fjords, 
  ginger beer !, 
  cold , in the summer it 's just perfect . 
  r/europe made me feel less european this place does n't . 
  sure , my main issue is how things are done not unions . 
  i wish there was more of a culture for it so there were more kinds of guns to shoot at ranges but the laws are ok . 
  none , it 's cool old stuff that 's all . 
  if i started taking care of it personally then i would have some pride . 
  i do n't , i do n't hate it either its just a thing . 
  they are terrible at using the search function . 
  do n't care . 
  it 's a movie about a comic book character . 
  it has about as much to do with norse mythology as movie physics got with real physics . 
  the first one was kind of meh . 
  it is bad ass and awesome at the start with massive battle and shit then the last boss is a robot he fights in utah or something ? 
  talk about going from 11 to like a tepid 4 . 
  told me to come down to the station , second time was `` already been notified of this '' . 
  both times were non emergency calls . 
  good and good, 
  serves you right . 
  give back greenland and faroe . 
  1814 never forget . 
  this has been asked before just days ago . 
  we see you guys killing each other enough to realise we do n't want you here . 
  just imagine what an american youth could do if they got into our schools . 
  should include where they answer from then ( so should people with non explaining flairs like the eu one ) . 
  if so then it 's a totally legit reason to answer as they bring relevant info and not some r/askreddit style `` not x , but ... '' to the table . 
  i tried to google some before i answered to make sure i got the island names right but had to use phone so it was halfassed answer but at least not a wrong one . 
  same reason you do n't put ketchup in jars . 
  it 's a condiment not a spread . 
  hehe , why ? 
  vikings on orkney is the only one i can think of, 
  it comes in a tube and in boxes . 
  tubes is not weirder for us than americans getting mayo in jars or canadians milk in bags . 
  as a subtopic of major topics if relevant . 
  example : ww2 , you would be part of that major topics . 
  america in itself is not a historical topic we learned about . 
  a sub i enjoyed got taken over by tourists so i get miffed when i see them on here . 
  mostly i just ignore but every once in a while i ca n't suppress the asshole in me and just be a decent person so i end up commenting passive aggressively . 
  a tourist agency . 
  if you are already here they know about these things and can tell you everything and even got free literature about the local area . 
  feel like superbowl is a one off event not full on nfl . 
  personally of of the league mentioned i would have guessed nhl to be the largest of the yank leagues . 
  compared to all others they do n't get above . . sperregrensen of sport relevance .
