  im to lazy to translate that one . 
  not really, 
  hehehehe , brownie points . 
  last time i `` tipped '' was when i just did n't want stupid coin change back . 
  those are extreme trump like comments ruled by emotion and non logic so yes they would be . 
  lets face it no sane person wants war . 
  telling you vote for someone no , i do n't see that as a problem but i would personally never say because even though vote for party x i do n't agree with them on 100 % of their issues . 
  too much politics however will get annoying like too much of anything and will just make you end up unfriended or muted like parents who ca n't stop posting pictures of their kids , people who spam game invites or are nothing but gloomy/negative . 
  social media is not a soapbox but a way for people to keep in contact with others mostly . 
  they do n't want to be reminded of things they do n't like or want to . 
  does this make sense ? 
  accepted i would say . 
  if people had an issue with what you said then it would be what you said and not that it was political . 
  then again i do n't facebook so the social standards on this might have changed . 
  to me it 's more of knowing where the answer to the question is answered from . 
  i know one with a eu flair writes two countries which makes it seem like the flair is a placeholder for dual citizens . 
  the eu flag is a useless one in itself as it tells you nothing about where someone is from so why add even more useless ones ? 
  i think i might be more proficient in english as in norwegian i tend to write dialect so proper written norwegian takes a dive . 
  no , i do n't tip . 
  if i get a price for x and feel it 's done well i will return , my return business and is my tip . 
  if you are really good i will recommend you to friends . 
  prefer uncircumcised but a good dick is a good dick . 
  i 've seen cut that are nicer than some uncut and vice versa . 
  was recently there so got a 8 pack for a few # . 
  sucked seeing the price half and even more cheaper than what i was used to . 
  i do n't eat a lot of chocolate but it 's nice to have the selection for when you want it . 
  not really . 
  my guess is that peanut butter not really being that big of a thing , like it is in the us , candy makers never made the connection . 
  ben and jerry 's reese 's cup flavour ice cream is thing but reese 's being owned by hershey and we having 0 hershey products it 's not really an imported good like ben and jerry 's is . 
  reese 's , you can get them in candy stores but it being smaller batch import item they are stupidily overpriced . 
  i do n't and beyond netflix and hbo i do n't care about tv . 
  even those two i do n't keep my subscription year round . 
  everyday just like black people . 
  everyday i 'm guessing , it 's too normal of a thing to walk around remembering . 
  my guess it seems popular on the english internet . 
  and that 's probably because americans are the majority group on the english speaking internet . 
  personally i do n't seek out any us outlet because i have my own national news agencies to read and the bbc . 
  other than that no , you keep your policies and we keep ours . 
  different cultures , different needs . 
  swede shoes . 
  those blue pullover bags you put on your shoes to keep from having to take dirty shoes on and off . 
  never heard of it . 
  reddit is probably the only place i would hear about it but i heavily filter all sport subs . 
  my gut says venstre but it 's not set in stone . 
  yepp , not being wholeheartedly pro eu can feel the same sometimes . 
  after the brexit vote this was massively so . 
  it was as if every pro eu person was personally offended by the vote and now any dissenting opinion had to pay . 
  fucking hate it, 
  0 , unless you are moving here i just do n't see why . 
  https://www.krf.no/ the norwegian one , can probably use google translate to get the gist of it . 
  oh god no . 
  does n't autoplay french national anthem , 8/10 . 
  norwegian election in september too . 
  your right , that i 'd kind of close . 
  after basic school ( grade 10 ) you pick what you want to do . 
  the main ones are further study for prepping to uni or vocational training . 
  at vocational you do 2 or 3 years of school depending on what you want to be then apprenticeship . 
  for those that have 2 years they apprentice for 2.5 years before taking a final test . 
  the 3 years people do 1.5 years of apprenticeship before a test to get certified . 
  alternatively you can work as an apprentice for 5 years with some classes and then take the test . 
  this is more for people over 25 . 
  i 'd say tradition is in a lot of cases stupid . 
  it 's like that because we have always done that is not a good base for anything . 
  no , even if not the policies the people in the party just seem like assholes . 
  mostly because of policies though . 
  merging of municipalities and counties . 
  it was meant to be voted on and voluntary but there are municipalities that voted no and are in the middle of two others that voted yes so they are forcing them all to merge . 
  the counties merging had the problems of names . 
  places all know and demonym of people will change in fucky ways . 
  oh and it seems the political parties agreed on merging but how so it 's all fun and games . 
  that should be the norm for any question . 
  the only thing i can think of that comes close is rogaland . 
  the drop in oil prices made lots of layoffs happen so we have a fairly big unemployment rate compared to the rest . 
  for us it 's just a readjustment period going on . 
  new business , people moving around etc. 
  a changing of focus . 
  i. . this is what germans are to us . 
  caravan driving people that bring their own food because we are expensive . 
  some good , some knows words not the language do there is a lot of pointing and guessing . 
  i like accents so i notice new ones easily and feel i got a decent grasp on native and non native accents . 
  there is no reason pizza should be male or a door is female but it is and you just have to learn by using . 
  part of science , everything from general puberty hygiene , puberty changesyou , how to masturbate , sex and babies . 
  12-13 ish for me . 
  i think earlier now and there is a show on youtube now done by the norwegian broadcasting company for even younger kids . 
  remember it causing a stir fro other countries on how it was to early to teach kids etc. 
  the nrk responded by adding english subtitles . 
  ask whatever , get answers was the name of the game . 
  get up , grind beans , drive to work , make coffee with beans , drink coffee while reading my ` check once a day ' subs . 
  that 's rich coming from the country that stole greenland , faroe islands and iceland from us !, 
  pro eu is another , most being in the eu that is n't strange though . 
  driveby skiing is my preferred term for this . 
  no , i want to understand you not have some fake pride in you saying my country name in my horrid language . 
  call it the `` the not finland bread part of the sweden sandwich '' , long as i understand you all is good . 
  not far but a fair distance for me and i would take train , buss or plane instead if there was no need for me to drive . 
  big selection but not without proper gun laws . 
  try making one thread including all three questions next time . 
  i agree to some degree , natural growth is the best . 
  the eu crisis . 
  just sort of happened, 
  i do n't see why everyone seem to want to unite areas all over the place .
