  sooo goood, 
  mark as in mark in utmark/innmark . 
  which loosely translated ` wilderness ' or ` the wilds ', 
  https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b8dekake if you want to read more . 
  jewcakes are named so because they were made by jewish people . 
  they are called `` jewish butter cookies '' but we just shorted that to jewcakes . 
  kind of how we say chinafood instead of chinese food here in norway . 
  not meant offensive but sounds like it to people who are not used to it . 
  we follow more eu directives than most member states . 
  think malta beat us last time i checked ( ages ago now ), 
  uncle in washington, 
  loss of greenland and iceland, 
  depends on why they want to learn . 
  my heritage , nope . 
  genuine interest then sure . 
  yes heritage can be genuine interest but tend to be very biased one or full of stereotypes . 
  hate or love us , i dont care , as long as its for the right reasons . 
  clearly failing . 
  i spent s good solid 30min , get on my electrical interest level and be a winner !, 
  people with chronic pain or with a different time schedule to the norm . 
  i know i would love normal stores to be open when i used to be a night owl, 
  taking my info from non hollywood sources and from more than one place to get a more balanced view . 
  see through the things that are lies or propaganda . 
  i tried to educate myself on issues i did n't know enough about . 
  heard different viewpoints than the ones i held . 
  hating blindly did n't help me or anyone else . 
  know i am as full of bias as the next person . 
  i saw that one store at least ran out of warm clothing this summer due to badly dressed tourist buying it all . 
  foreskin too tight is the layman 's term aka the only one i remember . 
  yes just disagreeing that the majority part of turkey is in europe . 
  `` it accounts for 3 % of turkey 's land area , while the other 97 % of turkey is located on the anatolian peninsula , geographically in western asia '' honestly surprised it was that much . 
  then again i 'm terrible at gauging length/sizes . 
  maybe that 's more recent ? 
  i know of guys with it all off that did it for medical reasons . 
  you mean minority part ? 
  my conservative view is that european side stops at the bosphorus strait . 
  and medical reasons, 
  it was mandatory for like 8 years then another 3 years in vocational training . 
  we get this question a lot and seeing how a simple search would have shown you that here is an alternative answer : i say why stop there ? 
  how about sharks in the water . 
  lightning if outside . 
  death by cars if near traffic . 
  cancer . 
  the economy collapsing . 
  natural disasters . 
  brain hemorrhage !, 
  no , when i think english i think english . 
  even norwegian things will get anglofied . 
  my municipality sometimes text us but it 's not local events more municipality related stuff . 
  water shutting down in area x for repairs etc. 
  if not atm i can go to a store , buy something and say `` and i want to take out x monies '' and then i get cash . 
  it 's like a fancy way of getting change . 
  1 cents per kwh . 
  no glass or oil . 
  63 cents per m ^ 3, 
  happy wedding anniversary then !, 
  me personally , not at all . 
  lots of other people do however . 
  not like it 's not a thing here . 
  not unless it 's news worthy . 
  some enjoy life , some enjoy melonless distopian futures . 
  why not use uk english ? 
  that 's what i use and ca n't say ive noticed any weirdness, 
  odd , in our `` learn a trade '' schools you have english as one of the standard classes . 
  but we learn english from grade one now so maybe we differ there aswell ? 
  this is not r/planmytripforme . 
  if they can afford the trip they can afford a travel agent , if not that they can try to use google ( something it often seem like they do n't ) i 'm sure there are tourist subs they can ask there . 
  it 's one of the reasons i stopped going to r/europe . 
  i thought this place was above it but it is n't as i 've seen in recent months . 
  not mass down votes yet but it 's in cases non rude comments that are n't pro eu are in the negatives . 
  it 's ok to mention that others are against the eu or that there are eu sceptics but if you mention you are then it 's less ok it seems . 
  luckily i 'm norwegian so we have `` oil '' as our reason for not joining so i can only imagine how people from other countries must get even more shit than me as automatically being a racist got thrown around a lot on r/europe after the vote . 
  your score seem to have improved in the last hours though from -1 or -2 that it was on so maybe there is hope ? 
  379nok it 's a contract that i pay every month and they gim me my thing every month . 
  if i find a better price i change . 
  i do n't do binding for x time contracts 12gig not sure about speed they just say no limits on speed unless i hit my data limit . 
  tethering not being legal seems so weird . 
  it is legal yes no limit or anything because my phone my choice what i use it for . 
  unlimited unlimited yes e : tested my internet it was at 98mbps, 
  no thanks, 
  it odd , i felt like this change happened super fast . 
  think brexit made some people feel personally offended and now the eu sceptical = downvote happens more than before . 
  spray paint . 
  see all those nasty tagged walls ? 
  you welcome, 
  the government , i do n't know each and every american to know if i dislike or like most of them . 
  nope , if it was n't for the superbowl drowning my front-page from time to time i would n't be able to name one team . 
  no one got shot , 6/freedom, 
  a joke, 
  i ca n't answer that , but i believe you are a troll and this is just some trolling meta thing . 
  `` then why answer '' you might ask and most of the times i do n't when i see who is posting . 
  this might be genuine and i 've been wrong before ( it happens quite often ) so i figured why not . 
  i guess me thinking you are a troll might be an indication about how your opinions and way they are said seem to some people . 
  some are a bit erdogan skinned towards banter . 
  some , not all . 
  we used a few to play painball in a few times . 
  any sort of sketchy move is called this where i 'm at . 
  tried to explain it but it 's more see it in action and you will understand sort of thing i think . 
  the four greats henrik ibsen ( 1828 -- 1906 ) playwright , theatre director , and poet who introduced theatrical realism to the norwegian stage . 
  bj\u00f8rnstjerne bj\u00f8rnson ( 1832 -- 1910 ) novelist , dramatist and playwright who became the first norwegian nobel laureate .
