  you forgot , `` pick one country to live in other than your own/what 's your favourite country except your own '', 
  two and a half months . 
  soldiers : seeing how there are many they are varied . 
  some are assholes , some are people with no other option , some do it because they think it 'd their duty . 
  military itself : sometimes it 's hard to feel like we are all the good guys when we are allied with you . 
  are you helping people to learn english ? 
  if so that might be why you do n't see many of us . 
  they tend to be younger people that enjoy cars and driving around aimlessly . 
  shitty car mods are not unusual neither is loud music of the house genre . 
  e-numbers identify food additives that have been shown to be safe and officially approved for use in food across the eu . 
  could be worse , could also be full of danes . 
  i was taught be but i change the way i speak very easily so depends on what i have heard most recently . 
  weird having to explain why i have german accented english just because i talk to germans that speak english all day long . 
  most do n't believe me because they have heard me with irish , american and whatever other accent i had in me that day . 
  say yippee kai yay instead of pip pip cheerio . 
  that will piss them off . 
  i 've gotten some of that hate mail too . 
  because no matter what your thoughts on the government it is one . 
  compare the us to all countries and it probably wo n't rank among the 50 % that need help . 
  actual help . 
  these questions are getting stupid . 
  if things actually get bad then we will see but just like the person that asked if we would grant asylum to americans because of trump . 
  no , because you are a first world country and compared to almost any other county not in a bad situation at all . 
  if there was a list of countries in need of help the us would be low on it along with all other first world countries . 
  both our countries are guilty of fucking over the situation in other countries more and diverting money from fixing that to soothe your hurt election feelings makes us all look like entitled bastards . 
  i 'm going to take a wild guess and pick copyright as one reason of probably many . 
  if not the show itself then the music used in it or some other thing . 
  no one wants to spend extra money on licensing music for use with a larger audience if it 's not going to be watched by that larger audience . 
  three , it 's something about thr sound that messed with my mouth . 
  country of origin only i think . 
  could n't find anything on ssb.no but it 's early and i 'm on my phone so in sure i could have fucked up somewhere . 
  a more gun loving culture but with a swiss approach . 
  yes , they are called navere . 
  the institution that control welfare payouts and help find jobs is called nav do the name for them derived from that . 
  no worries , we do n't think highly enough of swedish opinions to have any feeling about them . 
  after ww2 one party gained a majority so big they could do a lot of things like create a lot of changes that benefits us to this day . 
  i would say that is a contender for golden age . 
  i never use cash . 
  nettby and blink were two large ones before but they closed down after facebook became a thing . 
  think i heard he deleted it because he was embarrassed afterwards . 
  getting safer and not uncommon but not having bike lanes all over probably stops lots from biking so there could be more . 
  i do n't want more until bike lanes though . 
  european , not really . 
  like someone mentioned though it depends on who i talk to at times . 
  ok , never carry cash myself so i 'm curious how often others do . 
  is cash still used a lot in germany ? 
  you can take up a loan and give me that money if you want . 
  i know you would n't expect such an unselfish act from people on the internet but i always felt you should help out if you can . 
  ignore and move on . 
  things more worried about traveling questions as i do n't want them to become the norm . 
  so far they are n't even remotely the norm , but i 've seen it happen to another sub so i 'm not a big fan of them . 
  there are none , tallest building we have is 117meters and it needs to be taller than 150 to be called a skyscraper . 
  some have applied to build but none have been allowed so far . 
  i prefer it to summer so i guess i 'm just a special kind of person . 
  and on computer at least it comes with a ruler thing to measure with . 
  it gives off a `` i want to come to your country to escape a situation ( which is n't all that bad in the grand scheme ) . 
  i 'm not going to make an effort to integrate at all though , you adjust to me in your own country . '', 
  vibe . 
  immigration is a two way street of acceptance , not learning the language is like setting up a one way only sign on that street . 
  would we end up in the eu of we did ? 
  english only which is why language changing based of ip makes me angry as all hell . 
  how about letting me just use what i want ? 
  no track settings in browser usually kills this though thank god . 
  the top , stem is the place to hold it . 
  i am a freak in local banana peeling circles though . 
  no , i feel dirty going in just to fetch something i forgot when wearing shoes . 
  he does n't want to anger the hyphen americans, 
  also fineland , findland . . something like that . 
  where do people do that ? 
  never done it myself but i do n't fly all that much . 
  i do n't think we do . 
  erna solberg made 185 000 $ in 2015 . 
  the tax papers for 2016 is n't out so that 's the most recent i could find . 
  oh , and her fortune was 236 000 $ . 
  it goes where i want , the price is n't stupid and no bad rep. 
  vampires ? 
  screens , tires and my mother 's cookbook and americans online, 
  just as much as the rest of us . 
  i tried to look for rules regarding it ( not super well though so might have missed something ) and i could only find the rule `` if it has n't been ten years since last time you did it '' but even that rule has exceptions . 
  i know there are laws against what you can change it to which is what i thought the question was about . 
  you ca n't get it changed just because you want to ? 
  sounds like how germans used to be when i was younger . 
  comes to english forums and chats and refuse to speak english ending up in them getting their own areas just so the rest do n't have to deal with them . 
  thai and philippines women has a `` marries men from small towns that ca n't find wife for some reason so they can get to norway '' . 
  a mail order bride ish like rep i guess . 
  he is an odd one . 
  sometimes he posts good questions other times you ca n't tell if he is trolling or not . 
  obama was the same though . 
  never heard of him before he was elected and it 's the same with loads of candidates in the primaries . 
  it 's a type of blowjob . 
  one where you are humming while sucking . 
  how is vaping in turkey though ? 
  yeah , i scratch my allergy hives until they bleed sometimes . 
  makes my legs look great . 
  luckily the tape seems to have worked though so i hope you find something that works for you too . 
  in their case it was finger less gloves , but latex loves would work too i recon . 
  it 's mostly just there to remind you not to scratch after all . 
  i do it myself when i get allergic breakouts but in my case it 's a small bit of tape . 
  whenever i scratch it 's `` oh right , not supposed to do that '' where as normally i would just have scratched idly at it . 
  gloves ?
