i thought they were called rapeseed not just rape . 
  we have you guns , that 's super neighbourly, 
  diesel pumps tend to have them . 
  france and us, 
  somalia , eritrea or russian i would guess . 
  i 've met lots of people i have no idea where are from so might have thought . 
  you do n't need to talk to people to see a pattern in how people act when you can see interactions they have with others . 
  you just start to recognize a few names and know how they will react to different topics . 
  hurt feelings , its easier to say others are bad people than admit that thing you like might not be the greatest . 
  its human nature to feel like this , tribalism . 
  much like democrats after trump won . 
  both should be looking at why they lost and how to improve , not how the other side sucks and is wrong . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day so some of the other side 's concerns must be legit . 
  it 's taxed out the ass , 60 % or so . 
  a flat rate co2 and road use tax , then actual price and vat . 
  seems like a huge number of people doing it just for the money . 
  2 % of norway 's population are now poles . 
  i know but it was easier to pick the one non english vs the 80 english speaking ones . 
  especially seeing how i 'm on my phone . 
  switching between apps and having to use the mediocre copy paste function of phones is not something i have the patience for . 
  more things from asia in general . 
  we learn about other places but never there . 
  maybe those going to uni prep ( allmenn ) sort get to learn more about it , but i did n't . 
  5 , i dont travel much, 
  why do so many poles travel abroad to work then ? 
  is it just the money ? 
  the only non english channel i subscribe to that make content is ny newphew 's channel . 
  and then there 's finnish, 
  we voted no , while saying we would vote yes if done differently . 
  http://www.icanw.org/campaign-news/results/ `` in our view , a legally binding framework should be based on the balanced ,, 
  just a woosh , happens to the best of us . 
  i like that we do our own thing . 
  some in power seem to be more interested in cosying up to those in power so we can leech of that power , even if people dont agree . 
  like voting against the nuke thing recently because we were told to . 
  really ? 
  i feel like its talked about a lot online . 
  it 's the reason i bought some to test it out . 
  you can find it in many stores in norway , like coop . 
  in mine its near the noodles/soy/sweet sour sauce . 
  filled up today . 
  from `` no longer shows how many km i can drive on current fuel level ( below 30km ) '' to `` 780km '' . 
  it cost me about 714,33 nok . 
  i drive a peugeot 308sw, 
  i think his reply was a joke . 
  you forget that being swedish or danish make you automatically wrong . 
  in our eyes this is just double wrong . 
  unless we share that view , then you clearly followed our guidance or something . 
  am i the only one thinking `` its the best place , why would i want to tell about it and ruin it with tourists ? '', 
  most did understand , but enough did n't or i got asked to repeat myself so often i just switched words to the local ones . 
  luckily i switch speech pattern ( ? ), 
  easily so it was a easy change to make . 
  true but why explain when there is a word in english for it ? 
  that 's condensed explaining in a sense . 
  rogaland , adle ( all ) and tri ( 3 ) are the ones i remember was a must to change . 
  i do n't mind as i got no special attached to my accent and its ever changing was just odd . 
  in stores i just went all out bokm\u00e5l to keep from having to repeat myself . 
  i did n't know the norwegian word for power strip , i call it a `` padde '' but its `` forgreiner '' apparently . 
  of course . 
  its not like its a new thing so i 've grown up with a few . 
  some people really suck at dialects . 
  we had to text a norwegian show full of norwegians because one guy had a strange accent . 
  i had to stopp saying words my way to be understood when i moved to eastern norway . 
  some words had a legit reason as they didnt use them but others were not as they could be picked up through context . 
  kiwi, 
  its equal to not knowing basic maths in my book . 
  same here . 
  probably be half wondering if they were a bit right leaning . 
  unless there was a viking setting of course, 
  if the post is too normal it just is n't a 19dja thread . 
  even faster if the thread mentions a big country starting with r. 
  national tragedy right there . 
  i 've gone to school with some that were inmates at the time of school . 
  i know one is an engineer now . 
  it 's rare to ask for a criminal record and ypu need a good reason for the police to even consider handing it out . 
  even if they do they only include relevant crimes . 
  if you stole a car that does n't matter much if you are going to work with kids . 
  well ok then, 
  no and probably never will . 
  we have some , one we used flr paintball, 
  why though ? 
  what is this `` french '' music style called ? 
  why do n't put a ban on the question ? 
  this has been asked so much even reddit search should be able to find all previous answers on the sub . 
  if people are too lazy to search for it they dont deserve an answer . 
  say both are just as dangerous . 
  for every x tons of material you have y deaths . 
  now look at how much coal you need to get the same amount of power as one kg of uranium . 
  its much more efficient . 
  we have people who hate you for the color of your passport not just your skin . 
  i pick up on nz accents due to a few words . 
  bret being one of them . 
  ( yes it 's from flight of the concords ), 
  barista in name , is a swede but has a norwegian flair . 
  i say you have integrated perfectly to swedish life . 
  i will have one large mocca btw . 
  poland does n't do dual then ? 
  never wanted to i imagine . 
  which is odd to some . 
  once saw a comment thread where one person was shocked to know norway did n't want to have nuclear weapons . 
  and i thought going to oslo and wondering where the fjords at was stupid .
