  jonas lie ( 1833 -- 1908 ) novelist , poet , and playwright focusing largely on the folk life and social spirit of the nation of norway . 
  alexander kielland ( 1849 -- 1906 ) novelist , short story writer , playwright , essayist most known for his satirical writings and short stories . 
  le mchonhonalds ? 
  elementary school . 
  first verse only but i do n't know it anymore it seems . 
  concrete huts . . are we talking bunkers because our beaches are full of them and i likeed that term . 
  not a real citizen . 
  i think it 's their schtick now . 
  like scandinavian insults but without the enjoyable banter . 
  do n't like it . 
  blood or no they should stand similarly to other immigrants . 
  we are at 3 % i think . 
  that 's why she snatched all the milk , needed it for ice cream, 
  for the movers and for the non specific flag folks . 
  great idea, 
  kids dress up , ring doorbells , sing and get candy for the performance . 
  halloween , we had something similar but it 's no longer a thing but halloween is . 
  fire drill , then make our own fake drill during the air raid drill system tests . 
  maybe like a 2 out of 10 on a good day . 
  decently i reckon, 
  snowball fight against the swedes then after we go ski and have some afterski beer . 
  in sweden of course and they are buying seeing how they lost . 
  annoys the hell out of me because too often do i see `` interesting map/stat/etc about europe '' only to find it 's not at all and the person in posting is just a terrible person . 
  then it 's a varmeveksler . 
  never , i prefer french electronica, 
  are you actually a swede living in germany ? 
  `` act like idiots and idiots will join and think they are in similar company '' . 
  i butchered that quote but it 's true for all over the top joke subs . 
  a small base do n't know it 's sarcasm going on and go a bit weird . 
  a packet of tea, 
   classification is flawed and inconsistent that 's why i kept going with you . 
  i felt yours were flawed and inconsistent . 
   but i still consider it to be a part of the region because a part of it is in on the peninsula & it was a part of sweden . 
  the peninsula was named for the scandinavian countries that were on 90 % of it . 
  you do n't cut a peninsula early just to fit borders . 
  they could call it the norwegian swedish and part finland peninsula but that would n't roll of the tongue as well . 
  then someone realised there was a name for the people that lived on 90 % of it and it was named so . 
  scandinavia has nothing to do with location on the map but 3 countries . 
  if you want to get fancy it 's a `` historical and cultural-linguistic region '' . 
  you can keep using geography as a point but then you can also bring in whatever other random metric you feel like using . 
   because of history yet this is n't true with finland , too they have a history through us through proxy , aka being swedish . 
  they did n't fight wars against us , they fought because sweden told them to do it . 
  denmark and sweden however are directly interacting and it 's their state declaring wars with norway being the battleground and reason for war in a bunch of those . 
   i 'm astonished anyone would say icelandic is not a scandinavian language totally agree , not sure what i was thinking on this one . 
  even reading it back i 'm not sure where my head was . 
  i think i know what i sort of meant by it but after that fiasco of a comment from me i will just not go into it again . 
  ca n't trust my own head with that again so soon haha . 
   objective standard for scandinavia , greenland and the faroe islands are technically scandinavian because they are denmark . 
  no , again not geography . 
  they , like the others , lack the history and language . 
  two of the three main things i keep going on about consistently . 
  culture i ca n't really speak of as i do n't feel confident to comment on it but language and history yes . 
  it does n't matter though , if you are n't three for three then you 're out of a scandi membership . 
   it seems like cgp grey concurs with my assessment , there is a degree of subjectivity in deciding which is which . 
  he seems pretty clear about who scandinavia is , but he says there is also confusion . 
  i do n't deny that at all . 
   my point simply is : do n't tell people that they 're wrong for saying finland & iceland are in scandinavia because there are valid reasons for them to be considered a part of it . 
  if there were valid reasons they would be scandinavian . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  we do n't even count svalbard as scandinavian and that 's norwegian with 70 % norwegians . 
  why i 'm sure you ask . 
  well it lacks the history , one of the three checkboxes it need . 
  it was n't really used until 1600 , then it started being a hunting outpost for all sorts of people from all over until the 1800 something . 
  being norwegian does n't make it auto tie into scandinavia . 
  are n't you also bringing your own personal standard by saying it 's geographical in nature ? 
  i feel icelandic is norse and northern germanic but not scandinavian . 
  it developed on it 's own . 
  i envy their cool language . 
  ours are intertwined with 400 odd years of danish union . 
  butnlets get down a to something else . 
  a if i agree to a loose definition of language how does finland go into scandinavia ? 
  their language is n't even a germanic one . 
  for history it 's more poxy related . 
  again if too loose why not also include greenland and faroe islands seeing how those were norwegian territories brought into the denmark-norway union . 
  this is the whole issue with including iceland and finland , it makes the definition too loose and you end up having to include the other nordics aswell and then you do n't need scandinavia as a term because nordics is there . 
  if you do n't want denmark but only the scandinavian peninsula people , there is a term for that too . 
  in all honesty i feel cgp grey puts it best . 
  [ yt link ] ( https://youtu.be/tsxme8h6iyc ) i was just bored with exams getting in the way of my work so figured i would have a discussion with some about something . 
  i did n't say it did n't have linguistic ties just that it fails the language portion of scandinavia . 
  being mutually intelligible being the main thing . 
  denmark is a part because it shares history like numerous wars and a union or two and so forth . 
  the language i already explained and then the third being similar culture . 
  the culture can be said to also be shared by numerous nordic countries but they do n't have the other two requirements so they do n't make the cut of scandinavia . 
  using geography about a region that is n't about geography is n't really an argument . 
  it 's a language , history and culture region and you need all those to be in it . 
  not just one or two but all three . 
  both iceland and finland fail the language one , history is only a with sweden for finland and norway and denmark for iceland . 
  the peninsula was named after scandinavia and not scandinavia after the peninsula . 
  finland is on it because it used to be part of sweden and sweden is scandinavian . 
  i like standards , either we keep them or we remove them of no longer needed . 
  include any other country in scandinavia and it 's a useless term because it 's really just the nordics at that point . 
  iceland , i just feel a closer bond with them . 
  people do n't like to argue it , they just are n't . 
  6:30 -7:00 for me . 
  not sure about other work always worked somewhere where you start at 7 but between 7 and 10 seems about right for most . 
  puerto rico of course . 
  same happened here with norwegian social media platforms . 
  funny how people are so pro eu they are n't even willing to answer a hypothetical just for fun . 
  denmark and sweden of course . 
  create our own union .
