  what made you doubt it ? 
  it 's pretty clear imo, 
  takes one to know one , i guess ... 
  last time obama got criticized all they could talk about was how racist it was because he was wearing a baseball cap ... 
  i 'll wear that with pride, 
   take linux , remove features and close down the platform , stick it in a shiny box , triple the price , and you have apple . 
  your tl ; dr is longer then your comment ... 
  * smeck smeck smeck * you taste that ? 
  * smeck smeck smeck * that 's some a grade salt right here, 
  is this something that has been ongoing for a while ? 
  or is this a sudden decision '' ` most likely '' ' based on trumps tomfooleries ? 
  * puts on sunglasses in slow motion as he casually walks away from the explosion *, 
  that 's entirely intentional  / u/trecht, 
  is that a threat ?!, 
  come at me bro !, 
  or , even be half as open as these mods are ... 
  what a moronic thing to ask, 
  ... i 'm going to justify this by saying that , since we are a very water rich country , we survey better then the average other country . 
  and i 'm going to stay by that . 
  wether that 's true or not . 
  for taking the time to try to understand my opinion without being hostile !, 
  that 's an entirely different scenario . 
  we 're talking about a western modern and civilised country where violence is , imo , not needed to achieve political goals . 
  no , of course not , because in that case you 're fighting for your own freedom from oppressors and not just against people who you do n't agree with . 
  antifa has never fought for freedom , if anything they have fought for oppression, 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree , 
  hmm yeah , maybe i should have worded it differently . 
  i understand their own justification for their actions , i just think it 's retarded to lower yourself to that level , and in reality all that happens is that they violently disrupt peaceful pegida protests . 
  ah neat , did n't know that . 
  i thought antifa also wrote something on their about using violence , or `` any means necessary '' to make those who they do n't like stop , but their website seems to be down so i ca n't fact check it : http://www.afanederland.org/, 
  he 's longing for his airconditioned room in which no-one can talk to him because of all the fan noise, 
  i see , thanks !, 
  i think you 're being downvoted for in a way playing the whataboutism card , and that it 's not entirely relevant to what happend here because this was a public venue . 
  and there 's a lot of politic motivated voting here too , of course, 
  fok steen sorry , reflex, 
  yeah me too . 
  i especially like the super hypocritical graffiti on the van zijstweg in which they call people to come fight pegida on some febuary day when they planned a demonstration . 
  really ties the neighbourhood together . 
  i never understood why the group which claims to be against fascism , uses facist tactics to achieve their goals . 
  kinda like the `` people democratic republic of korea '' . 
  now that i think more of it , i 've never seen any graffiti or stickers from anything other then leftists . 
  this is a serious question : does private property stand above the universal declaration of human rights ? 
  and specifically , the article that / u/silkkiuikku brought up further up the thread :  article 1 . 
   all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights . 
  they are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood . 
  standing up for equality done right , thank you !, 
  imagine how much history is ` burried ' in the sea, 
  then why was it such a big thing in the first place ? 
   why even have this legal mumbo jumbo if it 's not effective anyway ? 
  but what did this achieve ? 
  facebook has n't changed anything they just paid a few cents , relatively , to continue doing this . 
  they will just continue doing what the ec said they could n't do when the approved the acquisition ... 
  way too little , they wo n't even feel this , plus nothing was achieved with this for us . 
  the ec allowed this acquisition under the impression that the users ' privacy would be safeguarded , now facebook is like `` lol screw you guys , we 'll just pay the fine and do it anyway because fuck you '' . 
  why even have all this legal mumbo jumbo and bureaucracy when it 's not effective anyway ? 
  but in both cases erdogan thugs attacked people , heck last time it were journalists specifically . 
  that should have been investigated and delt with too , but it did n't afaik . 
  but i guess he argued that trump ran under the campaign to protect american citizens and will do nothing about this , so it differentiates him there from obama , which is a fair point . 
  ( not arguing that obama did n't protect american citizens , do n't get me wrong ), 
  i understand where you 're coming from , but then when a foreign leader is assasinated , or even hurt , when abroad it ` could be ' a serious issue, 
  [ alrighty then . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/fdo2nk0imzvvw/giphy.gif ), 
  trumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrumptrump watch that reflex . 
  here 's a comparable event from when obama was president : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc7fs7vktkm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hy6ekondu0 no outrage back then either , i wonder , is that trumps fault too ? 
  oh boy , look at that poor victim at the hands of fascist police !, 
  would be quite something if he did , seeing as how obama did nothing about this too , since it was able to happen again . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kc7fs7vktkm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hy6ekondu0 i wondered why this incident was n't way bigger in the media , but apparently it 's ` normal ', 
  dude . 
  have you had your coffee today yet ? 
  i replied to someone else and then you replied to my comment to him . 
  i 'm talking about that original comment all along . 
  and my point was about personally attacking the user with his post history to try to prove something . 
  which is apparently okay and reasonable in your eyes because greece was criticised . 
  i think it 's super disgusting behaviour . 
  hope you understand now , have a good day . 
  eh sorry , should n't have started this discussion , this sub has a terrible hard on for greece to the point that it 's past all reasonableness . 
  should 've known better . 
  stupid that this unfunny shitpost is downvoted while all the unfunny shitpost with trump in it are upvoted . 
  +6 in the morning , -3 in the afternoon . 
  good day america !, 
  we 're coming for ya , belgium !, 
  but they were victorious ? 
  just as the allies were . 
  we celebrate the same thing but a day early . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  also , seems like op is russian so cut him some slack . 
  can you eli5 why you think this users things the soviets did it alone ? 
  do n't get me wrong , you 're not the only one in this thread , just curious what brought you to that conclusion , because i do n't see it, 
  i actually did n't know that before , and he did n't word it in a way that dismisses what has been said before , just adds nuance . 
  oh yeah that was my reference , but because i was being downvoted i thought i may have made a different one from what i intended  thanks for replying , 13/10 would interact again, 
  wait , what reference ? 
  was that why i was downvoted before ? 
  since when are memes propaganda ? 
  shit , so [ clinton ] ( https://www.hillaryclinton.com/feed/donald-trump-pepe-the-frog-and-white-supremacists-an-explainer/ ) was right ... 
  11/10 visualisation , perfect :d, 
  well , that did n't matter for the usa either / s / s / s, 
  as he did at the very end in this video , indeed . 
  said macron , as one of the only ones , understood the looney politics and economics going on and actually wanted to help greece instead of making it worse, 
  are n't you a lovely chap . 
  the article we all knew was coming,
