  still not a country though . 
  what i mean by that , we do n't learn states in geography lessons ( and why would we ? 
  honestly : i had trouble naming countries in asia with that map game tool thing . 
  however , i always barely made the geography tests . 
  pretty sure the uk has geography in school , i learned it in primary school ( but i 'm from the netherlands ), 
  state ! = country . 
  please point out all the provinces in the netherlands ... there are only 12 , should n't be to hard . 
  yeah and they happen to flower all at once . 
  ouch ... !, 
  that was n't what was happening though , somebody from de could pay ( as an example ) 1 euro per gigabyte , i would pay 1 euro per megabyte . 
  maybe not to this extreme , but that was how ridicules it was, 
  i linked an article that does n't go into depth about the roaming part - it 's separate from the new net neutrality laws iirc , my bad !, 
  you can make a difference, 
  i hope so . 
  just grab a few bolts from chernobyl and throw them on the krim :p, 
  i consider myself lucky indeed, 
  the netherlands . 
  we are in the same boat , although it 's just 1 year for me . 
  god damn , she is one year younger then me . 
  i am so lucky to live life in a stable country , man this is surreal, 
  no problem man , i 'm sure you would bail us out too when we need it, 
  yes those things are wrong , but that 's why they are being stopped . 
  i generally do n't give a shit about the animals . 
  but i do think that they should be put down with as little pain as possible . 
  the only appropriate response . 
  slow clap, 
  fun fact , hitler was also thought of to be gay, 
  just a tad . 
  til , thanks !, 
  guess we 'll have a new country in a few months . 
  hopefully the protests wo n't end horribly, 
  i wonder . 
  what is keeping the police from joining the protests ? 
  if they had guns , this would have been a lot more ugly . 
  why do we take crazies serious ? 
  eh , i was banned for making that comment . 
  but i agree , these mods are selective and total garbage . 
  just so we are clear , this thread is still on the front page of / r/europe . 
  casual / r/europe readers will also venture into this thread and see this comment . 
  / r/shitamericanssay is not a brigade subreddit , there are rules and their users follow them . 
  ( and the mods enforce them pretty strongly ) if the comment gathers down votes , it 's most likely going to be from casual readers . 
  edit ; lol yeah . 
  i 've been banned for this comment , so there 's that . 
  bit hungover , but good !, 
  i wonder , how is your life ? 
   i wonder what the dutch are getting to replace them . 
  nothing . 
  ^ ( i 'm not the one to comment on your last 2 questions , i pretty much only watch the morning news ), 
  the difference is that , in my case ( holland ) , we keep it within our border lines . 
  so we are covered by our own laws . 
  does it limit our freedom ? 
  and our politicians look the other way . 
  in my definition `` photoshopping '' includes processing/lab work . 
  i agree that photo manipulation is very , very wrong . 
  i do n't get it . 
  it 's photoshopped to show her face more clearly ( and add ugly make up ) and make the colors pop a bit more . 
  this is not at all uncommon , right ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  edit ; i get it now . 
  i have to say , photoshopping ( and with that i mean retouching , simple processing , color balancing , etc ) is very common in journalism , mainly to make the image look better . 
  in this case it would have been normal to make her face more clear because it 's a bit shaded . 
  what is n't normal is adding that much darkness to her eyes and make her frown . 
  researched a bit , she is indeed a real cop . 
  ~ ~ iirc he 's from a tv serie , she 's not a real cop ~ ~ i 'm wrong , she is real . 
  i 'm really curious to your reasoning behind this . 
  which they are not , so still not a concern . 
  do you really think you are unique ? 
  do you really think us dutch people do n't criticize ourself ? 
  have you seen the threads about that voice of holland clip where our `` lovely '' gordon threw some racist things to some asian guy ? 
  it 's nothing unique that counties get hated . 
  something that is unique is the passion and rage americans defend their countries on the internet . 
  and still you bring up totally unrelated things who have 0 to do with the things i said . 
  poor excuses . 
  i love how you bring up all these unrelated things as a response to my comment . 
  i did not say america sucks , i did not say she was dumb , i did not say anything about the mcdonalds woman , i know that she was in her right , hot coffee is les obvious then a freaking moving train . 
  i said nothing insulting about the woman . 
  you are just a typical american who is offended by valid criticism , just like a lot of other americans . 
  ofcourse she has a right for a fair healing , did anyone say she had n't ? 
  she did n't just fall in the gap , she fell in the gap while the * train was moving * . 
  it 's common knowledge to stay away from moving objects , especially a few tons heavy trains . 
  do you get in cars while they are still moving ? 
   this woman lost her legs , and she believes it was due in part to an unsafe train platform design . 
  there is a bright white/yellow stripe on the perron which indicates that you should stay behind it . 
  not sure how it could be more clear . 
   if any of you were willing to acknowledge even the slightest benefit of the doubt to her claim then you must also acknowledge that at the very least , a train that has started moving when a human being is on the tracks has not performed its duty of care for the safety of its passengers . 
  hahaha . 
  have you ever been to a train station ? 
  also , let me quote the article :  when she sued obb , for negligence in 2008 , the company claimed the train was already moving when sachs tried to board . 
  before the trains start moving bells ring and the doors close . 
  she had enough time to step away from the train, 
  i do n't know about you but moving train + boarding says enough for me . 
  because she was stupid enough to try to board a moving train ? 
  in dutch we say `` eigen schuld , dikke bult '' , kinda means that if you hit your head yourself , it 's your own fault . 
  haha . 
   the same could be said of just about any developed western * government * these days . 
  ftfy, 
  so it creates chances for current workers to graduate to higher positions and open lower skilled positions for , well , lower skilled workers . 
  they 'll get agitated if you try to ride on them, 
  ehh ... even then some people do n't wear one ... . 
  yeah he 's our friend !,
