  two completely different classes of super markets though, 
  oh not only texas . 
  nooo not only texas . 
  not country borders , but terretory borders have existed for thousands of years, 
  basically crying about how bad trump supporters were over and over his username is allyourexpensivetoys and there 's still loads up . 
  he 's deleted some that got negative karma tho, 
  yeah it 's pretty concerning, 
  second time i 've seen you in this thread comment something that does n't relate to what you replied to at all . 
  are you ok ? 
  i actually avoid roundabouts as much as possible , they are sketchy as fuck as a cyclist, 
  global warming is n't a concern at all for us !, 
  was more reffering to before and after the coupe attempt , but perhaps i used too strong words, 
  you mean back when turkey was way more seculier and actively trying to better their country to meet demands from europe ? 
  ah so that 's why catalonia wants to be independent, 
  curves in all the right places < 3, 
  holy derp . 
  oh yea , the entire ecosystem changed . 
  salt water became ` fresh ' . 
  lol , in the past that has n't stopped us, 
  with some slight massaging . 
  it 's summer, 
  they can call us if they want, 
  lol yeah , because institutionalised racism is comparable to shooting thugs who burn down cars as a `` protest '' sure, 
  that 's not what we 're going for, 
  ssshhhhh . 
  let 's not talk about that, 
  obligatory outdated data that shows we are the best : https://i.imgur.com/vkd1i01.png, 
  and look how safe it is !, 
  guns are the solution to everything, 
  yes, 
  do n't believe so , they were international students, 
  so ... how 's the internet there ? 
  yes , i fully agree with you there . 
  i had it done young and have memories about it , about the itching mostly . 
  0/8 would not want to go trough this past age 8 ( ? 
  no idea at which age those memories become significant ) i just did n't know how to word it coherently in a reply , 
  circumcised dude checking in , circumcision on minors for nothing other then medical reasons should be banned and those who still do it should be tried in court for mutilating a minor . 
  happy now ? 
  honestly , it feels like while the american side of reddit has gone bat shit insane , the european side of reddit shifted from left leaning to being more centrist . 
  i 'm not complaining . 
   babies do n't get erections . 
  wrong i got circumcised because i woke up every morning , hard as a rock , at age 1 ~ 2 , screaming of pain because my foreskin was too small . 
  and now people are thinking about my baby dick . 
   and social equality lol wat , they want to rid of every single opponent they have with violence . 
  how can you call that equality ? 
  we can all agree on that, 
  it 's thursday finally !, 
  what i expected : [ what no monnie ?? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j308rh1j_bg ), 
  [ stadsie aan het water ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlzqldmprb0 ), 
  ... does this mean we have succeeded as europe as far as making a shared identity ? 
  :d always stay positive ... 
   do n't mind them , they 're pretty much alone on that one . 
  lol and meanwhile mark rutte was sitting on his knees sucking off obama while slowly unbuttoning his pants to offer his ass too . 
  not sure that is better either . 
  i had never heard that version, 
  this is the only song i remember from being < 4 years old :d we moved houses during my 4th birthday , and i remember singing `` no no , no no no no , no no no no { ... } '' in my crib in the old house :d, 
  it 's a joke , based on the ukraine excuses they gave, 
  and every time around summer ... did anyone check if they were n't just vacationing ? 
  i think he was more talking about that money being used in groningen , instead of being spend in the evil west of the country, 
  ... or do what we 've done in afghanistan and such , just drone the burial . 
  cleans em up quickly . 
  stay, 
  hit, 
  deal me in, 
  stay, 
  u/blackjack _ bot deal me in, 
  you do n't have to , all you have to do is worship your soldiers and enjoy your cheap oil, 
  neither is ours , but our gdp also is n't depending on killing innocent lives like yource is, 
  got dat oil tho !!!, 
  congrats , you decided to actually look something up in order to be factual this time around and you stil managed to fuck up !, 
  and then of course shift the goal posts . 
  here 's a fun fact for you , the criminals that make those drugs , in total , will make less people addicted , not even kill , then your beloving country has killed innocent civilians in the iraq war alone . 
  have a good day !, 
  hahahahaha yes , double down . 
  we tooooootally have legal hard drugs . 
  sure buddy . 
  see here : a living caricature of the ignorant american, 
  awhhh yisss, 
  stay, 
  hit, 
  what now ? 
  deal me in, 
  shit deal me in, 
  stay, 
  haha thanks . 
  and with what gun are you going to take down the drone that will ... drone you when you even start to think about fighting against your government ? 
  you 'll be labeled as a terrorist and taken out before you could achieve anything . 
  you replied but it did n't show up in the sub because you 're a dickhead . 
   how did all of our military might work out in iraq ? 
  how 'd vietnam go ? 
  hey remember that time a rag tag milita in the us beat the most powerful military in the world ? 
  yeah yeah , fighting against armies is soooo comparable to some rednecks without training . 
  good luck though !, 
  i 'll be enjoying the pictures on liveleak . 
  ah gotcha  it 's super clear to me , so that 's why i was confused how anyone could doubt it to begin with, 
  europe is safer and more peaceful then the us ...  here 's one bad thing that happened thus europe is shit !, 
  us has way more murders and in general is more unsafe  it 's a small price to pay for freedom !, 
  hahahahahaha please keep going !, 
  how do unregulated countries get rewarded ?
