  willy \u00eds your friend !, 
  did n't you know that willy had an instagram account ? 
  [ here it is ] ( https://youtu.be/kq-oturw2xo?t=10s ) edit ; swapped out the link for the real one, 
  and then posted to instagram with the caption `` they grow up so quickly #firstdayofschool but back to bed for me !, 
  #fuckmondays '', 
  yeah but we did it first . 
  can confirm , the netherlands are the better germany . 
  source : dutch, 
  good . 
  not the first time this has happened either , the dutch government once blocked an extradition from a suspected terrorist because he had been tortured before and the chance that it would happen again was too big . 
  2 countries = entire continent . 
  `` a forum for discussion about europe ** and its neighbourhood . 
  ** '' says so right in the sidebar . 
  come on mods . 
  unrelated , but what 's keeping you from moving to the west ? 
  you will find a job 100 % guaranteed, 
  did n't stop alcohol though ( i fully agree with you btw ), 
  are we sure this drone was n't just on vacation ? 
  they 've got some examples from across the pond and probably do n't want it to happen to them . 
  they 've already banned protesting , sooo ... 
  note : i do n't agree with this law, 
  yep . 
  yeah , but not enough work in my field i think ( it ), 
  centimeters ? 
  is it really that fast ? 
  well not everybody has insane amounts of oil ... wait a second ... well shit ... 
  how do you know ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm not planning on having kids so i 'm already looking for an exit plan . 
  i 've never really leached of the state so i can leave without much feeling of fucky-over-ness . 
  now only to find a country ... preferably more sunny . 
  why would this be beneficial for people who are already a resident of a `` first world country '' ? 
  could i stash some thousands of euros to get perhaps some better intrest rates and dodge taxes ? 
  ( perhaps i might just apply for the fun of it ), 
  it 's a joke . 
  calm your nipples . 
  that 's a pretty bad excuse to violate basic human rights , imo . 
  other people are driving 160 on the highway , why are n't you ? 
  surely it 's ok to do because others do so as well , right ? 
  i 'd rather not have us do it at all . 
  have a coworker from naples , he 's not very keen on talking about it ... ( embarrassed ), 
  perhaps he was talking about reddit ? 
  i would only join if our country would be in danger . 
  i would n't step outside the country as a soldier . 
  ( except if it 's to help our neighbours which are fighting a war against the same threat on their soil ), 
  sauce ? 
  he did n't confirm , he said it was unlikely for there to be any survivors . 
  bit of a nuance, 
  oh god . 
  especially the easing of the decent on the end , perhaps thinking that everything will be okay , and then still crashing :(, 
  basically, 
  already did in fact . 
  told me it 's psychological and that i should get therapy . 
  i wish i was still joking . 
  well , i did n't , but he did throw up indeed . 
  i just went to the toilet , a sign of a coup, 
  that actually is n't that bad of an idea ... perhaps then they also have time run everyone trough the interpol database before letting them in ... 
  welcome to reddit !, 
  i 'm getting downvoted because it does n't fit the narrative on here , however :  these riots are almost certainly being caused by people from outside this town . 
  according to the police there is no reason to believe this, 
  i know , i did n't say that , and that does n't mean that what i said is incorrect, 
  al qeada never had the stage like isis had , never expanded into syria and never set off a civil war . 
  ( which caused the huge influx in refugees ), 
  like this : http://reddit.com/r/documentaries/comments/3x39ze/the_rise_of_isis_explained_in_6_minutes_2015/, 
  my bad !, 
  i was n't discrediting the locals , just posting facts . 
  they are warning shots , they are fired right up vertically , not at a 45 degree angle for example, 
  of course , but a falling bullet will never get even close to the velocity needed to do damage , otherwise a hail storms would kill thousands of people each year . 
  those were real bullets for sure . 
  not really , a bullet and a human person fall at the same speed if you drop them from the same height . 
  come on guys this is basic physics, 
  mostly a small group of extreme-right , vocal minority . 
  most people do n't mind but you do n't hear those people . 
  source : am dutch, 
  right , so why is the us not doing anything to help out the refugee crisis they ( indirectly ) caused ? 
  that was his original comment, 
  you can write as much as you want but the fact still is that the us is doing fuck all to help out the refugees . 
  the leaders from isis met in a us led prison in iraq , this is a fact . 
  i 'm not going to take a stance on this issue but all 14 people that got arrested are from geldermalsen : https://twitter.com/teletekst/status/677432808630001664, 
  i 'm talking about / r/europe , you 're talking about something else . 
  i have no interest in having a discussion about immigration since it 's ~ ~ completely ~ ~ unrelated to any of my comments . 
  because it 's a completely different sub . 
  case closed . 
  poor choice of words . 
  of course he does , because it lines up with his agenda . 
  does n't mean that suddenly everybody agrees . 
  sorry father for i have sinned . 
  i will never doubt the * majority opinion * again . 
  clearly i was wrong by providing a source that this sub has been brigaded before by right wingers before and this source was completely without value . 
  i will not question i will not doubt i will follow, 
  because people are using hyperboles and projecting the things they 've seen on the internet to the real world without having experience discussing the issues at hand in real life . 
  because taking a year off , which i see happening around me more and more , to take care of your child is going to negatively impact your career . 
  hence why i moved to a big city . 
  literally nobody said that taxes would be increased . 
  literally nobody said that people have to leave their home to make place for refugees . 
  your bias is clearly showing . 
  people who live in the netherlands perhaps have family to live with for a few days/weeks while they look for a home . 
  if you flee your country because of a war you do n't have anything at all . 
  yeah but no atmosphere, 
  such an american thing to say :d,
