enjoy your few cents that you earned by writing this comment !, 
  oooh !, 
  other shirt ? 
  no scarf , different time of day or am i missing something ? 
  no , by ` best ' i changed it once and did n't know what the default value was . 
  ( great ux ... ) is ` top ' default ? 
  trying to make it into a racial problem ? 
  lol . 
  nothing out of the ordinary . 
  also quite a bit of exceptionalism mixed in . 
  are we in the same thread ? 
  seems like the same game russia is playing !, 
  conspiracy, 
  well to be honest i 100 % disagree :p, 
  thanks !, 
  but then every law you want to pass has to first get approved by the eu , that just wo n't work, 
  this would be awesome . 
  this would also mean that one unified standard for all things , this include like the spaces on the sides of the tracks , would mean that commuter trains could be standardized and cheaper to make . 
  nope . 
  it is way too hard to manage such a huge country form one central place . 
  this would probably also mean that people would lose rights , like legal marijuana in the netherlands . 
  this would be awesome , flying is such a hassle, 
  i do n't speak russia , and am at the side of ukraine , not a conspiracy theorist and such , but how do we know that this is a video shot in ukraine ? 
  plus gps is horribly inaccurate . 
  it did the job back in the day , but for current day applications , like vehicle tracking ( think : trains ) , an accuracy of 5 meters is not good enough . 
  galileo offers up to 1 meter precision, 
  we have !, 
  shooting clubs . 
  not sure if it 's easy to get in though, 
  woah !, 
  til :d, 
  belgium and their silly city naming :d, 
  what year is it ?!, 
  that 's mostly americans in my experience ( for which this behavior is explainable ) . 
  but my experience may differ from yours, 
  everything being fine does n't mean there is no room for improvement , 
  it will never ever even get close to that . 
  man i really hate these asphalt roads without pot holes !, 
  affordable public transport !, 
  uuuuuugh !, 
  ha-ha , such a funny joke . 
  the is has nothing to do with my data because i have nothing to do with the us . 
  my own government has an interest in me because i 'm a citizen in their country, 
  oh yes there is . 
  and i will . 
  i wish those kids would finally get it in their empty heads that an other nation spying on me is a whole lot worse then my own government spying on me . 
  i have nothing to do with the us , i will never have anything to do with the us , i will probably never go to the us , so fuck off with your spying . 
  kinda strange how everything is divided in sections per province ( i assume the netherlands was to small to do a proper job ? ), 
  except the uk, 
  so removing a piece of skin and removing a clitoris plus sewing lips together is comparable ? 
  plus there are medical reasons for male circumcision and afaik no medical reasons for female circumcision let alone mutilation . 
  right , and why would the nsa have to spy on european citizens anyway ? 
  we are ` allies ' . 
  that 's the point . 
  not only the hood is removed by female genital mutilation , their entire clitoris is removed and their lips are sewed together . 
  that 's comparable to removing the head of a penis . 
  not at all comparable . 
  one removes a piece of skin pretty much without further consequences , the other completely removes a pleasure element . 
  edit ; i 'd love to have the downvoters explain to me how male circumcision and female genital * mutilation * is comparable . 
  you still question calling them allies after all that happened with the nsa ? 
  wow . 
  you 've clearly never been addicted . 
  ( and you should consider yourself lucky for that ), 
  the son of comic simpsans !, 
  yeah . 
  let 's have occupied countries , or ya know , an island , provide the troops with steel and food . 
  good luck with that . 
  yeah , thanks for fighting in asia , helped defeating germany a lot !, 
  my grandparents still talk very highly of the canadians , 
  betcha not , canadians would get a lot more credit, 
  not at all anything about that , spain 's economy has gone to crap , to a bigger extent then other european countries , because of this stuff is cheaper in spain . 
  i 'm not one to judge why spain 's economy has gone to crap , calm down . 
  yeah but , no offense , you live in spain . 
  hahaha , yet here i am ... ... 
  it 's better to be dutch :p, 
  you should look up what ppp means . 
  original thread : http://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/27b3zn/how_much_is_your_time_worth_comparison_of_average/ all credit goes to / u/ucandoeat, 
  go read up on it . 
  as per direct downloading copyrighted content is in fact punishable . 
  they wo n't prosecute anybody for it , but it 's punishable . 
  that was n't my point at all . 
  but , do you only learn your states ? 
  or did i misinterpret your words ? 
  because we learn the countries of the entire world , not only europe, 
  i try my best to be reasonable  `` treat people like you want to be treated '', 
  very true, 
  because countries are countries and states are part of a country . 
  i do n't hold it against them . 
  i do n't know all the countries in asia , heck i struggle with the coratia/serbia region . 
  where did i say that ? 
  sure , but in other countries , if they make the news , will be mentioned as the us/america , not by individual state . 
  if somebody from utrecht invents something huge it will be covered in our news as somebody from utrecht , but in your news as `` from the netherlands '' . 
  as for the geography lessons , you are right . 
  i tried my hand at the asia map game thing , and it went surprisingly horrible . 
  each country has it 's own government , pretty much each country has it 's own language , every country has a very different culture . 
  the eu is not at all like the us , they are simply not comparable . 
  the us has one constitution and all states have their own implementations of this . 
  one state ca n't simply say `` hey we 're doing this now '' without approval of the big guys . 
  every eu country can do whatever they want , within limitations of course . 
  ( i 'm probably too uneducated to talk about this , so correct me if i 'm wrong ) ^ ( small nitpick , '' ... european * countries * based ... '' ftfy :p ),
