  sub 's full of gibbons though , dunno why any of you would notice that though . 
  think he 's rational , oh what a cutie-pie . 
  4 years i 've been getting your sad little accusations . 
  was right about georgia 08 , was right about syria , was right about lybia , iran , israel , etc. 
  keep on trying though , the brainwash is strong . 
  the fact that you automatically associate everything the seps do with russia , proves everything there is to prove about you really . 
  where is eu 's reaction towards ua air traffic controllers letting the plane fly over rebel territory ? 
  where is eu 's reaction towards ua having fighter jets tail the airliner , making it a target ? 
  where is eu 's reaction towards ua not stopping military ops in the area after the crash ? 
  keep on blaming russia . 
  working out well for everyone so far . 
  even though they 've had a no-fly zone as on option on the table for months now . 
  ( for good reasons too , we 've all seen what the ua airforce has accomplished so far ), 
  if ukrainian troubles are `` not a problem for eu states '' then why the fuck do they have a stance on this revolution and are not watching from sidelines . 
  `` promoting democracy '' , right ? 
  then why let a civil war unfold in a european country ? 
  ukraine is not exactly in africa , you know ? 
  why ? 
  because a lent sam-site ( into the region that has been bombed for months ) downed a civilian airliner , that was allowed to fly over rebel-controlled territory , with jets trailing it ( effectively making it a target ) ? 
  never mind the thousands of civs that have died already , right ? 
  w.ua burn protestors . 
  european leaders quiet . 
  w.ua declare referendums illegal . 
  european leaders quiet . 
  w.ua shoot up referendums with live ammo . 
  european leaders quiet . 
  w.ua do strafing runs on the civilian population . 
  european leaders quiet . 
  no-fly zone put up as one of solutions by russia . 
  european leaders against it . 
  rebels shoot down a civ plane , trying to hit the jets that were spotted next to it . 
  better get of your asses people , shit 's gotten real . 
  what a bad joke . 
  if you want to know what politicians , that are n't interested in a prolonged conflict think , look up the statements of the left party in germany and their likes in other eu states . 
  letting civilian aircraft fly over rebel controlled territory and trail the plane with jets on top of that , seems fine to you ? 
  good to know . 
  is this the best any of you can do , really ? 
   you work for rt , right ? 
  pathetic . 
  well i guess there really is n't any argument about why a democratically elected president was ousted and the areas that gave 90 % vote to him are now being bombed . 
  let me retort : do you work for the official dipshit conglomerate ? 
  amazing how this one incident apparently `` spells disaster '' for russia all of a sudden . 
  western ukraine has been killing civilians for how many months straight ( with complete support from the west , even got a war credit from imf how nice are these guys , right ? 
  ) , with some incidents being much more severe than a sam site misfiring ( executions in the trade union , strafing runs on civs , shooting up polling stations , exclusively neo-nazi groups being hired in place of army ie azov batallion ) , hell even today there at least 20 confirmed civilian casualties in lugansk alone from shelling . 
  now these clowns have jets trail a civilian airliner in an area where they were being downed left and right for weeks , which obviously led to the missile launch and it 's apparently the end of the world for russia and russian people . 
  thank fuck , social media does n't represent shit on a global scale . 
  you people need to fucking check yourself . 
  i 've called for a no-fly zone ( only to be mass-downvoted ) since the beginning of this `` revolution '' , you do n't let imbeciles run loose like that . 
  if you disagree on the `` imbecile '' accusations look at the most prominent `` leaders '' of both sides . 
  not a single person in sight , only psychopaths and gangsters . 
  we all know who started all this though , but sure keep pointing fingers to russia , y' all gon na be on the right side of history again . 
  the evil ukrainian nazi jews were flying fighter jets next to the airliner , being either incredibly careless , or trying to provoke this . 
  take your pick , either way a no-fly zone way back when would have prevented all of this . 
  hats off to everyone who let the clowns in ukraine ( both sides ) run amok . 
  the `` anti-corruption '' revolution was a great success . 
  such a great success , that all the positions have been re-shuffled to new `` pro-west '' oligarchs who are currently quietly fleecing the country dry ( as every ua government did beforehand ) and the govt . 
  received an actual `` war credit '' to keep the country intact , ie shoot up referendums with hired neo-nazi mercs ( azov batallion and the like ) and do strafing runs on civs . 
  woop woop , go democracy !, 
  i 'm really surprised that since the west insists on demonizing russia so bad , putin still has n't authorized a peacekeeper push into kiev , and make these shitwit motherfuckers eat ties . 
  might as fucking well at this point , really . 
  as someone with a bit more than a high school education , which seems the only thing you have going for yourself , your support of hillary is akin to someone supporting g.w.bush and mark my fucking words , if she is elected nothing will change . 
  if you are surprised as to why people might be against more of the exact same bullshit ( us foreign policy ) from washington , then continue on merrily shitposting , but please promise you 're not going into politics . 
  really wondering just exactly how misinformed you have to be to support hillary , over here . 
  explain why ua jets were flying next to the civilian airliner and making it a target , please . 
  explain why ua authorities declared the jet downed as soon as it disappeared from radar . 
  explain how the ua authorities knew what launcher was used immediately . 
  the same ua jets that have been getting shot down left , right , and centre for the past weeks . 
  if this was not a deliberate provocation , then it was complete and utter idiocy . 
  no-fly zone and a peacekeeper push way back when , would have prevented all of this , and you know it . 
  ua airforce have shown what they 're capable off , but sure point the fingers on one side again , i 've noticed this sub is pretty fucking good at it . 
  no mention anywhere about the jets . 
  case closed , enjoy the kool-aid . 
  if you 've got more than 2 brain cells to rub together wait a couple days for the real news and real reports . 
  and do us all a favor by trying to refrain from your shitposting . 
  for proof , look over this sub and count how many `` incredulous '' comments there are about as to why the seps launched the missile . 
  what a fucking joke . 
   yes , wise words from a woman who i hope becomes the next us president . 
  well , this confirms it . 
  this sub is a cesspool . 
  if you 've got 2 working brain cells to run together , you would know that hillary is walk-and-talking bag of trash ( look up her most recent statements regarding the way the `` chem weapon '' situation was solved in syria , or pretty much anything else , for proof ) , but then most of the us govt . 
  ` grats to you for supporting another to-be war criminal/profiteer . 
  perhaps europeans should be outraged by ua jets using civilian airliners as shields , but you do n't see a fucking word of that anywhere do you ? 
  i 'd love to have some of that kool-aid you 're having , maybe then i would n't be so mad at imbeciles supporting vermin like hillary . 
  the ukrainian jets that were using the boeing as cover whilst flying over rebel territory did this . 
  3 minutes before the plane disappeared from radar , ua jets were spotted next to it by the spanish dispatcher working in borispol . 
  if that 's not some type of provocation ( using civ planes as shields ) , it is complete idiocy from the ukrainian side . 
  establish a no-fly zone asap , how much longer will this shit go on , ffs . 
  ua airforce has shown what they 're capable of doing , ground them right now . 
  never mind the fact that kiev authorities declared the plane shot down as soon as it disappeared from radar , conveniently providing all the info about the launcher ( instantly too ) , this better not fucking be another provocation kiev is trying to pull . 
  moldova is a part of the free trade zone within the cis . 
  why should they remain in it after the eu deal and what benefit does it give to russia ? 
  of course no evidence on who was manning the launchers . 
  really helps russia to bomb some conscripts with archaic launchers . 
  where is nato with their high-def photos , i 've heard grad was fired off at least 5 times during the day . 
  or perhaps they clearly saw how the separatists crossed the border and are happy to let you fools , start up the `` shitstorm '' for them . 
  the sooner russian peacekeepers move in the better , you clowns are going to murder each other . 
  will anyone like to tell us where the russian launcher battery is and why it 's just a single unit firing ? 
  ua army has suffered massive losses in the region and it 's hardly a surprise they 're getting stomped like this . 
  guerrilla warfare by mostly ex-soviet army vs fresh conscripts with literally no morale , gives results like this . 
  look up how many tanks and bases they lost , if you think these kind of `` victories '' can not come from the separatists .
