did you have the uk threatening to send `` peace-trains '' full of ultra-nationalists and straight-up denying any referendum outcome beforehand ? 
  did n't think so . 
  good job on comparing the two , you 're obviously a very clever and brave young individual . 
  take a turd and apply directly to the forehead , genius . 
  people are fucking dying in ukraine , just so a pro-russian oligarch could get replaced by a pro-us one , and this clown over here is making charts . 
  if you 're such a history buff , go and look up what happened the last time crimea tried to get its independence and prepare to be pleasantly surprised you misinformed drone . 
  in crimea 's context , `` better than red , than dead '' makes quite a bit of sense ( look at what 's going on in lugansk/donetzk ), 
  no mate , it 's you who needs some military education . 
  modern warfare is all about heavy interdiction and subsequent maneuver warfare , so your challenger 2 is useless when getting shot up the ass by a group of t55s . 
  back to the couch , please . 
  i do n't know how many examples of `` modern tech '' being swarmed by decrepit arms we 're all going to need , before gung-ho , couch warmongers , such as yourself , realize anything can be taken down by something 4 + generations older than itself . 
  hit-and-run news strike again , no surprises really . 
  to have an idea of who frequents this sub , check up on those `` 2 weeks to kiev '' threads , it 's good fun . 
  well at the end of the day , us gets to sell some guns , russia has shown it 's not going to let its regional partners go easily and all we normal people got is possible defaults and negative growth in our countries across the board . 
  thanks for all the fish , keep on supporting `` freedom '' , motherfuckers ... 
  i wonder how many more of these freedom revolts , under the most dubious reasons , we 're gon na need to have until all you clowns wisen the fuck up . 
  i personally know children that are alive now , because of how spetznaz handled . 
  the little girl ( back then ) used to always talk about the big man that busted into the classroom and led them out of the fire . 
  whereas this shitlord here is making it sound like the russian military opened fire on the school and just waited for the terrorists to die . 
  absolutely fucking disgusting . 
  i do n't even give a fuck what r/europe thinks about ukraine and their `` counter-terrorism '' ops vs the populace , but i 'm not going to let them shit-talk the heroes of beslan , simple as . 
  when you live there , even if it is for a short time , it changes your life . 
  these kind of comments are absolutely disgusting . 
  the vast majority of the people were killed by the fire that was started by the hostage-takers and the subsequent building collapse . 
  10 spetznaz officers died carrying kids out of that burning hole . 
  some jumped on top of grenades , some blocked lines of fire in corridors . 
  there were men in their early 20s who deserve to be on this earth more than your misinformed , pathetic self . 
  go take a fucking shit-sponge and apply it to your forehead , imbecile . 
  then come back when you think of a better way to wrestle 2/3 of hostages from animals armed with automatic weapons ( do you know how many people one person armed with an assault rifle can kill ? ), 
  that have nothing to lose and strap bombs to 7 year old kids . 
  can you even fucking imagine what it 's like being the team leader tasked with entering a building with 1000 + civilians ? 
  motherfucker wo n't even bother to cite anything , besides pandering to the typical view of `` speznaz = bad '' , when the things they 've had to deal with no-one has had to face . 
  some countries launch airstrikes against compounds with hostages in them , some countries only ever have to deal with lone psychopaths , and you go try shitting on speznaz , that 's really legit and brave . 
  if you were captured by a muslim extremist , you 'd be fucking praying it was speznaz on the case , mate . 
  this is not the day for your bullshit , drone . 
  i 'd trade a 100 of you , for one of these heroes in a heartbeat . 
  go fuck yourself , armchair warrior . 
  obligatory [ tribute ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnrwwjzr8sm ) edit : personal question . 
  what does it feel like , to lie about and belittle men who have done more in their lives than you ever will ? 
  get in the fucking corner kid . 
  tell me , what it 's like to be fatally wounded , but still have the power to carry a person out a fire , whilst being under fire . 
  6 months too late , putin . 
  should have georgia 'd the maidan hobos in the beginning , before half the country was bombed to shit and sold for an imf war credit ( including a totally-not-corrupt president for their totally-against-corruption revolt ) . 
  ukraine has been delivering much more `` humanitarian aid '' to its people than russia . 
  trade union fireworks , referendum shoot-ups , exploding air-conditioners , etc. 
  go `` anti-corruption '' revolution , go !, 
  `` ethnically cleansed '' - this is why this sub is a joke . 
  georgians were doing the cleansing , whilst russia pushed back us-trained clowns to their capital and made their president eat a tie . 
  fucking fixed that for you . 
  pretty damn embarrassing , that years after this conflict has happened , there are still shitwits such as yourself openly spouting such drivel . 
  let 's all raise a glass to psy-ops . 
  they 've also promised neutral states and yet wherever russia left , nato moved in . 
  more big-bad-china scaremongering , very good article . 
  europe has obviously proven that they want all the best for russia in the 90s , it 's definitely a surprise russia 's acting out like this . 
  or maybe , just maybe , the eu should n't blindly sanction countries after supporting a coup of a democratically elected president . 
  the us has virtually no trade with russia , the eu does . 
  good on us for blindly following washington , it will definitely end well . 
  would you like to remember what happened after iran sanctions ? 
  most of the people here supporting this seem to be gung-ho nationalists/ex east bloc states , how the fuck their opinion is even relevant ( clear-as-day bias ) is beyond me . 
  exactly . 
  that 's what i was getting at . 
  not one single time were they `` running '' from nato over another country , but it 's refreshing to see how happy i made that guy . 
  just look at that spam of `` par for the course '' interceptions , hilarious . 
  sources on at least 5 of those incidents of them `` running '' from nato ( over another country * edit for the slow * ) . 
  should be pretty easy considering they do it all the time . 
  yup and i 'm the spin doctor here , sure . 
  whether they were avoiding a storm or not , could be argued once the ua military relinquishes the recordings of air-traffic control and the flight , ok matey ? 
  until then , this flight has taken the same route for the last how many weeks , storm or no storm , and that information is publicly available , you sad little apologist . 
  and people have the nerve to complain about the black box going to russia , whilst ukraine still has n't released the most basic info from their airport , bahahaha , you people are one big joke . 
  is reporting dead nowadays ? 
  you start pointing fingers after a couple of youtube videos and promises of implications , while ua has for some reason seized radar recordings and has not even acknowledged the fact that they had jets trailing the passenger airplane , effectively making it a target . 
  you guys are pathetic . 
  holeeeeey fuck , that level of brainwash , it 's just too damn high . 
  ua still have not released radar records , whilst shouting about `` destroying evidence '' . 
  ua still has not seized military ops in the area whilst shouting about rebels mo. 
  this is such a badly done joke it really is n't even funny . 
  1 hour before the crash , ua reports : `` rebels might have proper sam sites , capable of engaging targets at high altitudes . 
  plane is shot down . 
  ua immediately calls plane shot down , provides all the `` info '' about the launchers , and submits a video that is timestamped before the crash . 
  sounds fucking legit , carry on boys !, 
  here is a [ gif ] ( https://slavyangrad.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/ingograph.gif ) of the regular flight path next to the one of the crashed plane . 
  why was the plane diverted off the flight path on that specific day and why have the radar records been seized by the military , can you answer that ? 
  plane going off the flight path is not disinformation . 
  that information is publicly available . 
  so is the fact , that the records have been seized . 
  are you really that scared of being wrong , you have to call everything conflicting with your narrow view , `` disinformation '' ? 
  pathetic . 
  the speed with which this has turned into a classic western media `` shitstorm '' should be at least raising everyone 's eyebrows , with the recent track record of false flags , but hey keep on shitposting . 
  some extra-curricular reading [ 1 ] ( http://slavyangrad.wordpress.com/2014/07/18/emerging-evidence-points-to-mh17-being-a-ukrainian-false-flag/ ) [ 2 ] ( http://slavyangrad.wordpress.com/2014/07/18/breaking-part-ii-evidence-continues-to-emerge-mh17-is-a-false-flag-operation/ ) who profits from this , who diverted the flight , why are the radar records confiscated by the military ? 
  really curious how you guys are going to explain the timestamp of the `` rebel comms '' vid ( vid created before the crash ) , the plane changing its course , the military confiscating radar records , and our vanished spanish air-traffic controller , who was spamming tweets , before he was silenced . 
  why would there be . 
  [ here ] ( http://youtu.be/akkokmutqxe?t=1m11s ) in a video posted last month , a militia member describes how a bomber was hiding behind a passenger plane , before dropping its payload over semenovka . 
  last month , mind you . 
  talk trash about the dubious source all you want , but you ca n't deny the fact that they fucking called it . 
  with the report about the ua jets being spotted next to the airliner being drowned out by you imbeciles blaming russia , everyone very quickly forgets how the ua airforce operates/operated in the region and just spams their little anti-russia hate messages , because they finally have their `` atrocity '' committed by the separatists . 
  the seps called it a month ago . 
  no-fly zone was proposed more than months ago . 
  nobody 's talking about the ua airforce and that 's just plain sad . 
  why should russians feel bad about the separatist actions , when w.ua has been executing civilians for months now , with complete support from the west , nobody seems to feel anything in regards to that . 
  never mind the fact , that if you 've been paying attention , you would have seen how russia was trying to distance itself from the seps after crimea , toning it all down to quiet behind-the-scenes support .
