  do we hear about the issues and reasons that created those terrorists anymore , no . 
  world changes , ideologies change , but alienated people remain . 
  i 'm anti-immigration myself . 
  so you do n't have to convince me . 
  but i do care about truth , and try to point out weaknesses in arguments when i see them . 
  i think your premise is on shaky ground , thats all . 
  have we seen `` wahhabism terrorism '' since 1700 ? 
  terrorism needs bit more than just a piece of paper or a book . 
  people who reduce terrorism to islam or wahhabism are simplifying the causes quite extremely . 
   the current millions of migrants will raise the next generation of terrorists even though its possibility , its not necessarily true . 
  we have to assume that islamic terrorism will be thriving even in 20-50 years . 
  if we look at the history of terrorism , the circumstances for birth of radicalism usually do n't last that long . 
  sometimes the location is more valuable than few extra tanks . 
  plus , montenegro has very low population , are you expecting them to compete with large states ? 
  i 'm suggesting that west , a 10x more powerful than russia , perhaps should n't back down on its values . 
  this . 
  its really convenient from someone from germany to project their anti-us sentiment to entire world . 
  the population of montenegro is less than a million . 
  of course it has a small army . 
  the whole point for alliance for small states is have eachothers back . 
  and montenegro is sovereign state . 
  its not the book that radicalises the children , its the gownups . 
  the states inability to integrate , the parents shitty views , the imam at the mosque . 
  do n't know about the other balts , estonia does not import electricity from russia . 
  plus , i think all countries are now connected to finlands and swedens electricity too - so there 's no dependency on russia . 
  i think lately there are lots of voices in the west trying to be more `` careful '' when it comes to putin . 
  first of all , if you are so literal , russia ca n't create power outage in baltics , at least not on its own territory . 
  the example you made was about shooting itself in the foot , right ? 
  i support ukrainians . 
  but i do n't support far right . 
  wow . 
  surprising . 
  i 'd expect germany or someone in europe to veto this kind of move . 
   it 's like , say , russia would blow up its own electricity grid just to create some power outage for the baltic . 
  russian imposed food embargo from europe was exactly that . 
  and they used bulldozers to destroy ** a lot ** of food . 
  and it was state who did it , not few loonies far-righters ( who by definition are not reasonable people ) . 
  lol, 
  haha . . he complains about being ostracised just for being a muslim and in the same breath is critical of terrorists for targeting everyone , not like in the good old days when it was just jews . 
  seems to me he is complaining about a thing he is actually guilty of himself . 
  but then again , its just one dude , probably should n't project his sentiment to all muslims . 
  i think in europe there 's a lot of people who are just waiting an excuse to openly like putin . 
  especially if you go further left and right . 
  and lately there 's a lot of shifting further into extremes . 
  and there are a lot of hypocricy in the extremes because there are aspects like anti americanism that make their views conflicting - say , a leftist thinks putin is anti-us hence i like him ; and that sentiment overrides the fact that putin is militaristic nationalistic authoritarian leader ( semi-fascist ) . 
  and on the right we have people ( in estonia ) who like putins fascistic style , and that overrides the fact that putin is actually an existencial threat to our independency ( which presumably is biggest fear of far-right , as they keep blabbering about independency from eu and us ) . 
  tap to snooze, 
  i 'm pretty sure us is able to keep the isis issue separate from ukraine . 
  eu on the other hand is very much eager to appease russia as soon as there is opening for that . 
  eu is a master losing allies and bending over for anyone who wants to exploit its political weakness . 
  i 'm talking about 15-20 years  things can change in that kind of period , who knows . 
  but i would n't trust putin in any circumstances , he is probably one of the most cunning and deceitful leader out there . 
  another win for equality !, 
  gg portugal !, 
  i 'm not suggesting we go against russia . 
  i suggest not appeasing . 
  this economic ties thingy is so unnecessary right now . 
  there 's really a zero need to kiss russias ass at the moment . 
  russia needs us as much as we need them fighting terrorism . 
  thats the problem with eu leaders , they do n't know how to play a game even if they have good cards on their hands , they 'll just give away every strong position for no reasons . 
  while putin exploits every smallest strength he has against us . 
   they 'll be more dependent on our exports . 
  we just been there 2 years ago , did n't stop putin occupying crimea . 
  are we really testing that one again ? 
  in putins language it only means we are weak and exploitable . 
  i 'd say we should n't appease putin , and wait for the next guy whoever replaces him . 
  it does n't mean we have to betray ukraine . 
  russia will engage isis without our appeasement , as they are left without options after isis downed plane in egypt . 
  and by the way , till now russia has been bombing everyone else besides isis , since their main agenda is/was to support assad . 
  exactly . 
  everyone is doing their own thingy . 
  the union is a mess . 
  i find it fascinating how media affects us and leaves quite a skewed impression as if we are living in the worst times possible . 
  russia is funding/supporting neo nazis across europe now . 
  yeah , and its an indication how eu would behave if one of us got fucked . 
  eu has no consistent foreign policy . 
  seems like juncker is soloing it . 
  and what a weird timing , when everyone is talking about how to deal with terrorism . 
  imagine how that flies in ukraine . 
  eu is becoming pretty good at alienating not just the members but also potential ones . 
  let 's not forget mh17 . 
  it 's truly ridiculous . 
  some of the people in brussels are high . 
  i mean , there must be something pushing him . 
  i 'd understand if it was about military coop or something against isis . 
  but economic ties ? 
  now ? 
  what ? 
  this guy is in someones pocket or he has priorities in a weird order . 
  if they immigrate and have a suburb full of people not speaking english it kind of takes away the motivation and creates a cycle , leading to further segregation and alienation . 
   it is somewhat unexpected to sit in a bus travelling overland when all of a sudden that bus starts overtaking everything from regular commuters to tractors and other busses on a single-lane-each-way road . 
  haha . 
  so true . 
  i am not czech , yet i am able to live there and vice versa ( this is awesome ) . 
  i suggest you check the year you are in . 
   is there anything wrong with the phrase `` czech land for the czech people '' ? 
  yes . 
  it 's idiotic . 
  especially while being a member of eu . 
  i think the comparison is apt .
