  funny , but in the early 2000 it seemed almost inevitable that russia would become part of eu . 
  too much power in one mans hand is almost always a bad thing . 
  be it erdogan or putin . 
  or if we look at whats happening in europe right now . 
  hungary . 
  poland . 
  all are moving towards authoritarian states . 
  we will only see more similar stupid acts that will only lessen the possibility of peaceful europe . 
  it 's a sad state we are entering . 
  but in terms of westerners , not sure if i 'd give them much credit , i think in total war all people are stripped of their `` culture '' and more or less a physics or human nature overrides . 
  germany , one of the most civilised country proved that all that civilisation meant nothing . 
  we are clearly on a different sides here , so i guess its pointless to argue about who was wrong and who was right . 
  and as a person on western side of the curtain , i 'd say russia had it coming for a while now . 
  i 'd argue if anyone ( say , from nato , a poland for instance ) would have bombed donbass and every now and then crossed russian border , putin would shoot down the plane the same way ( as you can not bomb your allies and trespass without the consequence into macho land ) . 
  there was a video of pro-russian rebels unloading dead bodies from a truck , laughing and mockingly playing with a stick into open skull of a dead soldier . 
  i do n't want to look for the video though  i think the war in ukraine was n't brutal enough because it was n't total enough . 
  knowing that on both sides there was chechens fighting , i do think it did n't escalate just because it was much milder version than we have in syria ( or even what we saw in chechnya - where both russian soldiers and chechens did equally brutal stuff we see happening in syria ) . 
  even though i agree with you . 
  i think good behaviour should n't be criticised . 
  otherwise it will sounds just like russia bashing a while ago , everything and anything was criticised . 
  let 's be honest , erdogan , douche as he is , at least trying to de-escalate situation with russia while putin is actually doing only the opposite . 
  by the way . 
  in my opinion , erdogan and putin are very similar politicians , and you can almost draw parallels what he is doing in syria and what putin was doing in ukraine . 
  and i think we were not far from beheadings in ukraine , if the war would have lasted long enough ( we saw mutilations of dead ukraine soldiers on videos too ) . 
  as a liberal , i agree that left and center played pretty big role letting nationalism on stage . 
  liberals are usually soft and mushy , i 'm not . 
  i 'm machiavellian liberal , 
  religion in the east and nationalism in the west . 
  it 's like explosive mix in the making . 
  interesting , had pretty much exactly same convo with my friend last night . 
  although not sure if i agree that cold war was any `` quieter '' times . 
  vietnam war and cuban missile crisis just a few that come to mind that were way crazier than what we 've experienced with putin so far . 
  wiki . 
   state capitalism is usually described as an economic system in which commercial ( i.e. 
  for-profit ) economic activity is undertaken by the state , where the means of production are organized and managed as state-owned business enterprises ( including the processes of capital accumulation , wage labor , and centralized management ) , or where there is otherwise a dominance of publicly listed corporations of which the state has controlling shares . 
  [ 1 ] marxist literature defines state capitalism as a social system combining capitalism -- the wage system of producing and appropriating surplus value -- with ownership or control by a state ; by this definition , a state capitalist country is one where the government controls the economy and essentially acts like a single huge corporation , extracting the surplus value from the workforce in order to invest it in further production . 
  ussr was a long project . 
  if we look back at it as a whole , we see very clear tendencies . 
  massacre of white movement was rather short period - it was more or less russias internal political struggle . 
  but simply put , ussr was russian empire with occupied territories and `` sphere of influences '' . 
  like in any other empire there are idiosyncrasies and complexities . 
  but it 's naive to think it was some kind of multicultural gathering of free countries unified by ideology . 
  estonia was not communist country before ww2 and had very small minority who perhaps were communists - so of course , they are the ones who were chosen to be part of local repressive apparatus after the occupation . 
  russia agreed with germany they will split the europe , and it was n't meant to be done in a peaceful way . 
  germany lost , they did n't get their part of europe , russia was on a winning side , they got theirs . 
  and you believe he was planning to go ahead to next stage at some point ? 
  marx said religion is opium of the people . 
  i think it applies here very well . 
  it 's statistic . 
  majority will be fine . 
  but more alienated people create more radical people . 
  i am speculating that having identity problem will only accentuate the issue . 
  you probably grew up feeling belonging compared to people who go through teenage years in foreign land . 
  sure mate . 
  ethnic cleansing in baltics was just a voluntary coincidence , had nothing to do with dominance of moscow . 
  communism main characteristics is that property or production is owned by the workers/community . 
  ussr was a state capitalism . 
  what stalin contributed to the world is that people call state capitalism a communism or a `` brand of communism '' . 
  till this day in the minds of people stalin gets away with a lot for ideological reasons - especially in europe . 
  for some reason having agenda of eliminating a class of people is not such a big of an issue . 
  there are lots of progressives who still believe stalin was communist , while actually quite the opposite he ruined the project and the notion of communism . 
  if we use putin 's logic then all these sanctions and limiations that putin is implementing will only strengthen turkey 's economy . 
  imagine germany boming donbass and breaching russian border , constantly . 
  i think putin would flex his muscle even sooner . 
  we are talking about czar and ottoman , who depend on macho image , not us president or merkel - who are much more rational . 
  same could be said about every politics . 
  us support for saudis etc. 
  it 's all realpolitik , its all sad but true . 
  does n't mean we all should keep our mouth shut . 
  sauce ? 
  it very much depends on politician . 
  hollande is soft guy and can be bulldozed by putin pretty easily . 
  us on the other hand will definitely not sacrifice ukraine for isis . 
  the thing is , russia needs eu as much as eu needs russia when it comes to syria . 
  the only difference is that putin is much better at playing politics compared to eu leaders . 
  are there any good playstation4 deals in eu ? 
  we definitely heading somewhere familiar ... 
  i 'm for the coop on is . 
  but lets keep ukraine issue separate , thats all . 
  make a list of people who do that , and ban them from getting asylum . 
  i know that , but thats pretty offensive , although you do n't seem to realise that . 
  kazaksh definitely do n't agree with such remarks - hence the reaction . 
  now you know how we feel at least once a month when something `` juicy '' about estonia is in their news . 
  is n't navalny nationalist ? 
  i think this mentality is very nicely illustrated in putin 's famous comments about ukraine and kasakhstan not being being * `` real states '' * . 
  i think it 's actually quite the opposite to what you say . 
  whatever putin does there are endless waves of apologists who see him as a victim - while clearly he is aggressive thug . 
  why not admit the reality , both leaders are quite the same - gamblers and nutheads who do n't care about innocent lives . 
  russia finds a new enemy every 6 months - and then they claim something historical from them . 
  that country 's rulers are mentally unstable . 
  i fly with my friend sometimes , and i never understand what a f. . . are people saying on the radio , its a mess of extremely thick accents . 
  in europe we have ethnic nationalism , which is the basis for nazism . 
  in us its civic nationalism . 
  muscle flexing is expected response , as it is the only one available - that is what we will see from now on , from both sides . 
  i 'd bet on quite the opposite . 
  russia has been testing nato 's `` red line '' for a while now . 
  i guess they know now that downing a plane by a nato member is one of the real possibilities . 
  without this particular lesson putin would have been pushing further and further and it would become even more dangerous . 
  so i think the sooner he bumped into a wall the better . 
  russias response is going to be zero for a reason .
