  if the end goal is to have a republic or whatever , this is veeeery counterproductive . 
  that makes me think , there must be larger plan , create more chaos , prolong the conflict etc. 
  furthermore . 
  this guy is not a soldier . 
  he has no honor . 
  he is a murderer . 
  killing enemy soldiers for extortion purposes is scum of the earth material . 
  sure . 
  there are people or even perhaps groups of people who prefer to live in jail , this does n't change the definition of jail . 
   currently its not , it does not need to be this is not how definition works . 
  journalists dying , critics silenced , opposition suppressed , media controlled - in other words no freedoms and run by one dude , yeah its autocratic . 
   so unless you think that there will be another world war lasting for years , then your argument is invalid . 
  maybe not world war , but there is a war with russias involvement that most probably will be lasting for years . 
   if she suceed in forming a political group , the kremlin will finally have a more important voice in the parliament . 
  i 'm curious what `` corporations '' attitude towards this new anti-eu narrative is ? 
  i mean , we know there is democratic influence towards the policies ( populist le pen being supported by the people ) , then there is outside influence ( putin and co. or us ) . 
  but we know there is ( sadly ) almost as important factor in politics - money . 
  you can not stay in power without support of the business elite for too long . 
  are corporations and banks interested in reversing the eu , or it does n't really make a difference for them ? 
  few years ago no-one was complaining about immigrants in eu . 
  few years of recession and everyone blames them for all the problems . 
  let 's see if putin is going to be able to keep the economy going ... 
  might as well call it european auschwitz now that you went full retard . 
  oh , f ** k i think i 'm going to throw up . 
  so disturbing ... the guy was obviously in shock . 
  he is just walking around and filming while the woman is there saying her last words ... very very surreal . 
  sorry for sort of sidelining the topic , but , the smartphones we own are truly double edge swords . 
  on one hand world has to see this horrific side of war ( so there 's no romanticizing violence in young minds ) . 
  but on the other hand . 
  20 years ago this guy would be just sitting next to her holding her hand instead of walking around filming ... like wtf . 
  the age we live in ... 
   i 'm far from pro-russian . 
  i have just personally studied regionalism in the post soviet space and written a number of papers on it , hence my comment ok fair enough . 
  i 'm not qualified to argue with you then . 
  but to make my position more clear , it 's just that its not the first time i hear name dugin and his connection to kremlin . 
  there is myriad of articles about him being influential in russia and right now all i 've seen in this comment section `` he is not '' and `` what makes you think so '' . 
  my argument is that for years analysts and journalists have pointed out the connection . 
  plus it is pretty easy to connect the dots by just reading some of his interviews and listening putins speeches . 
  and even if the similarities between dugin and putin thought are coincidental . 
  there is still a philosophical question . 
  how in one it is fascist ( ethnic-nationalist ) and in other it is pragmatic politics . 
  how are they the same and at the same time different . 
  could you interpret third reich as a pragmatic ? 
   marine le-pen , the self-proclaimed french conservative and an open admirer of putin has just got a decent result at the europal elections . 
  now call this a miracle . 
  russians falling into the same trap as before . 
  they think some ideology is enough to be attractive , be it conservatism or communism . 
  remember the days when they believed whole world will be infected by their communist revolution ( proto russian-spring ? ) . 
  it 's actually quite amusing that dugin is not seeing the irony in his copy paste from history 100 years later . 
  he just flipped the ideology from extremely progressive ( communism ) to extremely conservative ( fascism ) . 
  `` yep , this time it will work '' . 
  my plan for domination of europe would be more like : get your economy fixed ( which by this pace will take a century ) , start making globally successful brands and businesses , in other words start producing shit . 
  countries will start want to be part of your `` union '' , maybe . 
   the eurasian union of dictatorships is pragmatism yes , by accident putin had same idea as dugin . 
  when dugin does it he is borderline fascist , but when putin does it he is pragmatist , interesting . 
  ( ok , seriously though . 
  i can understand why putin and pro-russians would like to distance great leader from dugin . 
  for the same reason as putin was extremely butthurt if someone compared crimea with sudetenland . 
  these parallels flip the strongest word they use against their enemy in the propaganda war ) . 
   what makes you think that dugin has any influence on putin 's ` vision ' if i google dugin i get a loooot of articles that state he is influential ideologue . 
  i guess you are presuming that putin is somehow excluded from the influence . 
  even though their `` vision '' of russia is coincidentally similar . 
  well , maybe not directly , but you can not underestimate his influence in putins `` vision '' . 
  i do n't think adding the work hours will necessarily help . 
  but i agree , lessening work hours in this environment definitely is not sensible . 
  what is most important though , is how effective you are in the working hours . 
  there was study , i 'm sorry but i ca n't find the source . 
  but according to the study greeks spend more time at work than germans . 
  which is pretty telling . 
  lol ok . sure . 
  at the moment lover or automated teller machine ? 
  oh man , you just farted from your mouth . 
  agree , that this is more of a putins ego-trip union . 
  i think in the beginning of his presidency term he actually believed he could create modern russia . 
  but he quickly realized he is not able to change ( because of ingrained culture of corruption left by soviet regime ) russias economy fast enough for him to enjoy eu style powerhouse . 
  and now he is just shortcutting into the union by force . 
  which is yet another russian endeavor that will end up in doom . 
  the main problem with russia is the economy . 
  just depending on fossils , without producing anything ( like us and eu does , or even china ) it just wont be attractive power to the outsiders . 
   you ca n't officialy blame russian government for that . 
  by the same logic no-one was supposed to blame russia for unmarked soldiers in crimea too , and lots of people went with that . 
  and maybe unmarked soldiers would be great new way of fighting wars , so we can live in illusion of peace . 
  since you know , its not official . 
   great article but i disagree with that statement . 
  americanisation globalisation is essentially becoming a bannana republic to the us and following their orders very much from the top down . 
  it 's all nice and dandy . 
  i agree with your us-free dream in the abstract world . 
  but as eastern european i do n't think i can trust europe in this stage at least . 
  nato is our main deterrence against russia , us alone has been with the balls in ukraine crisis . 
  i think putin could break eu apart without nato . 
  eu is impotent , its oral organization . 
  heck , look even at the recent elections . 
  most of the western europe seems to be leaning towards `` eastern europeans taking our jobs , lets `` close the borders '' ( which actually means build a wall between west and east ) '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure that attitude reflects in defense too . 
  without nato , if russia would go for a small baltic state , who in france or uk would care ? 
  so yeah . 
  it 's all good ideas , create our own eu pact and united army and all . 
  but leave nato today , no thank you . 
  i 'd rather have nato bases here . 
  you think us is bad .
