  is this a joke ? 
  i agree . 
  i lived through the 90 's in eastern europe , the message is way more important than the act itself . 
  they ( mobster mentality ) want others to know who killed and for what . 
  well , i agree with that . 
  it 's that russia has very good icbm and space technology , so i thought you are hinting to the fact that if you get these two things correct you can build anything . 
  you can send the money on my bank account , thanks . 
  yes , the lakes of money . 
  have you seen their cars ? 
  the fact that they are able to build icbm 's does n't mean they can build ships . 
  not saying they ca n't , but just pointing out the fault in your argument . 
  far left in sweden completes the full circle , they burn cars and protect proto-fascist islamists . 
  a lot of aspects of relations are spoiled already because of ukraine . 
  there are remains of some cooperations . 
  but lets not fool ourselves . 
  the reason for shitty relations right now is ukraine . 
  and if russia will push further in ukraine the relations are going to worsen . 
  perhaps one reason why there are deals reached in middle east because the interests overlap . 
  russia is also interested in weak isis and iran without nuclear weapons . 
  it 's probably valid question in any government spending . 
  i meant that russia can be a partner in general with us . 
  at the moment the relations are rather sour and i do n't see them normalizing in near future . 
  and when you compare ukraine to , say iran , i think you are making categorical mistake . 
  iran is extremely important issue to us . 
  but there is strategical difference . 
  iran is not going to be us ally anytime soon . 
  ukraine on the other hand . 
  for instance . 
  lets say estonia . 
  clearly iran is 1000 times more important . 
  but if estonia is eager to join nato , eu and other western institutions , you have suddenly very different dynamics . 
  alliance can be quite important in the long run , and trading with allies are perhaps only last resort thingy , like it happened in wake of ww2 . 
  russia wont receive solidarity when it comes to ukraine . 
  but on some other issues , maybe in the future , when things calm down , sure i can see that . 
  that guy definitely someone we should look for when it comes to predictions . 
  turkey 500 , wow . 
  now i see why that supporting isis thingy is tolerated . 
  well , he definitely does n't mean more independent from russian gas . 
  i used to think one day it will be european state . 
  but now i 'd say it never was and never will be . 
  it 'll stay as a hybrid thingy . 
  what can you do , its a huge land , reaching to the furthest asian corners . 
  you 'll never be able to call that europe . 
  unless it 'll split - which i ca n't see happening without ww3 or something . 
  i agree , colonization is way too dramatic . 
  but before china will dominate the world militarily and economically , it will dominate its surrounding countries . 
  in that sense they will definitely have more control over politics and such in russia at some point . 
  although i would n't hold my breath , these things are happening in this century , but not this nor next decade i gather . 
  i realise that , and thats what i mean , system is tilted so that you do n't have to be responsible for such catastrophes . 
  i ca n't help to think of it as unjust . 
  but there 's nothing to be done now , the deed is done and hopefully we learned something from it , i hope there 's going to be some group conscience to avoid over-lending . 
  ruining whole country for decades , millions of lives affected , has any politician or banker gone to jail ? 
  yet , have 10 grams of weed on you and face jail time . 
  what a just system . 
  above all , its a lesson for politicians do n't lend your country into bankruptcy , i hope . 
  banks lesson is that you can get away with anything . 
  agree , he is kind of like steve jobs , talented in how to run a company that does progressive technology stuff . 
   along with 1,000 ai and robotics researchers . 
  musk is just a star name . 
  1000 experts , pretty convincing in my opinion . 
  creating a robots for killing , its 21-st century version of dehumanization . 
  pretty disturbing prospect . 
  i was replying to u/vishbar about `` its not easy to get skilled worker visa '' . 
  it 's actually not so hard if you get a portfolio and just bombard the hell out of every company you can imagine that are after 3d artists . 
  companies all over the world sponsor the visas . 
  your situation of course is extreme and you are kind of in a hurry . 
   ukraine was already part of the russian empire prior to the revolution . 
  there were countries part of british empire for long time too , how is that an argument for being there voluntarily is kind of mind boggling . 
  3d artist are very much in demand almost anywhere in the world . 
  and industry values your portfolio more than a degree , meaning you can pretty much get a job directly from your home if you are motivated and able to create a decent portfolio . 
  do n't worry , losing the votes will make them act soon , if its not going to be too late that is , by that i mean if they are not going to be pushed aside by far-right . 
  prokofiev not produced by ussr . 
  shostakovich also questionable , as his schooling falls in between the regimes . 
  i would second that . 
  bulgakov is great . 
  but my point was n't that ussr produced * zero * artists on global level , i said barely any , and even bulgakov can not be compared to dostoyevsky for instance . 
  bulgakov is well known in eastern europe , but not much beyond that to my knowledge . 
  i didnt say there was no arts , i said brutal censorship dictated what to * not * `` draw and write '' and if you know any artist personally you should know this is not how you go about creating breakthroughs in that field . 
  they are well known within the field , but they are not household names . 
  and by arts i meant perhaps something that can be censored due political essence , playing piano is quite a-political artform . 
  writing music ( vocal ) on the other hand ... 
  i 'll give you solzhenitsyn as he is perhaps the only globally known writer comparable by fame to tolstoy and dostoyevsky , although not comparable by quality with the latter . 
  how is tolstoy a soviet writer ? 
  how is he produced by soviet union ? 
  edit : ok sorry , now i see , you wrote alexey . 
  is he any match to lev ? 
  and thats what i mean , lev is known pretty much anywhere you go , nobody knows alexey , and righty so , i 've read his books - junk . 
  actually , competent scientists was the only thing that soviet union was pretty good at producing . 
  well , mainly space related though . 
  they kind of fucked up with modern industry like cars and such . 
  and they kind of missed that computer thingy  other than that i wouldnt necessarily bring up science when pointing at mistakes of ussr . 
  edit : arts is way better example . 
  due to censorship they barely produced any artists if you compare to pre-soviet era - you could argue back then russia made some of the greatest writers and musicians of all time . 
  you know i was talking about russia . 
  one thing is when you start a war , what else you suggest eu do to stop putin ? 
  did we start a war in 2000 's when russia has been manipulating with the trade constantly picking individual countries one by one closing certain markets just to pressure politically ? 
  did eu do that before ukraine ? 
  now you know how it feels to be their neighbor for the last 15 years . 
  putin has been using trade as political tool against us quite often . 
  just look at the europe map and lets start dividing the borders again just because some countries have better claim over others .
