  the european conservative people on the other hand trying to stop to let in the conservative people , and also exactly the only reason why is the skin color , as when you take that away , the far-right in europe secretly admires the views of muslim immigrants , they have their women under control and no gay parades , if only they had the right skin color and religion would start with `` less barbaric letter '' . 
  and on top of that , there are quite sizable amount of immigrants who are supposedly running from hell on earth , yet have sense of entitlement like they are from united states . 
  i do n't know anymore what is what and which side is which . 
  that would be actually very positive move . 
  agree , i was like wtf . 
  but the source seems like some crap , so , no wonder . 
  ouch, 
  i 'd be very careful calling it so early . 
  right now they have n't done anything but `` appearances '' of action , could be just a pr stunt to get some political leverage with us ( be it for ukraine or something else ) . 
  the migration crisis plays very much into russias hand , i do n't see them rushing into solving it . 
  i 've used to be pretty pro-immigration too , 
  would any of the westerners want to come live in eastern europe themselves ? 
  the hypocrisy is pretty funny to observe . 
  yeah , west is rich , but do n't be arrogant about it . 
   while germany was opening gymnasiums , barracks and homes to refugee families , other countries were ` laying barbed wire on their borders and closing the gates ' . 
  i wonder if he is aware that not all countries have same resources as the richest member in eu . 
  i wonder if its ignorance or some political bullshit . 
  this means none of the countries are obliged to contribute to eu which leads to pretty fast disintegration of eu . 
  i agree on you on this one . 
  it 's just hysterics right now . 
  we saw similar hatred towards greece 6 months ago , nobody talking about that anymore . 
   and what about human rights and so on ? 
  smugglers are criminals . 
  why does dalai lama and pope `` hate '' refugees ? 
  by now , i think pretty much whole world is watching at europe and asking themselves `` why a richest region on a planet unable to get their shit together , protect their borders , get organized who gets and and who does n't '' . 
  nice try putin, 
  taxi driver can argue religion as well as anyone , he can , in theory know about religion more than majority of theologians . 
  yet taxi driver can not prescribe drugs . 
  there are system for that , and for good reason . 
  again , comparing these two things is silly . 
  comparing religion with medicine is ridiculous . 
  to believe in some god is for everyone , to be a psychiatrist is to those who have degree . 
  religion is not a science , its a ideology and partly philosophy . 
  in this case arguments are what count , not the profession person who argues hold . 
  in a train station . 
  healthy working refugees go to the right . 
  women , children and elderly go the left . 
  can we rescue all the people from every conflict in the world ? 
  can we force people to live somewhere were they did n't want to live to begin with ? 
  people risk their lives to go to germany , and they end up living in eastern europe with many times lower living standards ? 
  you say its better than syria . 
  but ** you ** say this , we did n't ask the refugees . 
  we can travel and work anywhere in eu , but they cant . 
  i think there are too many dilemmas with quotas . 
  not only practical , but also philosophical . 
  for the first 40k batch eu commission proposed quota for estonia was almost 10x the average ( per capita ) of the rest of eu members . 
  they fucked it up so bad that it 's going to be impossible to sway popular opinion now . 
  yeah , exactly !, 
  it 's amazing how short is our memory . 
  i was more or less joking . 
  i find it ludicrous to impose the quotas while we have such unequal living standards within eu . 
  poorer countries are just not ready for same behavior as wealthy ones . 
  my suggestion is mandatory equal salary quotas . 
  mmkay ... ? 
  i doubt thats on the table . 
  well , people with the `` welcome '' signs went back to starbucks to drink cappuccinos , their job of making themselves feel good was accomplished . 
  lets now watch reality unfold . 
  and then repeat . 
  few wars along european borders lately are of no help either . 
   actually its when countries reach middle income + standard of living so birthrates decline . 
  which is going to take too long to happen . 
  not true . 
  there was a village in india , relatively poor but with well educated female population ( isolated case in india ) , and birth rates were low . 
  i think thats one of the reason why `` social sciences '' use women education as proof for low birth rates . 
  eastern europe has become a scapegoat to channel the frustration of own political impotence . 
  but who cares , last year it was greece . 
  next year it 'll be someone else . 
  i think everyone kind of agrees that the ones are here are here . 
  i think latest number of sharing the refugees was agreed at 160k . 
  estonia was appointed by eu commission 500 refugees or so - and we are taking them . 
  but i think everyone ( in eastern europe ) is against permanent , endless quotas . 
  if you think eu is divided now , imposed mandatory quotas would wreck havoc in eu in long run , eurosceptics and far right would be gaining next elections . 
  my idea is to prioritize dealing with refugees abroad , not in eu . 
  i think we are heading towards that moment , once again , where people think its good idea to go and bomb a region . 
  almost every article about this has top comment as `` finally , someone going to f bomb them bla bla '' . 
  the historical memory is shorter with every day . 
  i hope we 'll find a constructive solution ... you know , priority would be eu , not some pink ideal of keeping borders open . 
  it is , but i 'd say even for west defeating isis is questionable . 
  did they defeat al-qaeda or taliban , nope . 
  so , i ca n't see that happening by russia either . 
  and putin is no fool to drag himself into that . 
  he probably has some other agenda ( which makes more sense too ) . 
  its probably going to happen more often from now on . 
  i think we 'll see unofficial closing and opening of schengen , rather than actual collapse . 
  yeah , theres been wealth division for a decade , but who cares about that , right ? 
  it baffles my mind how analysts are so eager to understand the poor from africa , but have no grasp of the poor in europe . 
  how many judgmental westerners would be willing to come and live here , with the salary we have here ? 
  have westerners seen the 90 's that we had to go through here ? 
  majority of our population still remember that era very well . 
  we just are not ready for same economical behavior as wealthy west . 
  even if i 'm a lefty , generally pro-immigration , there is a thing like historical context that drives societies and majority of populations . 
  and as a lefty i understand that . 
  we are just not yet ready for mass immigration . 
  we are not ready mentally and we are not ready materially . 
  i wish we were , but we just are not . 
  you are so naive . 
  you think russia has power to end isis ? 
  they did n't manage to deal with afghanistan , at ussr military peak , bordering the former country . 
  and politically it wouldnt make any sense that ending isis is in their interest . 
  they probably want to have leverage to deal with the issues with the west , thats all .
