  eat less , work out more . 
  problem solved . 
  i agree . 
  this is perfect to widen to voter base . 
  plus , it works great to take the focus away from things like russias money . 
  win/win . 
  in case of conflict estonia is extremely vulnerable when it comes to energy . 
  they can take narva and we are fucked . 
  so , stopping cables from scandinavia is strategically beneficial . 
  they need some discipline they clearly did n't get growing up . 
  agree . 
  it reminds me of eurovision . 
  we get standard stuff , put together by professionals , most of it decent looking , safe and by the rules . 
  there are few freaks , and perhaps from time to time we see something interesting . 
  at the time we find out germany was helping to spy on others ? 
  its becoming apparent everyone is spying on everyone . 
  one of the main function of army is to test drugs . 
  you got ta start somewhere , building empires is no joke . 
  kazakhstan is considered authoritarian . 
  just a hint for life . 
  there is no free society on this planet where a leader or a party can have 97 % of support . 
  i have friend working on the project . 
  and it seems many countries exhibits wo n't be ready for the opening , including italy . 
  i 'm sure it will all be fine by the summer . 
  but he said that construction there is a mess - everyone is late and organization is poor . 
  hey , i thought its the jews . 
  it is rather questionable . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone sane posting such thing and thinking it helps the cause . 
  at least this is the first thing pops to mind . 
  its some isis level shit , and we know ukraine is not radicalized to such degree , not even close . 
  i mean , there are psychos everywhere , but this is just too much . 
  there has been some disturbing stuff in past year , but nothing like that , and the barbaric stuff has mostly come from rebel side . 
  second idea is that it could be staged . 
  did n't separatists stage executions last summer ? 
  not strelkov , but the other dude who was head of rebels , ca n't recall the name . 
  all that said . 
  this is very hurtful and disgusting . 
  whoever did this should stand trial and face harshest punishments possible . 
  this is not hurting only one person , this kind of horror is devastating to a whole nation ( and not just a nation , but already vulnerable nation under attack on every level by very motivated outside force ) . 
  good . 
  that ride is offensive . 
  red army 's march to berlin symbolizes for us the beginning of repression and occupation for half a century . 
  i do n't care if they wave soviet flags and stalin posters in moscow . 
  but `` simulating '' the route of red army through country that suffered from russia 's aggression directly is just arrogant and extremely bad taste . 
  i agree with you , and it surprises me too . 
  we definitely have a few crazies here . 
  perhaps the main reason is that sputnik had quite a high bar on this one , since its meant as international news they put more weight on appearances . 
  i 'm sure sooner or later some will pop up . 
  your attitude will finish eu . 
  no excuses !, 
  you are armenian . . ok that was bad . . 
  this . 
  as russia is preeeetty vast , and far-east is definitely not european . 
  moscow and s. petersburg are european ( bit different from central europe , but you know , there 's a spectrum of characteristics even within central europe . 
  it all depends from what distance we are observing ), 
  it probably has to do more with identity than belief , but the trend will probably continue with russia hyping the nationalism . 
  latvia into nordic though . 
  i would say its a problem of modern politics in general . 
  nobody is working with long perspective in mind . 
  everything is 4-5 year cycle based , so politicians postpone difficult issues hoping next winner will deal with them . 
  all we have is bad choices to deal with the problem . 
  none of the `` normal '' politicians are capable of making the choices . 
  and that way we will have populists in power sooner or later - who 'll have mandate to deal with the issue in much more radical way . 
  it 's only matter of time when politics will shift further and further to the right , and average public opinion becomes more and more `` anti-alien '' ( the shift within last 5 years is already palpable ) . 
  plus it does affect the societies if we get large numbers of people who are from totally different cultural background and uneducated . 
  that affects many generations down the line , as we are witnessing now . 
  so the big flows of immigrants today are perhaps the small problem compared what it will be in a generation or two . 
  i believe when it comes to solutions , if we do n't become harsh now , we will become much worse in the future . 
  and someone made a good buck out of it . 
  i agree , both look amateur . 
  politician was equating the physical law with traditional marriage . 
  u/thmz pointed out it as a flaw . 
  you came in , and said that thmz 's opinion is not some sort of universal law . 
  but thmz 's whole point was that politician saw his opinion on the same level as physical law . 
  last elected president is poroshenko . 
  so , i do n't know whats the point of keeping referring to yanukovich ( who was ousted by putin really , as he pretty much took him out of crimea by force - he had to get rid of yanukovich to make his annexation `` legal '' , as it would have been rather peculiar if he would support yanukovich and at the same time steal the land ) . 
  ukraine has been always moving towards eu . 
  i would argue as soon as someone tries to turn it towards russia we see uprising . 
  the fact that there is minority who wants to be part of russia does n't give outside forces right to intervene and annex chunks of lands - as it will almost always lead to conflicts and wars . 
  edit : grammar, 
   it depends on his opinion on what marriage is supposed to be , what your opinions are on the matter is n't some universal truth you know . 
  except sun rising from the east is universal truth . 
  so your comment should be addressed to that soini guy really . 
  and your critical comment is somehow more useful ? 
  did you go clean the riverside after your constructive rant ? 
  do n't take facebook too seriously is what i would suggest to you . 
   i think you really underestimate what they 're running from if you think that 'll work . 
  it wo n't work . 
  but it will help to a degree . 
   they are human beings , not animals . 
  your response was -  well that is debatable . 
  it shows that he is like you , a racist . 
  religion is not searching its opposite , in my opinion . 
  and i agree with you wholly , religion is not problem nr . 
  1 , at least not in my world . 
  again , i think you are reading too much into my comment , i 'm here just to discuss this topic , but i do n't have strong agenda . 
  the fact that i feel some religions are outdated does not mean i do n't feel shame for other social issues - like marriage equality for instance , not to talk about wars and such . 
  i think you assume too much from my short post . 
  i could go into detail and write down my opinion in length , but its too tedious . 
  i 'm not against the idea of religion per se .
