   `` one can hear discourses at the highest level that people were forced into these ss divisions . 
  this is not a serious excuse . 
  glorification of nazism is inadmissible from the point of view of conscience and morale . '' `` russia had no choice but to collaborate with hitler . '', 
  - putin that 's serious excuse on highest level , it 's special . 
  oh , right the link about non-citizens , why not call them just dehumanized trash , second class just not spicy enough . 
  there 's no second class citizens . 
  they do n't want latvian passports . 
  for instance here in estonia we have big pro-russian party that swipes almost 30 % of votes every election , and not once there 's been citizen `` issue '' as their agenda . 
  here nobody cares about it , maybe some fringe group . 
  russia is just fabricating issues for their political cause ( mostly for internal consumption ) . 
  appreciated !, 
  well , nothing goes according to plan in such scale - plus there 's going to be huge effort to screw shit up from other side . 
  i bet smugglers will do everything to have victims so that the whole endeavor would be a failure . 
  whole immigration situation is going to be rough no matter how we try to `` fix it '' . 
  but i 'm glad at least something is scheduled . 
  doing nothing was ridiculous . 
  according to russia 's elite liberalism is fascism , so you have to redefine your denazification process . 
  if you understand russian , this is a good example of talented productive person ( nikita mikhalkov ) going crazy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_axvi9i4pg8, 
  except the context is that russia just expanded its borders . 
  the implications are very different when you ask the question just after annexation vs. a country that has been peaceful for more than half a century . 
  if its even going to happen , its just a proxy for us arming , so do n't worry . 
  i do n't know how much we can do to stop the war , but at least we can hunt down the smugglers - we can start there . 
  plus , giving aid across the sea is another option . 
  minimising the source sounds more realistic . 
  right answer is you have to do both . 
  humanity never has and probably never will eradicate the source , police and jails are necessity , not water splashing . 
  it was rhetorical question , right ? 
  uk population - 65 million . 
  estonia population - 1.3 million . 
  according to quota we had to take 1000 refugees . 
  sounds fair . 
  for 2000 years we had one giant straight parade . 
  god died tho ... 
  well , as i said i meant it jokingly , so not `` that scared '' . 
  well , maybe its a lost in translation ( i would like to hear it in russian to get a better sense ) , but in english `` should not be questioned '' sounds like a threat . 
  but then again i myself was kidding anyway . 
  putins `` threat of the week '' . 
  it 's good variety between the nuclear ones . 
  yeah , summers are better be avoided , 
  i mean , not even an invest . 
  i live in dark north , i 'd love to just own something in a sunny place !, 
  the sway is coming for sure and its going to be reflected in politics without far-right getting in power . 
  its the present power that will adapt just to stay in power . 
  oh , would love to see . 
  can you recall which news outlet was it , easier to find this way . 
  appreciate it !, 
  yes , but i think that 's what they are referring to when talking about podemos . 
  not throwing money for free is not meddling in other countries democracies . 
  we all carry the weight of ez and it 's a group thingy . 
  there has to be some kind of rules in a group effort , and yes , rules are anti-democratic by definition as you can not choose not to follow them . 
  how 's the rent in greece ? 
  is it dropping too ? 
  money sharks are probably grinding their teeth out of happiness . 
  i think you interpret it your way ( that it 's about the power ) , but it could be interpreted as not letting bailout become normality . 
  who is going to pay for it all ? 
  not this millennia . 
  interesting , we can criticize bush and u.s. after what they did in iraq , but as soon there are consequences for russia after invading ukraine then it 's somehow pathetic . 
  yeah man , poor russia . / s, 
   putin pointed out that there will be consequences , that russia will have to resort to a response of the military kind and re-orientate our troops and missiles . 
  title might be bit misleading , leaving an impression of military attack . 
  actually , was n't that bad durning cold war 1.0, 
  well , middle east probably has to be paranoid about us , sure . 
  its were us is most active with warfare . 
  but i doubt us has any plans to bomb europe . 
  and north korea does not have its troops on foreign land fighting in a expansionist war . 
  i guess the similarities come in with weekly nuke threats . 
  yeah , seems like its going to be a thing in europe . 
  after the kidnapping of one of our border guard officers we too are clearing up our borders from bushes and i 'm guessing investing in some fences and surveillance . 
  i think the thing is , they are so deep in , they ca n't pay the bailout . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  good to hear someone 's boosting funding of science . 
  whole world benefits from it , fuck the geopolitics . 
  i live in eastern europe . 
  everyone here agrees with fair quota . 
  the proposed one had us more than twice above average eu - wages and living standards wise we are below average . 
  does n't make sense . 
   `` washington says the planned measures are needed to ` increase the confidence ' of european allies in the face of the ` russian threat , ' '' the ministry said . 
   `` in fact , capitals in both washington and in europe are aware that the ` russian threat ' is nothing more than a myth . '', 
  i do n't know . 
  just today watched a youtube video made by guy called simon where we see step by step reveal of the fact that * nuclear state leader * and his establishment and pretty much entire media of a country are lying to their people and to international community . 
  russias aggression is not a myth , its a fact , stop lying you slimy a-holes . 
  you are not very well informed . 
  we are against proposed quotas which put more than double the average of eu for estonia for instance . 
  we are fine with fair distribution . 
   that still wo n't get eastern europe to agree to take in refugees . 
  eastern europe does n't agree to take the refugees ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
   eastern europe says mediterranean immigration is not their problem ? 
  who said that ? 
  irrelevant in relative terms . 
  short time ago russia was an empire . 
  influence wise russia is a fraction what it was 30 years ago . 
  the veto is just a remnant from these times . 
  i 'm very much in the centre . 
  in my opinion left and right , both are wrong , they approach it as on/off issue . 
  to me there is a middle ground . 
  we have obligation to accept certain amount of refugees , but the rest who do n't get in has to be dealt with with force ( similarily like us militarized and geared up the border patrol ) . 
  thats true . 
  i 'm curious how the left going to approach the immigration problem . 
  as usually they are the ones who support the helping of refugees .
