  russia wont attack the eu or nato , it would be literally armageddon if they tried !!, 
  i think the only reason russia is not attacking eu or nato is because of us . 
  so in that context i 'm blaming germany not being the security of eastern europe . 
  neither poland nor hungary have any power over russia . 
  but i do appreciate germany for pushing for sanctions and gas independence . 
  look . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i love germany . 
  i think its a great country . 
  great example for the whole world of democratic and successful society . 
  but . 
  i wish it would also cover the security part . 
  it just makes so much more sense that eu 's strongest is also a most powerful military wise . 
  like spidermans stepdad said , with great power comes great responsibility . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  exactly opposite . 
  all i want is stability here on the border . 
  we are the first ones to be destroyed in case of war . 
  i can assure you , few us or german tanks in estonia is quite enough for our security . 
  russia has no plans to go to war with germany or us . 
  but without the protection we are lost . 
  edit : i actually do n't mind so much russia constantly barking and bullying us . 
  they 've been doing it since putin got into power and we 've grown used to that . 
  but what worries me the most is the effect of lunatic across the border on our economy . 
  if russia keeps threatening with provocations and green men it might hinder the investments . 
   most people are n't clued up on technicalities . 
  they would fundamentally not understand what another government holding the ssl keys would entail . 
  yeah , for that you just need to inform people , not restrict . 
  you seem to want a daddy to make decisions for you , but do n't impose it on everyone . 
   they already have a russian facebook that is more popular facebook in russia . 
  they have a very good search engine also ( yandex.com ) so banning facebook and google makes even less sense . 
   by virtue of your arguement - if everyone started using a closed sourced operating system designed by north korea you 'd be perfectly fine with that ? 
  and by virtue of your argument lets ban the internet all together , as population is not tech savvy hence there is too much threat for any person who creates an account in almost any service ( paypal , apple , amazon you name it ) . 
  the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . 
  edit : i just want to add to the absurdity of the situation . 
  we are getting us tanks in few weeks here on the ground . 
  they are coming across the planet !, 
  ( wtf ) while germany is just chilling playing neutral . 
  yet we are ( in theory ) supposed to be almost like one nation ( due to eu and same currency ) . 
  i 'm starting to see it as a country ignoring its obligations ( and do n't tell me that power lacks obligations ) or just using eastern eu as a buffer . 
  how is that morally right ? 
   frankly , i 'm shocked facebook and google have not been expelled from any country that gives a shit about it 's citizens . 
  or just leave it up to every citizens own personal choice which service they want to use . 
  i do n't need government to dictate what i do with my personal info . 
  plus . 
  i can assure you . 
  in the long run it will hurt russia like it did when they restricted access to everything in ussr . 
  russia is not china , they wont be able to create innovative alternatives in 10-20 years . 
   damned if we do , damned if we do n't . 
  i would argue the problem lies somewhere else . 
  it 's about doing the right thing ( with the power you have ) - maybe thats what germans are not capable of . 
  as right now i see germany being on the wrong side of the history again . 
  just passively observing a violence in your neighborhood without giving a helping hand to a victim while being the most powerful in the region ... 
  perhaps then annexation of crimea was us plot and patriotic russian gives it back to ukraine . 
  oh right , only the things they do n't like is us plot . 
   they are a superpower . 
  and that 's why everyone already loses their shit before they even got started fucking shit up . 
  is isis superpower . 
  yet everyone seem to lose their shit even more . 
  georgia . 
  did they use nukes ? 
  would they have used those ships ? 
   so those ships will be sinks in a couple of hours if they are used to invade europe . 
  nato 's response is no way that quick . 
  there are so many opinion pieces out on this , most of them predicting nato 's full on response 2 weeks minimum . 
  maybe in the future nato will have better preparation for quick reaction , but at the moment russia is pretty much ahead with the speed of mobilization . 
  appeasement is what lead germany to degenerate state . 
  i think french do n't understand that even those 2 small ships are actually a existential threat to baltics for instance . 
  like someone already noted , these ships make possible to invade georgia in few hours instead of days - its not a trivial . 
  france might be all in panic because of isis , but it is a child game compared to what kind of threat russia poses to us . 
  but . 
  i think arguing about it is not very good either . 
  this is exactly what putin wants . 
  so better just swallow this pill with acknowledgement that french are assholes . 
  but when shit hits the fan i 'm refugeeing my ass into france with biggest sense of entitlement in the history . 
  actually i 'm not blaming french so much . 
  i was really hoping that eu politicians could come up with a plan to buy those ships . 
  but unfortunately , yet expectably there is no such initiative coming from bunch of softies in comfort zone . 
   destructive imperial campaign while murdering so called `` lower races '' are similar values are these european values today ? 
   we created the european coal and steel community . 
  while eu are bunch of countries with pretty much same values and objectives . 
  with russia the situation is quite different . 
  its like having a criminal as a partner who uses the economical ties and dependencies for extortion and blatant bullying . 
  and if you are bringing examples from history , you clearly missed the fact that cold war worked pretty well for the west . 
  so why not just go back to good old working model . 
  as i really do n't see how are we supposed to fit russias imperialistic ambitions and friendly relations into the same basket . 
  the referendum you are talking about is a farce . 
  there would n't be any referendum , thugs with guns ( in other words russia ) would decide for majority of people living in eastern ukraine . 
  any referendum organized by the `` separatist '' ( in other words russia ) is a joke . 
  and you sound like you are suggesting latvia to allow some kind of referendum ? 
  just like that , because russia imposes ? 
  i 'm talking about a solution how to deal with this new hybrid war situation . 
  how to eliminate the `` activists and tourists '' quickly , not wait and watch like ukraine did how they take over police stations and other institutions in the region . 
  and accusing ukraine in starting a civil war . 
  man , our understanding of the conflict is so far apart , i do n't know if there is any point of discussion . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i wonder if one of the solution would be similar to what ukraine did . 
  if there is going to appear some `` agents '' or `` activists '' for extension of novorossija in one of the baltic states just brand them as a terrorist organization . 
  and swiftly deal with them how eu is planning to deal with isis - jail , revoking citizenship , in case they are from russia deportation . 
  pleasantly surprised .
