  disturbing . 
  same people are `` worried '' about the rise of fascism in europe ( according to propaganda , especially in baltics , poland and ukraine ) . 
  give me a break . 
   why should being a victim of war crimes make one more inclined to support a military which commits war crimes ? 
  have my grandmother had a ride in us cattle train to gulag ? 
  have my grandmother had a ride in russian cattle train to gulag ? 
  yes . 
  is estonian army most powerful army in the world that russia wont dare to touch ? 
  is us army most powerful army in the world that russia wont dare to touch ? 
  yes . 
  is russia an ally , a country with western values that we identify with ? 
  is us an ally , a country with western values that we identify with ? 
  yes . 
  i could go on . 
  there are more reasons and context , but i hope you get the picture . 
  ( one word i remember real good watching finnish tv in 80s and 90s ), 
  i did n't evolve from monkeys because its offensive / s, 
  my friend moved to barcelona . 
  he loves it . 
  it 's all relative . 
  and i doubt many spaniards are eager to move to estonia . 
  we got low wages . 
  we got shit climate . 
  but there are things you can appreciate here too . 
  somehow i feel you are focusing only on bad things at home . 
  traveling is something that helps with perspective sometimes . 
  or even reading newspaper , if moneys is low . 
  australia was nice . 
  did n't stay there though . 
  too isolated . 
  i agree . 
  it is extremely irresponsible for a leader to blabber such statements . 
  his policy might have huge effect in the long run undermining secularity and turning whole country into religious/nationalistic nuts . 
  russia waging info war is a conspiracy theory ? 
  yes , it becomes problematic , as it is hard to distinguish between actual people with actual thoughts and paid shills . 
  and that is the main challenge for western countries ( not russia ) , as we hold freedom of speech on pedestal . 
  how to deal with new situation where one country is maliciously exploiting the freedoms of the other country ? 
  it is serious dilemma and europe has not come up with good solution yet . 
  its always ironic when pro-russian is so concerned about democratically elected presidents and freedom of speech . 
  it is quite funny , as me too used to think missile defense is pointless , now i 'm starting to see a purpose . 
  nothing will happen with obama . 
  depending on who 's going to be next president , but most likely us will have much tougher stance on russia in 2017 . 
  i think its a part of `` psychological '' war that russia is fighting against west . 
  putin wants west to be `` hindered '' as much as possible with fear , so that he has more room to play in his neighborhood . 
  i seriously am starting to think he is preparing for something bigger . 
  that in 10 years we will see him going full retard . 
  i hope i 'm wrong though , and he is just creating `` opportunities '' that he will just exploit when necessary , that he has no grand plan . 
  right . 
  could be because of iran potentially going to war with war israel , hence destabilizing whole world . 
  but i 'm sure you have your mind made up . 
  or someone else won the `` auction '' . 
  well , theres your glimpse to `` russias perspective of things '' . 
  this is what they are fed daily , and guess how it affects their thinking in long term ? 
  we ca n't just ignore it and think all going to be okay . 
  i do n't want to draw exact comparison , but just to illustrate my point i 'll ask , how do you think extremists are created ? 
  by lies , hatred and brainwash . 
  we are seeing whole nation being drowned in lies and hatred every day in mass scale . 
  if this is not worrying , i do n't know what is . 
  just this week there was a statement by russian diplomat that poland and baltic states are trojan horse in europe . 
  meaning that everyone else in europe loves russia , if it was n't for those pesky little us pawns there would be no sanctions . 
  we are baltic country . 
  but after soviet fall we have taken nordic as a `` moral beacon '' . 
  finland has definitely had huge positive impact in many aspects . 
  its ironic nonetheless . 
  the fact that `` he/she '' cultivates the worse side of capitalism . 
  its not just buying food . 
  i 'm very much pro-capitalist , yet even i dont buy mcd just because i do n't want to support that type of shit . 
  plus its not cheap at all . 
  its just lazy and fast . 
  and listening to the op interview , they talked openly about next `` target '' being ukraine and crimea . 
  and today , we talk exactly same way about baltics being next , despite us being in nato . 
  putin has been escalating his aggressions with rise of russias capabilities . 
  how to escalate next one ? 
  hybrid war with nato . 
  lets be honest , even a country size and power of usa do n't want to have open war with russia . 
  nato will have hybrid response , but no direct confrontation . 
  i have very negative view of my future . 
  it 's not gon na happen now , it 's not gon na happen next year , but i 'm quite certain that within next 10 years russia will try to claim its ex-soviet region . 
  they will just need to recover their military strength - which is work in progress as we speak . 
  i do feel we are seeing 1930 's again . 
  i think you are underestimating consumer market a little , but i do n't really know what you are arguing here . 
  the point was that russia would have been much better off by being an eu ally and having close relations with eu . 
  you answered russians do n't have money to buy anything from europe ( leaving an impression that eu has nothing to offer ) . 
  maybe i misunderstood you , but i 'm saying that even if the economy is in toilet , people still buy shit ( cars and electronics and what not ) . 
  and quite probably the economy would not be in such shambles if russia would not start invading countries in the first place . 
  solution to that is new elections ( which did happen ) , not a landgrab . 
   if the previous president of ukraine was still there russia would n't have ... yanukovich did run from a country . 
  to russia . 
  with lots of moneys . 
  is n't it convenient ? 
  in essnse : putin in 2008 - there is no territorial disputes with crimea between russia and ukraine . 
  putin in 2014 - crimea has never been legitimately ukraine , it was given away by mistake , we are taking back land that we consider as `` holy '' . 
  mark my words . 
  the stuff he is saying about poland , finland and baltics now has no meaning . 
  they can come up with `` rational '' excuse tomorrow that will override anything said in the past . 
  and just to add a cherry to this already good find i 'll leave this one here -  in 2002 , when asked at the post-summit press conference about ukraine seeking membership in the alliance , he ( putin ) answered , `` ukraine is an independent , sovereign state and will choose its own path to peace and security ... . 
  such a conversation would be entirely appropriate and entirely possible . 
  i certainly do n't see there being anything particularly tricky here , anything that need or that could cast a shadow over relations between russia and ukraine . '' source - http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/new-atlanticist/russia-must-also-hit-the-reset-button, 
   russia has no money to buy anything from europe is n't putins car mercedes ? 
   not to mention that crimea is n't historically ukrainian ... modern russia is not historically russian .
