  it 's not your usual mix of old and new like in most european countries . 
  but its consistent confined medieval stuff . 
  on top of tallinn medieval is very unique in context of europe . 
  it 's dirty and grunge , design is simple and primitive like from game of thrones . 
  and in gof they do fight for those towns . 
  i think it could be even more complex than that . 
  as some surveys show lately that minority russians in estonia are not interested in joining russia . 
  most of them are loyal to estonia . 
  but i have a feeling that this invasion can be done pretty much on appearances . 
  all you need is a local nutty and 100 imported thugs to create the image for propaganda to west and to east . 
  it 's seems this is how its done in ukraine . 
  lots of info confusion , chaos and on top of that videoclips of some violence or protests is like a flashbang that paralyses the west . 
  putin found a great weak spot in western world and it seems he can recycle the tactics until eu and us adapts to it . 
  maybe a good civil unrest app ? 
  and i would add that might mean disintegration of eu too . 
  lets not forget that eu and eurozone play quite a symbolic role too . 
  it 's interesting , that this article focuses only on us and 1 million people on a small piece of land . 
  like many others here in comments mentioned nato is not only us . 
  if russia would attack estonia i have a feeling that the whole baltics would go to war and that would very probably lead poland to join and from there perhaps rest of eastern europe and next step germany etc. 
  i have very opposing feelings about this . 
  on one hand , looking at the history , i would n't be surprised if no-one would help estonia . 
  on the other hand , i would be quite surprised if no-one would help estonia . 
  as estonia is very tightly stitched to western world ( more so than some scandinavian friends even ) . 
   russians are not butt-hurt about ww2 like poles and other professional victims russia is pretty butt-hurt about fall of soviet union . 
  poles and others not so much . 
  and lately large portion of putins rhetorics is based on being victim of us ( that even is reflected in your comment ) . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i dont think its only that . 
  here in estonia the whole media is overtaken with pro-russian commentators . 
  they are almost like bots , sometimes comments feel out of context and are just generally anti nato or us or they are written in broken estonian probably using google translate or something . 
  i think russia is really pushing the infowar thingy . 
  this poll is probably closer to reality . 
  but russia is winning the propaganda war and creating the illusion like there 's huge masses wanting to join russia . 
  there are few nutties here in estonia who are planning few protests this month for referendum . 
  although russians are minority here , and perhaps tiny fraction of russian minority would be interested in good old soviet times , i 'm still worried that kremlin is organizing a small tourist group for that protest and creates a spin for yet another propaganda attack . 
  this is the thing . 
  russia has come up with some very clever and dirty tricks to create illusions . 
  russia has always been good at it . 
  the whole soviet union was built on appearances . 
  and west is not yet adapted to fight it . 
  edit : grammar, 
  there might be also partly just not wanting war , being afraid of it . 
  it 's not 1914 where lots of people were actually eager to fight ( as much as i remember from literature ) , war was romanticized and men wanted to be heroes . 
  you might need to investigate this one - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_the_press, 
  this is like something from monty python . 
   he got crimea almost without spilling a drop of blood , he got record-high popularity . 
  how many world leaders claim the same ? 
  there was one guy , his name was ... started with h ... or something . 
  i think you are using russian logic here . 
  it was the other way around . 
  baltics and other easter european countries joined nato , they were not swallowed . 
  these countries have their agency too , ok . 
  european rednecks are perhaps more focused on race and nationality but us rednecks on top of being racist are usually also religious . 
  so i 'd say both are quite equally nutty . 
  yes , i 'm saying that comment section ( especially delfi 's ) is a toilet wall . 
  making any conclusions from there is extremely superficial . 
  on top of that there was a study done in estonia , and apparently only 3 % of population comments in our media . 
  and i 'm arguing for both sides here . 
  russian version of delfi is as xenophobic and horrendous as estonian version . 
  they both are just huge hate hellholes . 
  talk to your friends and relatives to find out what they think . 
  i have a lot of educated friends who are very sensible . 
  and half of my family is russian . 
  and neither reflect your descriptions of discourses . 
  my friends and family are much closer to moderate - and i think thats where the most population is . 
  i think the most agitation and provocation comes from kremlins propaganda . 
  other than that russian and estonian communities are getting along quite well ( it was much worse in the 80 's for instance ) . 
  yes , they are also quite separate . 
  but its like that in any part of the world . 
  its rather natural . 
  also . 
  there 's problems everywhere you go . 
  these problems has to be solved . 
  but peacefully and sensibly . 
  and i think that your first comment was polarizing and agitating , that kind of thing only makes situation worse for both sides . 
  edit : grammar, 
  read russian delfi in estonia . 
  this is such a idiotic place to get your info that i do n't know whether to laugh or cry . 
  try use youtube comment section for your next journalistic endeavours . 
  there 's so much bs in here that i do n't know where to begin . 
  russians worst off than latvians in ussr times ? 
  is any russian sent to death camps ? 
  are they put to jail for being politically different ? 
  is their national unity slowly eradicated by forced migration ? 
  are they censored in media ? 
  and that latvian discourse you have . 
  it 's a joke man . 
  there are rude people on both sides and same goes to nice people , there are stupid people and there are sensible people . 
  but your latvian discourse is just filled with poison . 
   putin is not a dictator , he is elected by a large portion of the russian population . 
  he is definitely a dictator . 
  yes , he is popular , but the way he keeps his popularity is arguably not democratic . 
  controlling the media , killing critics and repressing opposition is not considered part of democratic rule . 
   by the same token why do we have a right to interfere any more than russia ? 
  i did n't see * our tanks in crimea or gathering on the border of ukraine . 
  i think theres different definitions of interference . 
  eu tactics in this case is more like using a carrot and russia is using a stick . 
  theres civil way to do it and there 's last century europe way to do it . 
  i mean , we can play relativistic game here and say all is fair , but it wont take us very far as humans . 
  i think europe has done pretty amazing job since last ww2 by not fighting each other anymore and finding a way for new members to ** want to join .
