  dali was fantastic at marketing ( he is a brand ) and i think his designs ( e.g. 
  furniture ) and photography are actually better than his paintings . 
  came here to say this - rembrandt . 
  fantastic photo . 
  its not so cold there yet , is it ? 
  you are barking at the wrong tree . 
  i 'm anti-nationalist almost to the extreme ( at least by the standards of this sub ) - in my view europe would be better off without nationalism ( not just nazism ) as a whole . 
  all i 'm trying to do is to explain how a `` villain '' can be a hero to some . 
  and in my view , like i said before , bandera is just ukrainian stalin - a villain to others , but a freedom fighter for them . 
  bandera fought stalin , some would say its an achievement on its own - like i said , its a matter of perspective . 
  for some bin laden is a hero who fought american imperialism . 
  you ca n't pretend and say there 's some objective truth in this matter . 
  jaak madison . 
  he praized hitler for good economy . 
  he got caught stealing an iphone from a tourist . 
  he was accused of an assault on a woman . 
  and he is now in a parliament . 
  refugee thingy has become pretty black and white in this sub , do n't bother . 
  and migrants in europe do n't , because they are lazy . 
  i do n't think anyone in europe has many issues with russia housing him . 
  maybe even opposite . 
  us is different story though . 
  plenty of statues recently raised and hailing him as a winner of ww2 on victory parades is more than just implicit heroisation on state level in my book . 
  in regards to using atomic bombs on civilians , well , i guess we just have to disagree on this one . 
  in my opinion its as evil as it gets , but its acceptable only because it was done by winners ( similar to stalin phenomenon - `` it had to be done '' ) . 
  it 's similar to russias stalin . 
  someones terrorist is someones freedom fighter . 
  we have people here who also consider some who fought on german side heroes because they fought ussr ( which is clearly controversial ) . 
  history is more complicated here than it is in west when it comes to ww2 . 
  although i 'd say they are all wrong and right at the same time . 
  usa used atomic bombs on civilians . 
  i 'd say its quite controversial move . 
  yet since they were winners its kind of brushed under the rug . 
  they want those gas chambers back where they can walk in voluntarily i guess . 
  i wonder what goes through the mind of a neo-nazi when he thinks that torch is a good prop to take to a march . 
  reminds me of this sketch from mitchell and webb , where the ss guy questions the symbol of skulls on the uniform . 
  you are on point . 
  its definitely partly ussr baggage , as close neighbors outside the iron curtain are drastically different ( which is ironic as many in the west perceive ussr as progressive system ) . 
  he coldnt stand what exactly ? 
  people of different race ? 
  usually there has to be grassroot approval for nazis to reach power . 
  i think its much more disturbing than some `` illegal power grab '' . 
  georgia has barely any russians and they have russian-oriented gov. 
  if poroshenkos government fails with reforms population will most likely choose russian friendly government . 
   98 % of 13,306 recorded cluster munitions casualties that are registered with handicap international are civilians , while 27 % are children . 
  wiki, 
  good relationship between two maniacs is whats dangerous . 
  europe has bad experience with that . 
  good username by the way :p, 
  i agree . 
  but i 'd add , that putin is world power . 
  when he eventually steps down or dies at old age or whatnot , the world power of russia will also diminish . 
  putin is exceptionally strong leader for a country that is in decline ( relative to new emerging powers ) . 
  unless they get another putin . 
  but people like that come rarely . 
  yes i agree . 
  i think putin is very good at fighting at multiple fronts . 
  he chooses the battles so that they complement each other . 
  no , i know . 
  i said the last thing in half humor . 
  i love new tech . 
  to keep ukraine under russias influence is tenfold in importance compared to crimea and syria . 
  putins eurasian union is nothing without ukraine . 
  police just received their pigeon messaging technology , they will focus on catching pigeon dating gang first . 
  there 's a theory its the facebook/twitter generation . 
  since they grew up controlling their daily facebook feed by unfollowing anything they dislike its manifesting now in real life with `` safe space '' . 
  not isis , not nukes , this is how civilization will fall . 
  we have no idea how apps and phones affect our children . 
  cant wait when vr comes out and see what it does to the next gen , 
  wait . 
  it 's better to leave a child to be raised by a government ( almost like in a farm ) than by actual parents ( be them two men or two women ) ? 
  no , its just pope . 
  :( bad day for progress . 
  fair game though , as it was democratic decision . 
  i guess there 's point of debate whether minority issues should be solved democratically or not . 
  both world wars triggered by nationalism . 
  eu not eurozone . 
  but probably still your point stands . 
  german public not willing to support nato-s article 5 anyway . 
  not that i think it 's good if germany would leave nato . 
  just that it probably plays more or less symbolic role there anyway . 
  i have a feeling you get downvotes for the first sentence . 
  illustrates the crisis nicely - reactionary . 
  people have irrational fear for immigrants here . 
  it 's bit ridiculous . 
  but you ca n't ignore it . 
  look at poland . 
  look at their late politics , and this is just a light sneeze compared what is to come . 
  we can force resettlement , but it will only push europe further into instability on political level . 
  and i do n't know which is going to be better in the end , for all of people , but especially for refugees . 
  on the other hand . 
  i see some good in forced resettlement too . 
  i think if refugees are forced to live in eastern europe , they will quickly realise the mistake of migrating here . 
  so they will either go back to middle east , or will refugee themselves back in southern europe or germany ( which will just prove how stupid the policy is ) . 
  fair point . 
  germany just reminding us not to trust them when it comes to security . 
  i think the point is that if you make a law for one you should make a law for the other too - otherwise it looks like discrimination . 
  by abusing power like in africa you wo n't `` expand in power '' . 
  eu is wealthier and stronger if its bigger in size and population . 
  it 's fairly simple , so i do n't even know why am i explaining it here .
