  the amount of corruption , not the money involved . 
  as west is richer and you could suspect bigger sums in every aspect . 
  except in russia and nk the dictators wealth is beyond any proportions you have in west . 
  i know there 's corruption in eu - you are stating the obvious . 
  but the difference with russia is astronomical . 
  i lived through the transformation of estonia personally . 
  the cleansing from corruption was astonishing . 
  and we are not even close to scandinavian level . 
  saying everyone is corrupt and trying to leave an impression that all countries are on the same level is just lame . 
  might as well say all countries are north korea . 
  countries differ , and they differ in amount that actually matters . 
  yes . 
  i am against russias imperialistic ambitions . 
  i do n't mind putin messing around in his own borders , but i dislike the fact russia is annexing countries in 21st century and imposing its bs onto sovereign neighbors . 
  if only russia would be more like eu ( productive , liberal and relatively low level of corruption ) i would n't mind joining their eurasia . 
  but right now they are exactly opposite - unproductive , corrupt and authoritarian . 
   unless war has already been started by nato countries arming ukraine for your information war is already going on for a while . 
  russia invaded crimea and then eastern ukraine . 
  you have all mixed up . 
   that would leave russia no choice but to fight back . 
  quite the opposite . 
  russia is leaving no choice for nato . 
  putin has been pushing his invasion for a while now without any signs of stopping . 
  which i think is great . 
  if theres no rules for russia , i hope west will treat putin like he does west . 
  just deny any involvement ... 
  history shows appeasing nationalistic dictatorships do n't work - without consequences they keep pushing . 
  you say russia would stop with ukraine . 
  but what is the base for your claim ? 
   starts to quietly attack those nato members who gave arms to ukraine . . all out war in europe . . you letting your imagination run pretty wild  us profits from selling both side arms . . wow . 
  in estonia we often refer finland as an older brother . 
  if i was defense minister i so would use the opportunity to cheerfully state ukrainian army buying arms in supermarket . 
  i kind of agree with your thoughts . 
  but you mention that russia has nothing to gain starting full scale war . 
  i 'm thinking russia has done quite a lot lately that could be put in the category of `` negative gain '' . 
  still messing about in eastern ukraine could be considered as not productive for future . 
  but russia still does it . 
  and my thoughts are that putin is not russia , he is not seeking best for russia , but rather that he constantly has to cement his power . 
  its what dictators do . 
  it might cost russia a lot , but putin has no other choice , he created the throne where there is no turning back . 
  and so , in that context . 
  i can see russia doing something pretty wacky . 
  plus , lets take into account how the west with pleasure plays along the game of `` civil war '' when appetite for conflict with russia is zero . 
  would west go to war for a small chunk of land lets say in finland , or estonia ? 
  and i 'm sure we are not the only ones who wonder ... 
  i can see that my sentence can look bad at first . 
  but dont get me wrong , i precisely wrote that something semi-radical has to be done with immigration , that means policy ( not the immigrants ) . 
  and i wrote it in the context of present situation where even stopping the current flow might be seen as quite radical ( racist ? ) . 
  i live in estonia , we do n't have the same problems that more developed eu countries have . 
  we have a risk of little green men . 
  but there 's no asian or african refugees here . 
  i 'd love to see some here too as i actually am defender of multiculturalism . 
  but developed eu looks like have reached the limit ( for now ) and if it keeps going the same road i see some dark days ahead ( i really hope i 'm wrong tho ) . 
  nope . 
  i 'm half-russian . 
  i very much dislike putins politics , and it shows , i 'm ok with that . 
  nevertheless i had a point , that was meant to be general . 
  if country is number 1 in education ( be them russians or whoever ) ** but ** are not on top of the world with rest of stuff ( like economy , culture - crime , corruption ) there must be something besides education that makes a country prolific and successful or there is something wrong with the way the chart is made . 
  maybe . 
  but i think there has been problem evasion for some time now . 
  left has been ignoring certain trends and i can see the whole anti-immigration blowing into monster some time in the future . 
  5 years ago it was unthinkable that so many far-right politicians will be voted for in eu elections . 
  and even now with the visible change in the politics there are so many people saying the numbers are wrong its too simplistic etc. 
  i 'm very worried where will we be in 5 years . 
  i despise nationalism . 
  but at the same time i start seeing that right wing has been better than the left at predicting europe 's problems . 
  right wing is rising to power and if we do n't do something semi-radical with immigration now they will do radical in the future . 
   mydealz.de thanks !, 
  guy on the left has underwear on his head ? 
  well thats truly surprising and fascinating . 
  i guess education not helping them much since russia is such a shithole ( sorry russia , lets not fool ourselves economically and culturally not the best place on earth . 
  at least empirically judging not many people want to emigrate to russia . 
  and do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm estonian , i 'm happy with a lot of things in my country , but its also relatively a shithole . 
  regardless of our super duper e-infrastructure it is not a country everyone runs to live in . 
  although at least we are heading in the right direction . 
  russias soviet reunion is gon na flop , and all this education is going to be even less relevant . ), 
  i like the irony how pro-russians keep reminding that current government is not democratic . 
  how is that even an argument coming from russian side ? 
  agree . 
  it 's probably too costly to fight in western ukraine . 
  i imagine in west there would be much more people willing to join the army to protect independence and i have a feeling not so much russian people are willing to go to war with ukraine . 
  and putin is not yet stalin to be able to make them . 
  it 's actually almost a traditional thing for russia . 
  they 've been fabricating trials to communicate a message ( mostly a threat ) since the beginning of ussr . 
  russia is run by thugs using state institutions as a decor . 
   so his opinions on art are wrong ? 
  well , if he says art can not be critical most probably his opinion goes beyond art . 
  authoritarian states do n't like critical art because censorship is needed . 
  yeah , the whole world is pro-russian . 
   ah , our regular bi-weekly `` why hungary sucks '' self-post is finally here . 
   i do n't hold any particular love towards orb\u00e1n or his party , but this is getting ridiculous . 
  i would say opposite , your type of comment is something that always comes with these type of news . 
  i guess it makes sense as you probably agree with orbans `` censor '' school of thought - `` lets not criticize hungarys move towards authoritarian state '' . 
  there is definitely anti-russian sentiment in the west ( i 'd say justified , or do you suggest people should favor russias latest politics against their will ? 
  not to make too exaggerated comparisons , but are you bothered people being biased against isis . 
  at least west reacts based on the values . 
  some countries lack any freedom of press and create news only what autocrat dictates . . winkwink ) . 
  plus . 
  like u/vdale already said , no reason to lump all west in one .
