  but its your choice . 
  but dont equate your own stupid preferences with imposing them onto others . 
  and i can say exactly the same . 
  anyone who sided with stalin is burning in hell now . 
  and on top of that . 
  majority was hammering that russia would never invade eastern-ukraine . 
  what is our next red line , what are we going to be 100 % sure of ? 
  russia is never going to touch a nato country ? 
   your suggestion that ussr was worse than nazi germany is quite laughable too . 
  you are not very familiar with baltics history , are you . 
   funny that no proof is provided . 
  just `` words . 
  guardian and its journalists are quite credible source . 
  if you think they are lying you are the one who needs to convince a lot of people . 
   that would be similar to russia organising a youth group and calling it `` nkvd '' or `` russian liberation army '' or `` stalin 's little helpers '' . 
  i 'm sure that would upset some people , even if the group does nothing bad . 
  russians here celebrate the victory of red army which is quite offensive to us as it symbolises the terror and occupation of ussr regime . 
  but we allow it nevertheless , we do n't send disapproval letters to russian embassy every year . 
  that particular erna raid for us means the fight against evil regime of ussr which ended up to be worse than nazis . 
  but it does n't praise the nazis in any way , it is ridiculous notion . 
  i 've never heard any poltician or with anyone who has any public traction even hint to some nazi ideology . 
  on these independence and historical events the focus is always on freedom and fight for freedom . 
  estonia is very small country that has been abused by larger countries throughout the history . 
  we 've never wanted to be occupied by any evil , be it soviet russia or nazi germany . 
  by `` their culture '' person can mean those particular guys who propagate sharia law . 
  how does pointing out us flaws defend your claim that turkey is democracy ? 
   in the most basic sense , yeah . 
  in that basic sense russia is democracy . 
  and so was nazi germany . 
  yeah ... no . 
  `` russophobia '' in this context is rather weird notion . 
  distaste for russias politics and widely cultivated mentality ( of imperialist chauvinism ) is quite justified in baltics and now russia seems to give reason for finland to turn their back to them . 
  is n't there requirements for that ? 
  country needs to be democratic and match specific criteria to be able to join ? 
  two points . 
  first . 
  it boggles my mind how russia misunderstands the way west works . 
  just a few months ago finland was one of the `` allies '' of russia in eu . 
  how are these actions in any way a good strategy ? 
  lets alienate all the neighbours - somehow its good to have no friends . 
  second . 
  notice the pattern of bullying mostly small countries . 
  i do n't know if i can see russia do that to a german company . 
  very likely its going to be used as a trojan horse ( ironically everyone knows that , so not exactly trojan horse as originally it was meant as a surprise ) and potentially the symbol of white is going to have extra connotation for long time . 
  so it would be okay ( in your view ) in germany today to propagate killing jews ? 
  just to be clear . 
  i 'm not against your opinion right now . 
  just curious , as i find this line between free speech and call for violence quite interesting , and i want to see how you defend your position . 
  edit : grammar, 
   yes , it is , and the answer is `` yes '' . 
  if your people is so little convinced about democracy that such propaganda would sway them , your democracy is dead to begin with . 
  so you are okay with hitlers propaganda for killing jews since its freedom of speech ? 
  he controls the media , oppresses the opposition , silences journalists and criticism - dictator in my book . 
  do n't project . 
   china wont care you can be pretty sure they are stashing it all in `` great ideas how to get siberia '' folder . 
  good old ukrainian self-defence activists caught shopping . 
  you can no longer buy camembert in russia but thats okay because they just needed few tanks . 
   interdependency is precisely what makes it less likely for conflict to arise , and if it does to take the form of an economic battle rather than something worse . 
  this is not the case with russia . 
  interdependency between two democratic countries with similar business ethics does work well to avoid conflict . 
  but interdependency with a dictatorship , where one person who is aggressive , unpredictable and has gangster mentality uses business as extortion tool , i do n't think you want interdependency with that . 
  that actually shows how shortsighted this blockade strategy has been . 
  it only works as extortion or threat for short period but after a while the businesses reorient and russia loses the ability to do it again . 
  soviet statue got moved . 
  it was mostly political thing . 
  escalated to ridiculous degree due to warm weather . 
  it was one of those things that is extremely silly but somehow everyone took it so seriously . 
   good on us for blindly following washington , it will definitely end well . 
  what do you mean following washington . 
  i see it as washington followed us ( we in eastern europe were the first ones who wanted sanctions ) . 
  yeah , its going to hit us , but in the long run its for the good , we will get independency from russia and no longer going to be blackmailed through economical ties , as russia does n't seem to want to be business partners but uses business for political extortion . 
   ukraine has little to do with us . 
  and you expect rest of the eu help you with the immigrants ? 
  most practical would perhaps be to build a wall around italy . 
  because you know , eu is not doing great right now , let italy deal with its problems by itself . 
   it 's just like comparing sand and apples . 
  so you would prefer eu invading something in return ? 
   better to serve the chinese then the eurocrats . 
  what a great mentality . 
  the only dynamic between two subjects is master and slave . 
  just a good business relations does n't compute . 
  putins approval graph is interesting . 
  clearly 2008 georgia gave him huge boost . 
  but after a while dropped quite deep . 
  i guess we have to wait few years and see what he comes up with . 
  the more we postpone dealing with immigration ( in rather tough way ) the more radical the solution will be chosen in the future . 
  and i dont mean its going to be genocide . 
  but im afraid its going to be ugly . 
  so we should expect euromaidan in hungary soon . 
  buckle up . 
   the ukrainian government is closing in on the separatists in donetsk , making intervention the only way for russia to keep at least some of ukraine under its thumb yes . 
  yeah , lets block everything related to russia in / r/europe . 
  is it ? 
  because us economy not in best shape after iraq and afghanistan . 
   he got 70 billion cash for himself only . 
  not to mention what his cronies stashed away . 
  mubarak and gaddafi had lots of cash too . 
  putin might be powerful but he is playing a game where he doesnt have one important option - leave the game without going to jail or get killed . 
  russia is unpredictable and no-one knows how long one can stay in power there . 
  by now putin has made lots of enemies and people wanting piece of the pie .
