  there is no normal relations while putin is pushing his agenda , and unfortunately it will probably last till the end of his terms . 
  why would they not be able to change the constitution . 
  is n't it what they usually do when reach power ? 
  take orban , erdogan , putin and that new polish government . 
  except polish bias , they all kind of like each other , always admired the `` power '' . 
  le pen is no different . 
  he brought portugal as an example . 
  portugal is eu member . 
  thats bit more than just trade agreement . 
  far-right are usually authoritarian . 
  the longer they stay in power the less chance is that there 's going to be any `` voting out '' . 
  nobody here believes its out of philanthropy . 
  both parties want something . 
  and both parties freely agree with the terms - hence the name - alliance . 
  being on an island helps . 
  strict gun control easier than anywhere else - especially compared with us , where there 's massive amount of legal and illegal guns already in circulation . 
   it is time to set aside our cold war mindset and stop being picky ... lol . 
  crimean annexation , war in donbass and mh17 happened year ago , not in the 60 's . 
  although i agree with that -  the best hope of getting rid of isil is an agreement between all the powers -- america , russia , france , britain , turkey , saudi arabia and the rest this last segment is what i 'm skeptical about -  everyone in paris last week seemed familiar with one quotation from sir winston churchill . 
  when hitler invaded the soviet union , churchill decided to qualify his lifelong hatred of communism . 
  `` if hitler invaded hell , '' said churchill in 1941 , `` i would make at least a favourable reference to the devil in the house of commons . '' and as he foresaw , it was the russians who did the most to help us win the war . 
  because for eastern europe the end of ww2 was just another beginning of deportations , camps , repressions and occupations . 
  and here we stand again in similar situation . 
  what is boris johnson proposing to pay with ? 
  is it ukraine this time ? 
  i 'm also somewhere in the middle . 
  act ( rationally , yet humanely ) depending on circumstance , is sort of my view . 
  dislike far-left and far-right for same reasons . 
  in my opinion , both are eager to spill blood for their cause . 
  yup . 
  it 's a cycle . 
  i 'm not so much worried about france though . 
  it has strong human rights and democratic base . 
  the rise of far-right in eastern europe is much more menacing . 
  extremists almost always bring war . 
  agree . 
  people have learned nothing from history . 
  fn will only make things worse . 
  i have no problems with downvotes here though . 
  i know i 'm on the correct side of the history on this one . 
  fuck far-right . 
  in spring , i was downvoted because i was anti-immigration exactly for this reason , to keep far-right from rising . 
  and i was considered too harsh on immigrants , too right-leaning for this reason . 
  now , i 'm considered too left leaning in this sub . 
  it 's scary how quickly people have gone from one side to the other . 
  i 'm afraid its not impossible for europe to go even further into extreme , given that fact that the crisis will probably last for some time . 
  i do agree that this is the reason and this is the problem . 
  does n't change my mind about far-right . 
  in my opinion we ourselves can be much more dangerous to europe than any refugee crisis . 
  looking at the history , its been far-right and far-left who has the biggest body count in this region . 
  i can understand that . 
  perhaps this will be a lesson to the rest of europe . 
  the politicians that are in power now will start moving their asses . 
  sensibility is good for europe . 
  far-right is never sensible response . 
  nor is far-left . 
  fn winning . 
  bad news for europe . 
  far-right is not an answer . 
  for us nato will become very useful pressure tool against superpowers like china . 
  after the fall of soviet union it was n't about russia anymore . 
  for some members though in eastern europe its about russia . 
  but majority of western countries worry about bigger players . 
  with ak he could have killed much more before stopped . 
  saw it couple months ago . 
  fascinating doc . 
  very fitting to what 's happening now . 
  nobody wanted to get involved . 
  eu was especially weak ( even though war was at their border ) . 
  very discouraging was that even the genocide did n't push eu into action . 
  it was only when us stepped in with brutal bombing campaign things started to change . 
  trained soldiers have accidentally shot down civilian planes in the past too . 
  both us and ussr . 
  and your real world seems to be few sensationalist articles and youtube videos . 
  great . 
  i can find on internet for any kind of ideology or movement ( say nationalist ) shitloads of crazy websites and individuals who are extremists . 
  does it mean it represents the whole ideology ? 
  it was a rhetorical question , because it does n't , only for simpleminded people perhaps . 
  they ? 
  who ? 
  i 'm a feminist . 
  and i 'm just a guy . 
  i think women should have equal rights and treated equally . 
  it 's about equality for me . 
  your comment is good example how some people still need education in this field . 
  like / u/locutusofborges pointed out , equal treatment is and should be default mindset of all people . 
  i agree that it would make more sense to give it at university age . 
  but lets not get carried away comparing it to bible and quran . 
  i have not said west is not driven by ideology . 
  i 'd actually say quite the opposite . 
  not talking about national interest . 
  talking about how it was served to population and how they interacted with it . 
  by the way . 
  i 'm not arguing that moscow is crazy . 
  i think they are very calculated . 
  but i do claim kremlin is not void of ideology . 
  in early 2000 putin was n't harnessing ideology . 
  it 's entirely different picture now . 
  takeover of crimea was largely justified on nationalist terms . 
  you ca n't convincingly claim that putin is not engaging in ideologies .
