  i 'm not blaming anyone actually , and agreeing what you just said . 
  blaming people will not bring any solution to the issues , quite the opposite , will distract us . 
  not interested in hair splitting argument in regards to definitions . 
  but i can sense how much r/europe has changed even within year . 
  the sentiment is becoming more and more anti-immigration . 
  i can assure you , within the next 5 years the change is going to be palpable . 
  whole europe is turning to the right , its inevitable . 
  but i would n't be too worried . 
  there has been always a change from one side to the other . 
  it 'll blow over . 
  20-30 years . 
  time for russian concern to intensify . 
  i believe putin is actually real pleased . 
  just 2 years ago the narrative was that us is turning its axis on pacific , pulling out the troops and bases , europe is becoming irrelevant . 
  seems like it hurt putin very much , man who grew up living in a country that was fighting for # 1 spot on the planet ( well , not really , as later turned out ) , and all of a sudden wake up in a totally irrelevant country ... quickly something had to be done , waving with nukes and messing about with `` separatists '' in europe brought back the giants attention . 
  now russia feels relevant again . 
  once again the illusion of fighting the superpower is restored . 
  there 's no better compliment for man like putin that just because of him , the # 1 is bringing the military back at his doorstep . 
  life has purpose once again . 
  comission did not reveal the `` logic '' behind their computations . 
  and its a shame , because our country is in majority very much pro-eu and been `` good rule follower '' . 
  but this late idea definitely undermined eu in many peoples mind , and in my view this is the worse , as i can already imagine the slogans of some eurosceptics next election . 
  eu just had to do fair quotas and there would n't be any problems , but now its going to be a fucking nightmare for politician even to mention the word . 
  you are omitting the fact that we are actually willing to accept refugees ( for solidarity ) , but we object proposed quota % , which would mean we have to receive proportionally more than double than the rest of eu . 
  explain why , and then we can discuss it further . 
  i think its very important point . 
  here in estonia we are happy to accept refugees too , but quota % proposed was proportionally way higher than average in eu . 
  yet we are way below average when it comes to income etc. 
  just does n't make sense . 
  i would add , the fact that france is not tackling the problem with force also cultivates unlawful behavior . 
  its if by 2050 nothing will change . 
  but believe me changes are bound to happen . 
  eu will be less attractive , as there are other rising economies and welfare in eu will be dead by then . 
  plus , chinas money is already bringing drastic changes in africa . 
  there will be more successful countries within africa , that will become magnets for migration . 
  i always find these long term predictions rather outlandish , as very few of them are able to consider change , but world is never static . 
  haha , finland as fixit . 
  we are going to be doing that eventually , so why not just do it sooner . 
  belarus is not in eu , sherlock . 
  and like i said . 
  we disagree on one major point . 
  you think putting nato armor here is dangerous , i think its the opposite . 
  so most of your sentences do n't make sense in my view . 
  and i really yawn at your last one . 
  why would anyone have to die for me ? 
  we are talking about effective deterrence , and disagreeing which way we can avoid war - which is the ultimate goal . 
  tanks and troops here , best way to keep putin on his side of the border . 
  and can you understand that estonia has no chance against russia in a war alone since russia is more than 100 times bigger ? 
  allies are our only hope . 
  are you a child to make such idiotic remarks in regards learning russian or emigrate ? 
  maybe you should emigrate from germany if you are afraid of protecting european country . 
  we are part of europe you know . 
  plus . 
  nato as a organization is not pointless . 
  it has helped to keep peace in europe . 
  nato allowing russia to take one of the baltics would mean end of nato . 
  and lastly . 
  i 'm half russian . 
  my family is russian speaking at home . 
  i know russia more than you ever will at your nice comfortable and safe distance . 
  holy shit thats some serious chaos and anarchy . 
  it is like some wild west without police or anything . 
  i feel for the migrants , as you can clearly see some desperation . 
  but on the other hand , that could be result of us ( eu ) letting things go out of hand , if you do n't control this kind of shit with the law and police this kind of chaos is inevitable . 
  you are alien to political messages if you think it 's not a `` message '' to the west . 
  plus , here 's another for you :  mikhail vanin told the told jyllands-posten newspaper : `` i do not think that the danes fully understand the consequences if denmark joins the us-led missile defence shield . 
  if that happens , danish warships become targets for russian nuclear missiles . '', 
  did i annex a piece of land ? 
  it 's funny how you expect that after what russia pulled last year there would n't be any consequences . 
  we are nato territory . 
  we accept any nato help if you 've been following our countries . 
  ironically many would prefer germany would send some armor and troops . 
  but it 's not gon na happen any time soon , so you can keep flaming us . 
  there 's actually no certainty that russia is able to full scale invasion . 
  taking a major city means destroying it grozny style , and ukraine has many many large cities . 
  plus you need to sustain the occupation which is even more expensive . 
  my opinion is that the reason russia is using hybrid tactics is because it 's not ready for full scale stuff . 
  internet people love snowden so the bias is to assume it 's a fabricated lie first . 
  in anticipation of down votes . 
  not a republican or something , i think snowden did a right thing by leaking . 
  shifting some u.s. arms here makes more sense than keeping loads in western europe . 
  diplomacy has little effect when it comes to putin . 
  muscle is the language he understands . 
  there are recorded phone calls of seps discussing shelling 2 times forward and 1 backward . 
  i guess its the matter of whether you consider the calls being authentic . 
  sbu has pretty good track record publishing real ones . 
  but i 'm not arguing all of them are , we 'll never know . 
  the look into a camera is like michael from office . 
  they just want to get into power , they do n't give a shit about the security . 
  actually , they do care about security , but in negative way . 
  radicals thrive in violence . 
  few days ago we had anti-immigration quota protest - rather small freak show . 
  there were skinhead idiots with sign `` violence is not a goal , but it is an option '' . 
  i do agree , eastern flank could have their own organization . 
  cmon , le pen is definitely on russias payroll . 
  there are no proof for that in farage case , so i would n't accuse him of that . 
  it would be huge boost to our security too , if this eastern flank sticks together we are in much better position , russian forces has to be spread quite thin . 
  and the fact is that we can rely only on eachother . 
  western europe sees us merely as a buffer . 
  for me its rather surprising that nobody seems to be mentioning we are talking about attacking europe union , not just nato .
