  but it is rather natural we expect to have at least the same standards from them as what rest of the world does - language test . 
  also . 
  latvian language , very small on the verge of dying out . 
  russian language on the other hand no way a minority in this aspect . 
  out of respect towards that language country is under obligation to try to preserve it . 
  third . 
  a lot of them choose not to get the citizenship . 
  i know many . 
  i have heaps of russian friends as half of my family is russian . 
  and they prefer to keep the `` grey '' passport so that they can travel to eu and russia without visa . 
  while being an latvian citizen you are cutting yourself off the russia . 
  why would a state want to force passports on people , why would that be a good thing ? 
  people have a choice . 
  yes they have to pass a test , not a significant thing to do . 
  edit : grammarino, 
  agree . 
  things are moving in right direction ( very late , but better than never ) . 
  nowadays lots of good graffiti artists paint the houses by commission . 
  the problem with that is that the only way to reach a good level you have to paint a lot . 
  there are plenty of abandoned buildings etc were graffiti artists mostly do their schooling . 
  i agree there is a line where graffiti should n't be acceptable . 
  but the line is pretty blurry in my view . 
  every private property is not `` holy '' so to speak . 
  putin already started a war . 
  you are not part of it but others are . 
  and i 'm pretty sure there are ( were ) ways to stop his invasion without starting a war . 
  if germany and other eu states would have sent their soldiers in right after mh17 , putin would have retreated without questions , it was his huge mistake . 
  i am a big fan of good graffiti painting . 
  but i freaking hate tagging . 
  this is no dick contest . 
  we have authoritarian country annexing and invading parts of europe . 
  no sane person wants to go to war . 
  but putin has to be stopped . 
  and unfortunately he can understand only the language of muscle . 
  you think you can sweet-talk him out of his imperial ambitions ? 
   but my trust towards the government has certainly increased as i can see they make decisions according to their views and values and are not affected by populism . 
  yes , i totally agree . 
  we are in minority i 'm afraid . 
  but on the other hand . 
  that really means ( from my point of view ) we have actually decent people running the country . 
  i have talked to a high ranking guy from ministry of justice and he was like `` i ca n't believe we still have to even discuss it , this should have been done long time ago '' . 
  so yeah ... 
  i hear you , super embarrassed we have so many people against universal civil union ( i guess we can call it that ) . 
  but on the other hand i 'm glad quite many are voicing their support . 
  and i 'm torn whether gov. 
  should push it through . 
  i 'm afraid that majority of estonians will go nuts and trust towards leadership be even smaller , at the time where we need it . 
   `` tough against putin '' shit here should pin this to their forehead . 
  appeasement did n't work with germany in the 30 's . 
  yes , but thats what i mean . 
  if the nato becomes too burdensome for the us for instance , might be cheaper to get rid of it than responding . 
   nato loses credibility and years of trust is lost between the countries . 
  i think russia can destroy natos credibility only if in some weird world state it is beneficial to us . 
   in most cases i can see russia simply attempt to repeat its crimean scenario agree with most you said . 
  i think defending against this unconventional type of attack from russia will be mostly left to the particular state ( with natos unconventional help perhaps - gear and maybe small numbers to help put down `` separatists '' ) . 
  ukraine was in wounded situation , and i think that is condition needed for russias new tactics . 
  if they would send their green men today , i think baltics are capable of eliminating few `` tourists '' . 
  but if there is some sort of bigger unrest there might be some problems tackling everything at once . 
  i really do n't believe in full blown war between nato and russia . 
  both sides will try avoid it at all cost . 
  unless of course putin has n't lost his mind or his life is in danger due to some internal power struggle - which is rather realistic scenario with dictatorships . 
  you suggesting switzerland or norway act like imperialist regimes within europe ? 
   but it happened anyway because ** that 's how the world works ** . 
  not in europe . 
   too many latvian parties to choose from , too few russian parties for russians to choose from . 
  exactly the same thing in estonia . 
  we have election early next year . 
  i have a feeling its a fragile times for elections . 
  if pro-russians get majority the problems are inevitable . 
  it would be so easy to provoke people on the streets and from there we do n't have to use much imagination for darker scenarios . 
  i think it all starts whether they themselves consider themselves french . 
  if they value their muslim identity and background then it is going to affect their `` integration '' . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  no offense , i would n't get my hopes up . 
  last time this method did not work . 
  ww2 was a result . 
  i think its something like with ukraine . 
  if they avoid calling things by their names they can avoid responsibility . 
  day doesnt go by without some north korea style news from russia ? 
  is that how pre-ww 2 felt ? 
  is putin just mind-fucking or is he truly gone bonkers . 
  you are trying real hard to project your own nationalism on others . 
  haha . 
  dude , you are truly delusional , take off your pink glasses . 
  hundred thousand deported within 3 days for crimes ? 
  it is called ethnic cleansing by every definition except yours . 
   the fact is that russians experienced that much worse but 99 % of hate comes from baltic states germans experienced worse but you do n't see them justifying holocaust with that . 
   usually nobody tells about real reasons of sending to gulag . 
  who loves to accept one 's relative 's guilt ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  somekind of communist original sin ? 
  i appreciate your perspective and understand what you have in mind . 
  although our disagreement probably comes from different take on putin . 
  well , i am not claiming there is a brain drain . 
  bbc is . 
  my point was that putin kind of wins from it ( if the premise is true ) . 
  over hundred thousand of baltic people were deported and tens of thousands shot in the 40 's . 
  i do n't know what you even mean in the second part of your comment . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  the fact that there are other people who went through similar thing does n't take away anything from the crime .
