  there is plenty of neutral or pro-russian stance in west . 
  not only in western europe , but also in east . 
  regarding this particular article . 
  i 'm confused . 
  the forbes speaks different story ( which i 've seen before ) . 
  this kind of questionable stuff should n't be on front page here . 
   indications of just how infiltrated they are by us ? 
  or there are lots of individuals who hate/don ' t like putin . 
  after all , he is a a-hole and he has done pretty good job eu citizens turn against him . 
  i thought we were talking about europe ( eastern ) in general . 
   who would have thought that we get blamed for ~ ~ not enganging in military operations ~ ~ * defending allies * outside of our borders some day ? 
  fify, 
  bad people exist . 
  welcome to reality . 
   so the claims of the russians , have some basis then ? 
  russia claims it was nazi coup and the country is controlled by nazis . 
  this is totally bs . 
  these guys are not part of the army nor majority in the government . 
  i find any nationalist rather disturbing as i think the ideology is wrong . 
  but i do n't see how is ukraine different than any other country in that respect . 
  there are nazis everywhere , including russia . 
  listen to the latest bbc hardtalk with poroshenko . 
  he makes it clear if anyone abuses human rights or brakes the law gets punished ( context - right sector ) . 
  i guess wearing swastikas is very disturbing sign - yet not illegal i think . 
  poroshenko promised they will dissolve such thing as azov brigade ( or whatever it was ) and under the ukrainian army these kind of things are not allowed . 
  and till now we 've seen fascist or nazi like acts mostly from the side of rebels ( tie a woman to a post and let locals go at her , parading pow in the city etc ) . 
  like i said . 
  rebels admitted they shot the plane down . 
  later backtracked which is even stronger clue . 
  plus rebels were shooting planes down left and right prior to that and after the incident . 
  while ukraine had no reason at all to have any aa action in the area . 
  plus there are plenty of videos and images of buk driving around in rebel held area . 
  yes , there are chances that ukraine did it why not . 
  but there 's nothing convincing out there that would suggest that . 
   while i do n't want to sound like a conspiratard well , the only conspiracy in this scenario is that ukraine shot down the plane . 
  the simplest and most realistic scenario is that rebels/russians shot the plane by accident - taking into account initial admittance and that they had a killing-streak of that sort prior to mh17 . 
  but this case will never be solved 100 % . 
  similarly to 9/11 there will be people filling the holes in the story with who knows what . 
   i do n't see germany reopening criminal cases ... 
  i would add to that . 
  i do n't see them reopening criminal cases against ** jews ** who failed to serve in the nazi wehrmacht . 
  ussr did massacred , repressed and occupied baltic states . 
  what russia is doing now is laughing at its past crimes . 
  the arrogance and disrespect is disgusting . 
  and the worse thing is , this is no exception . 
  the path russia is taking lately is beyond any darkest expectations . 
  their minds are twisted and eyes are blinded , otherwise they 'd see how freaking evil they 've become lately . 
  every week we get news of another idiotic or morally bad act from their side . 
  i just want to ask , what the frak is going on lately ? 
  have they lost their fraking collective mind ? 
  yeah , because in estonia no-one would notice if one of the internal security service guys got kidnapped . 
   the man is the best fucking thing that happened to that country , regardless of his foreign policy . 
  if putin is the best russia can offer then / u/paravin point `` whatafuck is wrong with russian psyche '' has even more weight . 
  although i think there is no other option but putin is pretty standard argument used by putins supporters . 
  not saying you are one of them , just that i 've heard it million times and it still sounds hollow . 
  putin is becoming more dangerous by the day , he has invoked war in europe and lots of analysts speculating when will he try a nato country . 
  in what universe is that a defendable guy ? 
  we can only speculate the opposition would be worse , but putin is in present reality balancing the world on the knife edge of full-scale war with the west . 
   so the guy was an estonian intel officer ( spy ) , so what was he doing just hanging out around the border on his own side ? 
  ca n't do much spying from there . 
  he is officer of kapo ( estonian internal security service ) investigating corruption and contraband , so it does make a lot of sense he was where he was . 
   and what was he doing to make the russians want to come across the border just to capture him , which could only ever piss off the world further for little or no gain . 
  it makes no sense . 
  he was perhaps just a pawn in russias bigger geopolitics of testing the waters or perhaps retaliation for obama visit . 
  this is nothing new . 
  in stalin era it was common tactics . 
  in the 1936-37 around same area 46 estonian citizens captured by russia . 
   what does make sense is the idea that he was caught spying and got captured ' so estonia 's government is try to do damage control by saying he was on their side of the border . 
  how does that make sense ? 
  he was spying something in pskov ? 
  its the typical late russian imagination ( or propaganda ) running wild where country 100 times smaller planning an attack and spying and being a existential danger . 
  pretty much whole west including us are pretending there 's no invasion nor war . 
  i 'm guessing they play along the ignorance to avoid obligations ( a la budabest memorandum or whatnot ) . 
  in that sense russia is way bigger danger to us than isis . 
  russia actually is challenging us world power . 
  not that russia has any chance replacing the nr .1 spot , but it 's doing all the dirty work for china . 
  4 & 5 was crap , sorry . 
  thank you denmark . 
  - estonia, 
  here we fucking go . 
  i really cant believe its happening . 
  the stupid and obvious russian crap and media bombardment . 
  tomorrow we are attacking russia bla bla ... i really hope its gon na peak with just cold war . 
  really really do n't want to have a real one here . 
  the only one who seems to be here like clockwork is you trolling . 
  and i wonder , what you think the better solution for that ? 
  if there are radicals in europe we can report about them only if they are white and christian ? 
  guy gets his head chopped off in london , oh , by a muslim , censor !, 
  i imagine you are pretty hard to please . 
  as i hate to break it to you europe is the most liberal place on the planet right now . 
  or perhaps you think / r/europe is somehow a far-right nazi sub or what ... ? 
  i bet they are bunch of hypocrites hiding behind liberal german laws . 
  if germany would suddenly adapt anti-sharia law under strict criteria these bunch of idiots yearn for , their hands would be chopped off tomorrow . 
  but no . 
  as soon as someone tries to arrest them or even think of it we will hear loud cries of human rights violations and undemocratic germany . 
   i do n't know about happiness , but most muslims are in fact peaceful people ok , this is going to be far fetched comparison , but i 'm still going to try make it so perhaps you will see the point better . 
  most germans in nazi germany were peaceful , yet there was rather big percentage ( compared to other nations ) who were violent , plus big percentage of the peaceful folk were kind of supportive of the evil ones on ideological level . 
   maybe those crazy rumors about putin being sick with terminal spinal cancer are not so far fetched . 
  just yesterday he openly cried in mongolia while russian anthem was being played . 
  lets not get carried away here  there is always rumors of dictators sicknesses etc.
