  good news for us for sure . 
  she will kill herself in much more unpleasant fashion for everyone , including her close ones , how is that a better situation ? 
  yes , you are very busy . 
  and i should say that hate is very vague notion , especially when speaking about a politician . 
  people say they hate bush or putin or le pen , that does n't mean they go through the emotion , i 'd say it usually means they are critical towards their applied policies or worldview . 
  in estonia for instance we do n't have good beef ( maybe very small producers who are rather expensive ) so the steaks are pretty hard to make . 
  and the main reason for shitty beef , i believe , is the climate . 
  i lived in australia for a while and they have great beef thanks to the fact that cows can live out all year . 
  here we have to keep them inside half of the time and that fucks up the meet . 
  pork on the other hand is great here . 
  better than in . 
  i guess we learned how to raise them inside after centuries of long winters . 
  putin hate is the only sensible thing in my view . 
  he is running the country after all ( people hated bush even more , although he was less responsible for wars than putin ) . 
  plus , if you 'd live next to russia like me and get pretty outlandish news every week ( this weeks it 's `` russia reconsidering baltics independence legitimacy '' ) you would n't have that philosophical attitude . 
  incidentally i 'm planning to move soon to further to the west or us too . 
  i will join your `` chill guys , media works '' camp after that . 
  i usually do n't downvote , but you seem like and asshole . 
  putin mentioned that there 's no such state as ukraine . 
  on official level there are no legal issues too , alas . 
  well , thats true . 
  well said . 
  no , its because they 've seen few hollywood romantic comedies and mr.bean where the guards are some stoic statues and protagonist does funny things to them . 
  blame tv . 
  i think you are 5 years late with your `` witty '' comment . 
  i just do n't get it how some random people all over europe get so emotional and attack greece like its one person who stole something from them personally . 
  all that 0 sympathy and shit . 
  what is this ? 
  some kind of medieval public execution instinct ? 
  and yeah , europe is really poor , really struggling , lets not help one of our ** members ** , lets just randomly hate everyone in greece . 
  i just do n't get it whats going on lately , so much shit going on and all at once . 
  everyone kind of hates everyone and news and articles are full of weird sensationalist bs . 
  everyone writes total crap about immigration , muslims , greece , ukraine vs. russia bla bla . 
  europe is divided like an orange into 10 pieces . 
  every little shitty nation in europe is thinking small , only about themselves , unable to see us one union . 
  maybe we should go back settle things in good old wars , what a great time that was . 
  0 sympathy , really ? 
  cmon guys , this blame game is so useless . 
  i do n't get the animosity towards whole nation . 
  there are some useless politicians and bunch of asshole bankers on both sides . 
  the whole situation is such a complex clusterfuck , greeks have two very bad choices and ez has only bad choices . 
  greetings from estonia guys !, 
  criminal got away unpunished . 
  how is that related to islam ? 
  problems in sweden justice system seem to me self-inflicted . 
  being pc to an extreme and being afraid of labeled racist is local problem , nobody forced that on swedes . 
  rich people logic . 
  i think i was in 3rd grade when i found out that appearances matter and good looking people are treated better , and i think in about 4th grade when i got over it and moved on . 
  edit : and the irony is that this guy is most probably better off than the bus drivers , the fact that he wastes precious time to create this rather obvious video . 
  yeah , lets bash the bus drivers , the elite of our society . 
  the fact that christianity right now is peaceful says to me that violence arises from something other than religion . 
  religion is perhaps exploited or used as a vehicle , but we can replace it with almost any ideology and get the same result . 
  communism for instance is almost a reborn christianity with their internationalism and empathy bullshit - yet eliminating a class of people was n't an issue . 
  and again , i 'm being a almost devils advocate here , as i personally view any mass ideology , be it nationalism or some religion somewhat ludicrous . 
  well , lets say for now i 'm just one of the guys who are on the right side when it comes to immigration ( i 'm pro immigration in general , but i think europe should start thinking how to lessen the numbers ) . 
  and my reason is right in the topic we are speaking about . 
  the hate will just grow and i 'm worried that one day europe ca n't handle the issue in civilized manner . 
  the further in time we push the solution the worse methods will be used . 
  far-right is rising and will keep rising if present power is unable to deal with the issue . 
  and even if in many ways i 'm politically on the right side of the spectrum , there 's nothing more i despise than ultra-nationalists and far-righters - the shit color of the spectrum . 
  so would most of the polish youth support shooting gays ? 
  point is that this title is bit over the board . 
  i would add that its not even the religion , its the merging of `` modernity '' with `` less modern '' . 
  different cultures squeezed together in smaller and smaller world will create tension . 
  look at big migrations in history . 
  you do n't have to have very different religion to invoke terrorism and violence . 
  there are plenty of examples where christians fought each other , not even so long ago . 
  and i 'm saying all this being actually for stricter migration laws in europe . 
  i 'm just against irrational hate that is rising against muslims . 
  yes , there are criminals and nutheads ( and we should go after them ) , but lets keep ourselves from generalizing every terrorist act on a billion people . 
  many have said who experienced the war that it brings out the worst in humans but also that you see most unselfish acts during these times . 
  i guess this is a great example of amazing human beings putting their lives ahead of others . 
  and i hope media focuses more on this side of news too . 
  this muslim bashing has gone to some idiotic extent in here and in europe in general . 
  usually this means the `` unwanted '' state is inevitable . 
  turkey can try suppress kurdish state but it can have opposite effect in a long term ( similar to russias endeavors in ukraine ) . 
   the point is that it really does n't seem that your country wants to accept the number proportionally with the rest . 
  actually we do . 
  i do n't know where you get your info , but most politicians are for the solidarity with eu and accepting fair amount of refugees . 
  the only problem was with very much nonproportional number . 
  by the way . 
  ironically i think hungary is the one who is against any refugees . 
  but hungary is also ally of putin in europe . 
  fun fact about eastern europe . 
  proposed quota for estonia was around 1000 refugees . 
  but our actual proportion for population in europe is supposed to be 150 refugees ( not counting our lower gdp ) . 
  we are willing to accept the number proportionally with the rest , but punishing us with more refugees than for instance germany is ridiculous . 
  and my opinion is that its deliberate political move by eu commission to fail the quotas from the start , leave and impression something is done but pesky east is blocking it , so eu does not have to deal with the issue , just postpone it . 
  so , you are saying its nice wheather ? 
  modern evolution , less bright people voluntarily decide to stop passing on their genes . 
  there are plenty of authoritarian regimes where leader has been popular . 
  castro for instance . 
  control over media , killing critics , jounralists and oppressing opposition makes russia authoritarian . 
  if you look at dictatorships , pretty much all of them have high ratings of their leader . 
  you think kim has 89 ? 
  do n't be a naive , pretty certainly he has 100 % . 
  replaced oligarchs with authoritarian regime . 
  defending russians in ukraine ? 
  thats rich . 
  that was not an argument , i 'm pointing out hypocrisy .
