well , this is rather general and a narrow example , this could be interpreted many ways - a military danger in the sense of affecting certain points of interests ( iraq-kuwait ) that are either lost or become unstable - not necessarily as a direct threat . 
  and from these few sentences i would n't interpret it as a `` major threat '' in any way . 
  what is the source ? 
  i 'd love to see something clear , in wider context and also that is not 92 - right after collapse , but closer to what i was talking about , something between 1997 and 2003 for instance ? 
  tell that to your slavic `` bros '' in ukraine . 
  well , i 'm not talking about the stuff they feed to people - as it would n't be the first lie russias population eat up ( wink wink crimea ) . 
  i 'm talking about people who decide and run things . 
  they had to be pretty knowledgable about the threats . 
  i highly doubt they were actually thinking of `` oh noes , we might be attacked by nato from estonia , because nato hate slavs '' . 
  i disagree , and i ca n't remember anywhere being mentioned nato as a `` major '' threat . 
  it was perhaps threat nr .1 only hence there was no other threat at all , so the `` biggest '' was very much close to zero still . 
  no-one was interested ( and still is n't ) in attacking russia - correction i 'd argue that the only one who is semi-interetested or making long term plans like that is china . 
  at the beginning of putin 's reign there was even talks and hopes russia joining nato ( which now sounds like a weird joke ) . 
   russia does n't see baltic countries as a threat to their security . 
  russia does see nato as a threat to their security . 
  hence in any security considerations they will always see it as nato expansion instead of baltics joining nato . 
  this is not true , at least i do n't buy it . 
  russia has nothing to fear from nato , having the biggest nuke arsenal in the world . 
  until russia started invading nobody in the west gave a crap about them and vice versa . 
  this nato narrative is just lately constructed argument to cover up russias ( putins ) ambition to become relevant again . 
  i would even go as far as to claim this is putins personal project to hold on to his power as long as possible and legitimize his tzar status - and ideologically hungry population are going along with it just fine . 
  danger from nato just sounds very hollow and very much recent line of thought , but thanks to very very short memory of modern media consumer this works like a charm . 
   i wo n't even correct it . 
  we will get into nordic , taking into account sweden 's very liberal immigration policy will cause pretty tangible political turn towards conservatism in 10-20 years . 
  i bet not only islamic population will have an influence , but also conservatives from anti-immigration right will surge sooner or later who bring anti-gay sentiment as a baggage . 
  one more common and idiotic thing in the same context is notion of `` russophobe '' . 
  as soon as you defend the position of easter europe wanted some security guarantees against historically aggressive russia people brand you as a russophobe . 
  this is truly offensive as it is clear attempt to hide soviet atrocities under the rug and pretend like theres no history beyond 1990-s . 
  while in reality our grandmothers and grandfathers who suffered it all first hand are still alive telling the stories . 
  economist were saying russia 's economy has been in decline for a while and they predicted the decline will steepen even further - and all that was talked about before the ukraine . 
  many analysts were pointing that out as a main reason for conflict . 
  although i think oil price and sanctions played a role in creating uncertainty in russian markets , but overall they just added inertia . 
  internet has short memory . 
  everything said and done 6 months ago is forgotten . 
  and people tend to look only at very recent causes . 
  i love the comparison !, 
  because one of the most annoying thing anti-gay people in estonia say is something in the line of `` stop forcing your gay on us '' . 
  they do n't feel like it 's some natural and casual thing to admitting you are a gay , but it 's some kind of aggressive and imposing statement that can infect their children . 
  so they feel under free society they are in danger and victims of minority - which does n't make sense to me at all !, 
  even though i 'm also hetero - so in theory should understand what they are going through . 
  actually . 
  cold is nothing . 
  cold does nothing , cold is for pussies . 
  what kills is no sun , everyone is soft when it comes to darkness . 
  i see no comments yet that draw the parallel to modern russia and putin personally . 
  i 'd argue the reason he is defending stalin is that he himself is getting help from europe 's `` nazis '' right now . 
  through defending stalin he really is just covering his own back . 
  i suggest checking the article even only for the pictures . 
  some nice military ship porn . 
  you have a very short viewpoint . 
  history did n't start in 2000 with putin . 
  baltics have historical influence more than anything else . 
  finland managed to avoid the genocide and occupation . 
  yes we did pick allies who were willing to help us against perpetually aggressive neighbor . 
  and rightly so . 
  as soon as russia gets on its feet it goes doing the only thing it knows . 
  next to nato russia is not a bear . 
  i 'm too lazy to go look it up . 
  i think i remember quite clearly some policemen getting beat up and threatened for not giving up the station . 
  maybe somebody can back me up on this . 
  or not . 
  there are tens of videos separatists taking the police stations over by force . 
  i 'm not saying all of them , i 've seen some that were literally `` given '' to separatists . 
  but even the argument that there was no order given to fight back is part of the crisis situation . 
  we saw it all happening in crimea too , the chain of command was lacking and people did n't know who was legitimate and who was n't . 
  and thats what putin exploited . 
  i think what he means is that in ukraine it was fairly easy to take over the police stations and so on in the beginning . 
  that is much harder here . 
  unless of course putin can destabilize a country . 
  or if he waits till there is some huge political crisis ( which i 'm sure he does wait for ) . 
  and i think this is what u/paravin is not counting in . 
  the mindset of russians were changed 180 in a month regarding separatism in crimea . 
  in situation of crisis putin will first of all shoot his propaganda cannons that lays down the ground for next stage . 
  so i think the overall question is million dollar question . 
  can putin destabilize a baltic country when he wants . 
  or does he even want that at all , as it might be too risky . 
  i must add that last year i would never expect putin to attack and invade ukraine . 
  but analysts were predicting ukraine is next after georgia all over the globe . 
  and now everyone is talking about moldova and baltics . 
  i do n't know what to think of that . 
  definitely worrying . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i go to dog park often . 
  there 's surprisingly lot of foreigners walking their dogs there too . 
  and a lot of them have very similar story about their motivation coming to estonia . 
  business is easy and fast while their homecountry is the opposite . 
  and one of the guys is finnish it person who started business here . 
  he criticizes finnish bureaucracy like theres no tomorrow . 
  i 'm scratching my head and think `` damn , we actually look at finland as a big brother and a beacon of our future '' . 
   also , if immigration is so good , why is it such an issue ? 
  because its easy monster . 
  its probably the oldest and most common scapegoat in the book . 
  politicians exploit it like theres no tomorrow . 
  and still works , because there 's lot of mouthbreathers who do n't bother reading boring articles with facts . 
  channeling anger into something emotionally easily consumable is so much more fun . 
  well , its an opinion piece by an `` expert '' . 
  i liked his summary of putins tactics , and he obviously has good eye on how its done since its his field . 
  why his previous profession should be looked as a hindrance to his analysis is confusing to me . 
  i would say quite the opposite . 
  plus i think he pretty much nailed it , put it in few sentences , something that i have n't seen done so neatly yet .
