  and i do n't think anyone here approves sensationalist headlines like `` putins rocket '' . 
  but most of us probably agree about the essence of it . 
  i 'm just against injustice , be it on international level or personal level . 
  well , corporations pretty much own people and politics nowadays . 
  i do n't say `` man , thats just the way it is , deal with it '' . 
  because it sounds like i approve it . 
  it is with russia . 
  is that your definition of sphere of influence ? 
  i was talking about thinking pattern . 
  one dat you think like an imperialist , the next day you throw that in history bin . 
  15 years is not an argument . 
  its the shift in thinking that is important . 
  yes it does . 
  the whole point of democracy is to change nature of power ( gay marriage is just a part of it ) . 
  international rules evolve too . 
  civilized , friendly countries have very much different relationships between eachother than it was 500 years ago . 
  if its isis , then i agree they already know ( it takes very short period to find out if there are traces of explosive chemicals everywhere ) . 
  but it makes it much more difficult for putin . 
  population will expect manly response , but sending in troops and fighting another afghanistan is not something putin wants to do right now . 
  so potentially he is in a bit of a conundrum right now . 
  not in modern europe . 
  norway or switzerland do n't occupy territories just because they feel entitled . 
  you could say the same about being born black or being born into poor family . 
  you either fight the injustice or you do n't . 
  you either are owner of corporation or a slave of it . 
  it 's pretty much true too , does n't mean we should kneel down and take it in . 
  it does not make it okay . 
  15 years ago nobody was talking about gay marriage . 
  thinking changes , for some people sooner than others . 
  and i guess i know where you at . 
  sphere of influence ? 
  are you in 20th century ? 
  georgia is sovereign state . 
  eastern `` flank '' needs to create its own military organisation . 
  i 'm pretty sure if eastern europe could come together and act as one against russias neo-imperialist foreign policy we could make putin think twice before he tries to pull this shit further . 
  georgia is great example even if you have pro-russian government putin will still behave like a douche . 
  free transportation is pretty recent and was rather controversial here . 
  the name tallinn comes from `` taani linnus '' , meaning denmarks stronghold . 
  :d i think around 11-12 century you guys were our masters . 
  are you trolling , because i ca n't tell . 
  i 'm more worried about countries like hungary . 
  conflict wo n't start from uk thats for sure . 
  the ticket is paid by everyone via tax . 
  you think the cooperation would be better without eu ? 
  yes , public transportation is `` free '' in tallinn . 
  thats more nordic than nordic . 
  how old are you ? 
  how long we have to wait ? 
  i think eu works as a barrier and pushes us more towards working in cooperation . 
  i 'd say eu is great at guarding the democracy . 
  eastern european countries have not been democratic long enough to be strong at it . 
  i agree about nato , its a good point . 
  but i disagree that we live in a different world . 
  resurgence of nationalism is great example that nobody has learned from the past . 
  wow !, 
  eu has been great for europe in general . 
  pre-eu it was conflicts and wars for centuries . 
  do we really want to step back to the times of separate nationalist states tightly next to each-other . 
  yeah , eu has problems , but the alternative , i ca n't imagine anyone seeing the alternative as something as a step forward . 
  i think people are racist everywhere pretty equally . 
  the question is more about what culture `` allows/forbids '' . 
  eastern europe is like a redneckish small town , we have less experience with `` different '' people , and that makes us more conservative compared to some metropolitan sensibilities . 
  but assuming that `` eastern europe '' is more racist than the `` west '' is racist in itself , in my opinion . 
  us has its south or bible belt , eu has its eastern europe . 
  i doubt hungary is against working on collective solution , quotas is just not one . 
  if he is a chief of something he ca n't have that attitude , because it implies he will discriminate . 
  in an hour we 'll see an article saying just the opposite . 
  never seen so much speculation spam from big outlets , pretty much anyone with an opinion gets on a page . 
  why not wait for a proper investigation . 
  that maybe true . 
  although many believe status quo is impossible . 
  assad belongs to minority , and returning to minority dictatorship is more than tricky . 
  i can see it happening with boots on the ground ( iranian or russian ) , but without proper support its rather improbable . 
  every kingdom in history had complexity , no dictatorship is without internal structure and struggle . 
  even north korea is not run by one man . 
  yet for the sake of clarity of language the regimes are generalized into categories instead of separate long list of idiosyncratic characterizations . 
  i 'm not agreeing with the author that putin is the tzar per se , but i would n't be sure if the author himself takes that literally . 
  you probably should n't either . 
  sure . 
  except a lot of support was fabricated . 
  if you look at the polling before the conflict nobody gave a shit about who 's who . 
  but if you create a armed conflict ( and for that you need gru guys taking over police stations ) , then you polarise the public that leads to grassroot violence . 
  eventually lots of people start dying and civil war erupts . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said the leaders were . 
  pretty much all separatist leaders were russian gru officers . 
  thats not telling at all . 
  children and underaged are discriminated against on many levels , but its because they are not capable of being responsible for their actions . 
  looking back at my own development , i had nothing sensible to say ( politically ) when i was 16 or 17 really . 
  people are different of course , there are very smart kids too , but lets be honest , they are in minority . 
  so why would we add more stupid people to the voters pool ? 
  there 's enough of gullible idiots who vote as it is . 
  plus . 
  imagine the campaigns , politicians trying to appeal to kids , i do n't know if i want to go down that rabbit hole . 
  nobody can tell . 
  russia is so unpredictable . 
  and who knows , maybe putin is able to divert the attention by other means , he is pretty creative . 
  but i 'm pretty certain syria will not turn into afghan war for russia . 
  thats horrible . 
  reminds me of my times in sydney ,
