  to me , he does n't look sick . 
  plus , in my view he was swallowing and making faces like he had stuffy nose even before the anthem . 
  maybe its just a flu . 
  i get similar thing ( i 'm pretty much putin , all i 'm trying to say ) where nose gets really runny so that tears come , freaking hate it . 
  yes , perhaps its more realistic scenario . 
  okay guys , crazy theory but ... is this beginning of salami tactics on nato country ? 
  you can interpret it as an assault on sovereign country , but then again not really . 
  lets let this one slide , but next red line can not be crossed ... / s edit : and i do n't mean the threat is imminent . 
  but maybe russia wants just to test the reactions ( in a manner of sending planes on our territory , but this time higher stakes ) . 
  because really , what will happen in this case . 
  there is going to be some diplomatic tensions but as a minuscule country we ca n't do anything to russia pay as a consequence . 
   they are all just so so shit but continue to blame everyone else but themselves . 
  i think out of context this sentence is true , christianity is not religion anymore ( in general terms ) and our culture definitely threatens islam . 
  islam has not gone through reform and via media the liberal candy just seeps in like poison . 
  plus the scientific thinking must be hugely dangerous ( like it was to christianity ) but i can not really wrap my head around this ministers idea without assuming that he is atheist . 
  because how can anything threaten his god or religion if he believes allah as a reality ? 
   first off , former members of the ussr contain a large russian minority , which is bound to want to go back to russia , actually most of them do n't . 
  but same was the case with crimea . 
  just before the conflict most of the russians did n't want to join russia . 
  but putins little experiment with crisis + propaganda + tanks did prove it can be turned around if need arises . 
  we live in a weird times . 
  merkel says no nato bases . 
  obama says no nato bases . 
  few days later 5 bases . 
  whats going on ? 
  few more days ant no nato bases again ? 
  is n't nato base a joint since lithuania is in nato . 
  he is delusional . 
  baltics have to lose the most in case of war . 
  no one wants that here . 
  the reason we are so vocal is precisely because we are in the biggest danger , not because we want war . 
  also he mentions that we want to invade russia to expand eu eastwards ? 
  it is truly retarded . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i thought putin accused ukraine of being nazis for shelling civilian towns . 
  lol, 
   a futile effort that will only make putin more sure of his actions . 
  he can use it to justify his actions domestically . 
  i believe his actions are purely self-preservatory , nothing to do with nato . 
   you know his rating are astronomically high . 
  yes , just before the conflict ratings were dipping . 
  also just before the conflict two big dictators were toppled , gaddafi and mubarak , through civil unrest . 
  i believe putin was worried maidan could infect russia , similarly like it happened in arab countries , so he had to act quickly . 
  why people keep saying it would lead to ww3 ? 
  i 'm very curious what is the definition here . 
  because i do n't see anyone fighting alongside russia . 
  but . 
  regarding the option . 
  i think in the end of your comment you hit the right direction . 
  i do n't think sending troops would be even necessary at this point ( we missed the window after mh17 i think ) . 
  but sending weapons and perhaps few cruise missiles would be a start . 
  we should use similar tactics , pretend theres `` accidental '' shipments of tanks or rocket-launchers etc. 
  west should be more cunning with putin . 
  be more flexible in this hybrid war situation . 
  i do n't believe he needs buffer or satellite states . 
  the times have changed . 
  russia might need economical ties to give it some flexibility and variety in economy . 
  but this `` safety '' aspect is last century rhetorics . 
  especially in putins situation . 
  he is more worried how to stay in power and i think main interpretation of his actions should be viewed from that perspective . 
   putin created the separatists . 
  civil war in ukraine was entirely of his own making . 
  yes , of course . 
  i just think its pretty clear what his goals are . 
  he wants novorossia . 
  another landgrab that gives his ratings a boost . 
  i think his power has a dilemma . 
  since he is dictator , but he is pretending that he is not , it gives certain vulnerability to his position . 
  people feel they are entitled to come to the streets ( it wasnt an option during ussr ) . 
  hence his biggest nightmare is maidan in moscow . 
  so he has to keep the masses pleased . 
  creating an enemy and winning it gives him some time . 
   i 'm seriously wondering what putin 's wargoal is . 
  ukraine probably wo n't be too keen on the federalisation talk now . 
  i think putin went the road he did n't want ( perhaps very expensive ) otherwise he would have done it long time ago . 
  but he had to ( in his mind ) because kiev was about to win the separatists . 
  now that he helps separatists a little bit he can prolong the conflict maybe to the winter , when ukraine will have more economical problems . 
  thats good question . 
  intelligence wise it could give ua pretty sweet advantage . 
  grant them all asylum , because its human rights . 
  whats worst about it is the betrayal . 
  first eu invites in and when shit hits the fan just coldly turns back on ukraine . 
  when it comes to skill of alienating ukraine 's people merkel seems to be on par with putin . 
  edit : and in the context of human rights and all that values stuff eu seems to hold on so tightly i do n't see how this fits in . 
  how come immigration and social system being heavy on economy is okay - since humanity and all , but helping neighbors from aggressive bullies the economy comes first . 
  even though i do n't think we will be next , thanks to nato and eu . 
  in the back of my head i have a slight concern . 
  we 've seen how easily putin uses salami tactics . 
  and i can imagine scenario , where western leaders and media goes along with narrative of `` separatists '' ( like they did with ukraine ) . 
  while everybody knows that russia has invaded ukraine since crimea , majority of west plays along the game of uncertainty , and it works for both sides , west and russia . 
  so in that light , i imagine similar situation with a nato member . 
  if west has no appetite it will find a way to play blind . 
  this way they could avoid the dissolving the nato . 
  nato would be perhaps dissolved on some unspoken level , but on paper everything would be still okay , and west would pretend nothings changed . 
  in reality it might mean the end of us hegemony . 
  but in some aspect is already over ( russia does anything is wants , while us cant do anything about it ) . 
   the fear mongering starts . 
  look how fear functions . 
  it will lead anybody astray . 
  it is so weird to hear again and again about fear mongering in the context where russia is pushing further than anyone ( in the pro-russian side ) ever predicted or expected .
