  could you elaborate why you think so ? 
   the west is supporting unrest and the nato is annexing russian friendly territory . 
  they feel their viewpoint is just as legitimate as ours eastern europe is probably most un-friendly towards russia , lets start from there . 
  and i guess in russia they have very different definition of annexing . 
  or is it just you ? 
  because you know , nato is not a country . 
  you knew that right ? 
  yep , most probably something like that . 
  it sounded bit different . 
  so 14 + means only children from age 14 can purchase it ? 
  still conservatives imposing their rules , not the other way around . 
  i think she won because she was talked about the most beforehand . 
  she was already a brand before the contest . 
  `` there are crowds in the streets they are crying to be heard . . '' i stopped there . 
   it is not about doing right thing , it is about pleasing electorate so if they legalize pedophilia it 's better than doing nothing ? 
   it 's leftist westerners right to indoctrinate other people ... 
  but would n't it make sense to leave the decision making up to parents , nobody is forcing anything , oh wait , conservatives are making it illegal even for lefties . 
   lithuania + poland + czech republic + slovakia + hungary . 
  yeah . 
  and culturally , estonians are pretending/hoping/believing that they belong to scandinavia . 
  obviously economically we do n't belong there , yet . 
  edit : so that leaves latvians alone in their latvian union . 
   however telling children about homosexual relationships will not make more children turn gay ; no matter what the lithuanian government says . 
  it seems like a common argument . 
  they use it here too in estonia where reproduction rates are low . 
  i love my country , but this side of our culture is idiotic and i really hope that new generation that is on the way is better informed . 
  inertia from soviet times is in the older generations . 
  most of the older people here consider homosexuality a mental illness . 
  edit : i think i have had a million arguments with my parents about this . 
  wow . 
  i guess he got his own medicine ( since he came trolling there in the first place ) . 
  but ca n't he leave in regular plain in business class or something ? 
   he 's stuck there now btw . 
  what ? 
  for real ? 
  i think everyone in the eastern block are pushing towards it now . 
  estonia had it on 2.0 % since the beginning . 
  thanks . 
  more and more i see russia 's weird maneuvers lately as a method for putin and his friends to maintain the power . 
  and now time wise being further from soviet russia i sense so much similarities between two regimes . 
  i think this part is so transparent : '' a key lecture series ` the technologies of colour revolutions ' discussed the ways the west ( and especially the united states ) had successfully staged coups d'etat in yugoslavia , ukraine , georgia and northern africa , ** and how the young people at the forum could and should stop the same thing happening in russia ** . '', 
  i thought a little , what to do with this type of people or this behaviour . 
  and came to conclusion , the best thing is just to ignore them . 
  the less attention you give the the less power they have . 
  most russians in baltics are actually okay people . 
  and they do n't care about this new political movement so much . 
  but if we make a big deal out of these russian flag guys ( which is exactly what they want ) , regular people will start picking sides too . 
  and then baltics are in trouble . 
  not in the sense they are going to be next crimea , but this neo-nationalism from russia is here for a long haul , and is only going to intensify . 
  buckle up for inevitable unrests and clashes ... damn i hate putin . 
  what a douche . 
  russians and estonians were getting along fine . 
  and now its just a matter of time when some local a-hole russian is going to end up next to some a-hole estonian . 
  notice how it is euromaidan , not just maidan . 
   being a russian-occupied satellite state again would not prevent them to express how much they love russia well , i tried to make more of a philosophical point because i see what it means to them practically . 
  i agree with what you are saying though . 
  agreed . 
  but in this particular case there is a hint of schizopreny . 
  being pro-russian in europe has sort of hidden message inside `` i want to live in a country where i ca n't express my views like i 'm doing it now . '', 
  one possible scenario . 
  the referendum by rebels is going to be about 96 % for joining russia , obviously . 
  putin will leave it as a plan b though . 
  he will wait who gets to be a president on 25th . 
  after that he has two options . 
  he either has yanukovich vol .2 , if not , he can go ahead with more risky plan b. 
   asking to delay it was only a ruse to shut up the west temporarily . 
  the fact that he once again blatantly lied about the troops pulling back from the border does give a hint about the rest of his intentions . 
  he must have a good backup plan for russia . 
  because after this blows over , i ca n't imagine any leader in the west take any of his word seriously . 
  if a trick then then i bet something like where he demonstrates to the west that he is willing to be nice , but those bloody separatist are not listening to him and keep fighting kiev . 
  so the civil war continues and the elections fail . 
  leaving putin opportunity to intervene at some point when the time is right . 
   gunshot victims all from ** several hours prior ** in a different part of odessa , all on pro-ukraine side . 
  yes prior , but was n't that what lead pro-ukrainians to anger and to that occupied building ? 
  and there is clearly a footage of ak guy . 
  he either was a bad shot or shooting blanks . 
  either way it does n't change my view on the situation , it was uncontrolled mess where people were ready to kill each other , not just one side was ready to kill the other , while the other was peacefully singing jesus songs , but both sides were using molotovs and guns . 
  well , in that perfect world russia should be a friendly country . 
  but we are not living in perfect world and few americans here is definitely a great solution to not so perfect situation . 
  because let 's be honest here . 
  without allies we are f ` cked . 
  although i think little better situation would be if eu had a proper unified army and we could handle the situation within eu . 
  even if the fire was started from inside , few minutes later it would have burned anyway , as there was quite a lot of molotovs flying from pro-ukraine side . 
  but i 'd say its almost pointless endeavor to find out who exactly is to blame . 
  actually , i know exactly who to blame - putin . 
  but in this particular case , zoomed in , i 'd say the situation looked more like a battle , where people were shooting ak-47 and pistols at each other . 
  no wonder it ended up with a lot of casualties . 
  and this is exactly what russia is pushing for , thats the key element here . 
  you keep pressing on peoples emotions , antagonize them into violence 24/7 its just a matter of time when something like that happens . 
  putin was and probably still is the only one who actually benefits from this fire . 
  and this is already very important indicator who might be behind something . 
  yes , but i think it 's good if those 80 % get at least some sort of a message that europe do n't agree with their supreme leader . 
  because , you know , russians do live in a bubble that is totally controlled by that nr .1 guy , obviously his popularity is built on lies to a degree . 
  although my prediction is that on the finals russias media is going to be ready for another `` boo '' and they will censor it out . 
   this just shows how the media distributed an image of russia with even making the impression that the russian people are evil . 
  or just shows that people are not happy with country that is pushing for war in europe . 
   they both subscribe to that stuff , except the americans seem to be upset that the russians also think they 're allowed to think like that . 
  they are allowed to think like that , but let 's not be surprised of the anti-russian sentiment it causes in eastern europe for instance . 
  russia seems to be totally oblivious to the effects of their rhetorics and ideology . 
  and i see that so much here too , so many pro-russians try to justify that stupid buffer and just a minute later accuse others of `` russofobia '' or something similar .
