  it 's perhaps a small step from western europe perspective . 
  but here they had pretty huge backlash against it . 
  and if i 'm not mistaken we are the first ones in post soviet states to do that . 
  that all said . 
  i agree with your overall sentiment that all 4 main parties are very close to center . 
  just slight difference in shades . 
  i wonder how much cops were there . 
   eu to step up their energy game and protect their weaker members from foreign influence . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  its just eu is very tough place to organize . 
  especially for little guys . 
  so , i 'm not so sure about alternatives . 
  but we are on the same page . 
  i think eu should not only be united in energy , but also eu should get singular army and foreign policy . 
  perhaps it will happen some day , but i would n't hold my breath . 
  and neither will putin , he exploits every little opportunity now and in near future . 
  while you are talking about economical question , how much independence or growth we 'll have in case we commit to us gas . 
  the `` russian problem '' is an existential problem . 
  we are talking about the highest stakes possible when it comes to gambling with russian gas . 
  for now , the less connections we have with russia , the better . 
  you get some you give some . 
  it 's only thanks to us that russia is not able to invade us . 
  without nato it is quite probable we would have trouble with green men by now . 
  even if your theory of `` losing independence '' is true , the choice is between losing all of your independence or losing some of it . 
  you accuse others of not knowing anything about us foreign policy . 
  you , on the other hand , do n't know anything about russias foreign policy . 
  russia has proven to be unreliable and dangerous provider . 
  they use the gas as a political tool . 
  the best option is to have several sources so that lithuania or any other european country could choose the provider . 
  troll detected . 
  the only time when russia is nice and friendly is when they are weak . 
  so i 'm not sure how we get that to work . 
  secondly . 
  russia is not in middle east . 
  they wont solve the saudi problem . 
  yeah , he gets all the virgins for free . 
  its probably political move . 
  russia seems to want some deal from us ( with all that syria stuff they 've been pushing ) , it could be part of the `` chess '' . 
  agree . 
  since the students union are siding with fascism ( the branch of conservative islam namazie is fighting against ) you could argue they are too stepping into fascist territory . 
   fascism os a completely different political ideology , i do n't think we have a phrase describing this type of authoritarian dictatorship . 
  i think they are extreme left . 
  but historically fascism and extreme left has been very similar in their behaviour . 
   but it 's the ability to grasp the idea that system is set up , that there in fact is someone pulling the strings , that someone is building a framework for exploiting people . 
  i disagree with that . 
  i think system is too large to control by `` someone '' . 
  at some point system feeds itself , and the `` control '' is very small steps by legislators , politicians , lobbyist , businessmen etc. 
  its one huge clusterfuck moving in self-indulgent direction . 
  i 'd say the flaw is in the system , not in a group of people . 
  because no matter where and when , people are always greedy and such . 
  so the question is which system controls that part of humanity . 
  clearly , our capitalist structure has gone rotten . 
  in the mid 20th century greed kind of benefited the society , capitalism was in much healthier state . 
  now its all ruined and we need a change . 
  well , the thing is that conspiracy is supposed to be intentional , like a master plan . 
  yet i do believe that the tendencies we see with corporations are more like a bias in the system , not some sort of controlled plan by small group . 
  humans are too stupid and bad at cooperation to secretly go through a plan for decades . 
  france , no ? 
  proof : am from eastern europe, 
  china communist ? 
  communist is when theres no other owner but workers themselves . 
  you do n't have to explain camps to a german . 
  it might be foreign to you but humans in general have this respect for dead thingy , pretty much universal . 
  you might want to look it up ... 
  i would actually speculate they made some kind of a deal with the saudis . 
  more than anything putin needs oil prices to stop falling . 
  west is n't even a threat here in comparison . 
  i 'm starting to think germany wants to destroy eu more than anyone else . 
  yes , but there is pretty much zero welfare in eastern europe too . 
  so its either you get bad salary in eastern europe or good salary in germany - without welfare in both cases . 
  there was video of iraqis complaining about finland just yesterday . 
  i can only imagine how they would react to estonia . 
  i 'm here . 
  this guy definitely one of the most cynical politician - game of thrones style clever though . 
  amazing that he managed to survive for so long . 
  although my prediction is that we 'll have court case going on for few years and he 'll yet again come out of it as a winner . 
  he 'll just turn the whole media circrus around for his benefit - as he always managed to do . 
  and after all , local russians do n't care about his corruption to begin with , and most votes come from them . 
  yeah , expecting some kind of reaction from russia . 
   the usa has taken in between 1000 to 1500 syrian refugees . 
  that 's less than countries like brazil , belgium and switzerland . 
  considering that only 1 of 5 refugees coming to europe are from syria , it 's not really going to help . 
  in globalized world the social security system ( where anyone can go on without work ) is a flawed concept to begin with . 
  naturally , people will abuse it . 
  get rid of it , problem solved . 
  i did say it with humor . 
  i fail in that here in reddit rather often , so do n't pay too much attention . 
  well , i do n't disagree with you . 
  i do think all sides ( at this point ) are overly emotional ( myself included ) and not very rational , and i guess thats what happens in times of crisis . 
  due to media bombardment i 'm very much confused and change my mind pretty often . 
  but my goal is to see the situation critically , pragmatically and constructively , above the political views i hold ( which lean towards pro-immigration ) . 
  i do understand the leftist agenda in this and also the right wing agenda , at the same time both seem to knowingly omitting facts that are rather important only for the sake of `` winning the argument '' , which is very much counter-productive . 
  anyway , its a clusterfuck , and its gon na get worse , buckle up !, 
  to things they 've not yet earned . 
  sorry , collateral damage . 
  it 's the american youth in youtube videos who are most commonly giving me that vibe . 
  i ca n't wait when quotas will force some of them come here in estonia . 
  haha ... as a side note . 
  the whole situation has become such a clusterfuck that i do n't even know what to think . 
  the european left wants to let in extremely conservative people - lets be honest immigrants from middle east , if you take away their skin color , as one should , are pretty much fascist , if we view it in european context .
