  if you have lived in the countryside you must know , everyone knows everyone and news spread fast . 
   ignoring the idea that kiev is the only one that benefits from this renewed attention on the civil war . 
  ** they are losing . 
   eastern ukrainian rednecks with stolen aa weapons did . 
  pro-russians will try distance themselves from separatists real quick . 
  now they are suddenly ukrainian rednecks not russians who need protection from great putin . 
  despicable . 
  edit : grammar, 
  this . 
  eu is too slow and impotent to deal with putin . 
  no evidence for you . 
  we 've seen plenty . 
  separatists are clearly connected to russia . 
  their leader ( who is from moscow , incidentally working for fsb til 2013 ) was very happy to announce they shot down a plane . 
   join the club . 
  i 'm a member . 
   i am not suggesting anything , i am simply calling for everyone to chill and wait until a proper investigation is conducted . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  separatists said they shot the plane down , later started deleting the tweets and so on . 
  but this is exactly what we will hear for months now . 
  putin-loyalists will keep saying there is not enough evidence no matter how much there is on the table . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , in estonia 10 % of energy relies on gas . 
  cutting the gas would be harsh , but we 've been through harsher . 
  we are pretty tough people here , not yet spoiled with good life . 
   at the moment the most likely explanation of this tragedy is a rebel accident using ukrainian captured weaponry . 
  so we ca n't even blame this on russia , but that wont stop anyone here . 
  the speed russia is going to distance itself from the rebels is going to be remarkable . 
  and the beginnings of it is seen clearly in this thread . 
  this is really disturbing . 
  and cynic in me says only now western european politicians have something they can relate to , they or their children fly these routes . 
  and perhaps now they will start thinking about stop appeasing russia . 
  because till now they have left an impression they are okay with war on our borders , as long as gas is cheap . 
   you 're in russia 's sphere of influence . 
  not our business , deal with it . 
  you are the type of person who slams a door in front of jewish person in 1941 germany with words `` you are a jew , not my business , deal with it '' . 
  you are talking about much smaller countries being bullied and attacked by a large country , countries that need and ask for protection , who do not want to live under russias autocratic system . 
   what happened here at the border is an incident and i do n't think it will grow into something bigger than that . 
  i agree that it is possibility it will be singular attack ( as it would fit russia 's tactics ) . 
  i just totally disagree it 's not commanded by kremlin . 
  in russia it 's just impossible . 
  plus i doubt separatists have balls to shoot grads from russia 's territory without permission from authority . 
  yeah agree , i do n't know why i even bother ... 
  please tell me why is this stupid ? 
  its aggressive , yes . 
  its dangerous , yes . 
  but was n't crimea both of these things ? 
  russia wants something , and its out to get it . 
  i presume you think there is going to be some repercussions . 
  i disagree . 
   no , because that comparison implies that the people shooting the missiles were allowed to do this by russia . 
  this is exactly what i 'm implying as i think ** without ** russia 's commanding position this is impossible . 
   i do n't know how easy it is to control a border but i do n't think it 's impossible roll a truck 2 km 's in , fire some rockets for 5 minutes and be caught on tape . 
  i 'm sorry , i think its laughable in the context of this crisis . 
  i 'm sure you can do that in russia in lots of places , but not right now on the border of ukraine . 
   aks yourself , why would russia fire a handful of missiles over the border in a conflict where the insurgents are rapidly loosing ground ? 
  russia is even less interested in losing ukraine to eu . 
  insurgents lose the ground means kiev wins and putin loses . 
  russia got away with all the sh * t they 've done till now , probably will get away with this one too . 
  tomorrow rt will say something similarly ridiculous you are stating and everyone will go about their business . 
  as west is even less interested in direct conflict with russia . 
  i 'd say eu would go business as usual even if russia would invade eastern ukraine so in my opinion putin has quite a lot of wiggle room left . 
   but if i understand you correctly , you claim that the russian army is now doing military operations against the state of ukraine . 
  and any other possibility is delusional ? 
  this sort of activity without full control from russia 's part is impossible yes . 
  or are you really suggesting russia lets some guys with heavy weaponry roam the country free ? 
  russia does n't even let people to blog without control . 
  and not only that . 
  you went so far and suggested separatists got lost . 
  this is some next level nonsense , i 'm sorry . 
   if there is one thing we do have proof of , it is that russia is doing little to nothing to stop insurgents from arriving and getting supplies . 
  ok according to that logic it would be okay if some ukraine civilians go to that us destroyer on black sea and shoot few tomahawks on that grad location in russia . 
  and explanation is that some ukrainians got lost ? 
   lost insurgents seems a more likely explanation . 
  man , you are a true troll or seriously delusional . 
  volunteers ? 
  went to supermarket ? 
  yeah , this guy is a thug and is not better than the ones he is confronting . 
  he wants others to obey law yet totally omits his own actions . 
  there 's been so many empty threats for the entire crisis from eu i would be very surprised if anything serious would be done . 
  ok , fair point . 
   what state is that ? 
  we do n't want another war on the other side of the globe , even a small one ( syria ) do n't even mention something that would be even bigger than iraq and afghanistan put together . 
   in my book it 's a pet project of the us government , not the most objective source of news with a heavy spin . 
  maybe . 
  but the other possibility that separatists are getting the tanks somewhere from ukraine is starting to get thin . 
   so this video is essentially a message of peace . 
  and a rant against armchair generals which we all know are the worst . 
  russia is not interested in peace . 
  it just not interested in going in total war with ukraine . 
  i think putin is trying to subdue the nationalistic sentiments he let out of the pandoras box . 
  his worse enemy is uncontrollable mass of people , and rise of nationalism in russia is exactly that - unpredictably and uncontrollable . 
  one day putin might not be nationalistic enough ( as i doubt he puts motherland in front of his personal wealth and oligarchs needs ) and it can give a rise to competition . 
  i think this video has pretty clever way of equating the loudest nationalists with armchair generals . 
  that was great discussion , very balanced and careful , thanks for the link . 
  i pretty much agree with everything said on all sides . 
  except some things t.viik said . 
  i think throwing in one hole all the beliefs ( why make children , is tomorrow sun rising , do i believe love - do i believe in god ) is a category mistake . 
  in big religions god is conscious being . 
  question of having children or love is just so clearly another realm . 
   another thing i consider a real possibility is the simulation hypothesis , i love that theory .
