  can putin go as far as stalin did to eliminated the potential competition ? 
  thank you germany . 
  - from estonia, 
   when 'll you realize that you just ca n't jump and get everything in one moment ? 
  the road to prosperity and social harmony takes years of sustainable development . 
  revolutions never made things better . 
  well actually what you are seeing is a birth of identity . 
  if putin was kind of right that ukraine is non-state ( since there was very weak national identity ) then he can thank himself for creating one now and theres no turning back . 
  russia seems to make same mistake again and again . 
  with its violent behevior it keeps losing `` partners '' , even the closest ones are turning away now it seems . 
  not only that . 
  russia pushes itself into the core part of the identity as an enemy . 
  disagree . 
  west ukraine is too troublesome to control for putin ( at least for now ) . 
  maidan is putins nightmare , and getting another one while being the `` boss '' would spell huge disaster . 
  actually letting those bastards out to die isnt such a bad idea . 
  but letting them back in is trouble guaranteed . 
   what happens if russian peace keepers start blowing up in ukraine georgia tried it in south-ossetia . 
   nope , this is the only standard we have in the world nowadays and this standard would love to parade its democratic system throughout the whole world this is intellectually lazy approach . 
  if you want to talk about freedom of press you really should n't have us as an nr .1 example . 
  dig around , find out whos who in that area and compare with actual leaders in this particular field . 
  otherwise you sound like one of those loonies who is unable to put together a sentence without mentioned us in it . 
  it is quite common mental disorder nowadays , some call it closeted us envy . 
  do you know any other countries besides us ? 
  we have a europe where on one side we sell arms to people who is direct threat to the other side . 
  imagine estonia or poland selling bombs to terrorists who may potentially bomb london or paris , and use similar arguments of practicality and business . 
  ( i know this example is bit exaggerated but i wanted to make a point clear how we may feel here ), 
  separatists losing a lot of ground lately . 
  seems like putins window is getting narrow and the land he can grab shrinks by the day . 
  so he might actually go for this invasion option . 
  although i do n't think he planned it originally as it is much more expensive and i have a feeling this war has cost him more than he expected already . 
  okay . 
  but to know the bible is it enough if you read it or you have to read a lot of other books too ? 
  so you are saying that the `` holy '' books are only for some elite who can then explain it to us simple folk ? 
  not very jesus is it ? 
   americans delusionally believing russian news sources are biased and should n't be taken seriously ... while blindly consuming us and us-influenced media . 
  it 's insane what 's happening and shows nothing but how easy it is to delude the population through propaganda western media is mostly run privately not by one dude who also runs a country . 
  you really should take a look at the freedom of press index to get a better clue of what you are comparing here . 
  there are plenty of good journalists from west who give honest reporting of the conflict which case is rather impossible in russia at this stage . 
  oh , and the fact that all journalism is biased in someway ( first of all towards subjective values ) is not the same as bias imposed by almighty dictator ( north korea or ussr style ) . 
  this distinction so many pro-russians seem not to understand . 
  in one of the leaked phone calls between separatists one guy was complaining about that strelkov , that he is too radical he wants to kill civilians . 
  that definitely fits the story here where strelkov signed all the death warrants . 
   the ukrainian-russian border is pretty much non-existent at this moment . 
  are you saying the border is non-existent on russia 's side too ? 
   because geolocation is not always accurate ... oh , i get it , thats why so many of them ended up in crimea . 
   but buk is not the weapon system but his laptop ( buk is slang for laptop ) . 
  okay , but still makes you wonder why is he in ukraine , no ? 
  this newspaper ( independent ) who was first to write about it is owned by ex-kgb guy . 
  estonian here . 
  and i can claim without much hesitation that the lack of sun plays a huge role . 
  i can definitely feel my moods differ in summer and winter . 
  plus we have rather shitty culture ( very inward and individualistic , but at least thats changing now for the better i think ) . 
   they do n't know what 's good for them . 
  yeah , because putin knows . 
  and because people are critical of russia 's aggression does n't mean they want war . 
  keeping criminals in jail also costs money . 
  we should n't expect punishing russia should come for free . 
  wow , this was actually pretty fascinating . 
  almost whole story there . 
  starting with crossing the border , the friendship ( with serbian , wtf ) and someone getting wounded and eventually death . 
  if the ending was tied up with them getting captured i would almost believe its fabricated by some talented director . 
   i despise the western culture trend to `` protest for `` freedom '' '' and condemn all those `` crimes '' that `` evil '' , `` zionist '' jews are doing because it 's a popular thing to do although i agree with you to some degree that its a popular thing right now to be anti-israel , i actually do think there is one more thing to it . 
  and its about expectations . 
  we expect more from israel as opposed to isis or boko haram . 
  like batman begins gets more critisized than average summer action movie because we expect chris nolan to deliver best stuff . 
  israel as one of the most modern and civil societies should act accordingly . 
  the amount of civilian deaths they have with the attacks does give reason to be critical of their method of defense . 
  i hope he also acknowledges this type of leaderships comes with possibility ending up like gaddafi or mubarak . 
  yes , he is . 
  rebels admitted downing the plane . 
  later ofcourse backpaddled . 
  why are we even bothering ? 
  plus they fucked up the investigation site after that , which also is pretty good hint . 
  why are we even talking about it ? 
  if you think there ~ ~ is n't ~ ~ was n't few russki 's hanging around who know their shit you are naive . 
  you are rather oblivious when it comes to basic social sensibilities . 
  for us it was intruder and opresser . 
  it is totally different story if putin runs his own coutry like he does ( with high appoval ) or if he invades sovereign nation and imposes his crap on others who dont want it . 
  this typical russian apologism painting themselves as a victims is nausiating . 
  although i 'm the angry eastern european , i do understand your sentiment . 
  as i 'm also baffled with the critics ( that includes us , by that i mean people in power here ) who dont offer or come up with some plan for compensation . 
  i would willingly have my part of taxes go to the cause . 
  nevertheless very dangerous precendent as it might lead to further extremes ( targeting civilians ) and that from both sides if war keeps escalating . 
   the rebels have actually been trying to hand over the black boxes for days , but kiev would n't let the malaysians go to donetsk to collect them . 
  do you have any reliable sources on that ? 
  as i 've been following several journalists tweets and judging from there rebels were quite clearly hinderig the investigations . 
  so is it mainly up to germany now ? 
  as it seems other big ones are willing to go further ? 
  what fail ? 
  he implies that you can not trust what moscow says . 
  trust can be won back , but do n't expect it to happen after one true statement . 
  i do n't know if you have been following the whole thing , but ukraine has been trying to talk for quite a lot , pretty much since the annexation of crimea ( they avoided violence for months ) . 
  did not work . 
   they started yet another illegal coup against a democratically elected government in that case , russia should n't be supporting assad , as he is not democratically elected . 
  stop just saying things , its been old for a while now , do things !, 
  i bet specialists can easily tell if thats buk under the tarp . 
  there are so many signs pointing to a certain direction that you can hardly say its weak anymore . 
  lol . 
  its for internal use , do n't take this bs seriously .
