  few hours later without asking anyone join a another country ? 
  1 , estonia was better off than finland before ww2 . 
  so , ussr most probably was a pretty awful thing for economy . 
  and economy is not only numbers . 
  it 's the fact that our lands were occupied and foreign system imposed . 
  russia is quite butthurt for losing to us . 
  try being occupied for 50 years , then you know what bitter really tastes like . 
  2 , i think almost every family here in estonia suffered from deportations or straight forward executions . 
  one third of the whole population suffered deportation , death or gulag . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_deportations_from_estonia one of my grandparents was sent to work camp and most of the family was shot , just because they owned some land . 
  3 , most common story from people who survived both occupation , nazis and communists , is that german soldiers were very polite and civil , but russians were rude , violent and barbaric . 
  one side of my grandparents are estonians and the other is russian speaking . 
  and during german occupation my russian grandmother was sent to work camp in poland . 
  she was sent there in normal humane conditions and she has no horror stories from the camp . 
  but when russians `` liberated '' her , she was put in overcrowded cattle car with no food and water . 
  and on the way back to homeland a child in their car who cried for too long was shot by russian soldier who was guarding them . 
  my grandmother was teenage girl then , with her sister , and she still says that her sister was never the same again after that incident . 
  and put all these points aside . 
  i think that history itself is not what drives a lot of people towards anti-russian sentiment . 
  but it 's the post-soviet mentality of russians and russia . 
  i think your post is a great example of it . 
  through some mental acrobatics and twisted moral you try make a victim out of yourself - which probably in your mind makes the crimes more or less okay . 
  and i do n't want to attack you personally . 
  i just hear this line of thought you proposed quite often . 
  i think germany handled historic issues so well . 
  russia is nowhere close to realizing the issue and nowhere close even looking at the truth . 
  in fact lately putin is heading russia in exactly opposite direction ( with cultivation of ethnic nationalism and ussr greatness myth ) . 
  it 's kind of a shame . 
  because it will only widen the gap between eastern europeans and russians . 
  i think we are heading into some rocky ride in that sense . 
  edit : grammar, 
   could n't we just get someone else to buy them ? 
  i was thinking the same . 
  i 'm sure there are neutral or countries in alliance who would be interested . 
  and then we would only need to deal with the fine . 
   yes this goes both ways , but people have to decide where they stand now and apparently they 're closer to moscow than to kiev . 
  i 'm just not happy about throwing around nazi words towards kiev and western ukraine while russia is the one who has fascists in the top ( e.g. 
  zhirinovsky , dugin ) and vehemently cultivating nationalistic ideology in russia and abroad ( within russian speakers ) . 
  it just seems to me that at the moment russians are lacking any ability of introspection , and are in absolute illusion of fighting the fascists from west . 
   there is no opposition to the nazis in the current government . 
  what about russia ? 
  who opposes putins push for ethnic nationalism ? 
  my initial point was i dont support idiots with guns that lead country to civil war . 
   oooops they are not even allowed to have a referendum interesting situation no ? 
  so , you are supporting chechnya 's separatism ? 
   this wont get many comments but will get tons of downvotes since this goes against the general accepted narrative ... why dont you go back and comment about the eurovision you seem to be pleased with yourself . 
  do n't worry , you are not alone , putin has been waiting for this too . 
  this is exactly what any reasonable person has been warning about . 
  you think that you can just declare parts of the country independent without consequences ? 
  this was predictable , because this crisis has been on the path to civil war for a while now . 
  these national guardsmen actions are inexcusable . 
  but the armed separatists are no better . 
  because what did they expect when they took those buildings with rifles and guns and started organizing referendums - a surrender , a pillow fight ? 
  inevitably there is going to be civilian blood . 
  this whole situation is going bad really quick ... and idiots with guns ( now from both sides ) do n't seem to think about the consequences . 
  i would claim the opposite . 
  her winning is a sign that europe is still alive . 
  if one day eu would make fighting for lgbt equality illegal , that would be the end of europe . 
   dire minorities situation are you local ? 
  because just last night i talked to my neighbor . 
  a nice older woman . 
  and she is russian . 
  holds a grey passport . 
  and she said to me that she does not ** want ** estonian citizenship . 
  that she does n't need it . 
  if someone comes to her door and asks her to apply , then she might think about it . 
  and half of my family is russian speakers ( one grey passport holder , who is actually the estonian ) . 
  i have no idea what dire minority situation are you talking about . 
  this propaganda you either consuming or pushing is ludicrous . 
  according to russia there is dire human rights violations in norway . 
  russia 's rhetorics on this topic is a big fat joke . 
   russia will never attack any nato member . 
  russia is too unpredictable to state that . 
  we do n't know what future holds for russia . 
  all i can say is that putin 's life ( or freedom ) depends whether he stays on top or not . 
  it is pretty desperate position to be in . 
   they care about their money and their swiss villas . 
  why then allow another foreign power into your country ? 
  first and foremost we are eu . 
  if you think those troops stationed here are somehow going to affect our politics , you even went so far as comparing them to soviet occupation , then you are seriously delusional . 
  soviet occupation costed estonia 3rd of its population . 
  many of them shot and sent to gulag and rest deported . 
  nothing even remotely similar is going to happen even if we have 10000 times more us troops here , its just not what us would do in eu . 
  please keep from comparing ussr in baltics to nato if you are so ignorant about the matter . 
   i take it you have no actual arguments ? 
  some of the conclusions you draw from the article are not what i read to begin with . 
   ukraine is fully pro-eu/nato what ? 
   dugin 's eurasianism and the national bolshevik dumbassery is on the rise it does n't say its on the rise . 
  article claims putin is using dugins `` neo-eurasianism '' ideology . 
   the left supports this eurasianism/national bolshevism and putin is the next stalin trying to revive the soviet , despite acting against the communists i kind of agree with you there in the first half , but saying that putin is fighting communists is missing the point . 
  putin is fighting any opposition . 
  and i do n't think article means that putin wants back the communist soviet union , but he wants back the `` might '' of the soviet union . 
   the right supports this national bolshevism and putin is the next hitler well . 
  putins politics have fascist tendencies . 
  anti-gay laws , nationalistic arguments for annexing sovereign countries , very intensive push for ethnic nationalism and last but not least a dictatorship . 
  if russia will keep same direction it will not be difficult to define its regime as fascist . 
  and thats going to be what they call a cosmic joke . 
  edit : readability, 
  finland has the best one i can not lie . 
   the baltic countries are shooting themselves in the foot by begging the usa to permanently station their forces on their soil .
