  and modern us is not historically us . 
  you just draw the line of becoming historically legit randomly where it suits your argument , there is no cosmological law for that . 
  i mean crimean annexation day , what a fine celebration . 
  i was trying to spot anything lethal , but looked like transporters and medical stuff in general . 
  its a childish and shortsighted attitude . 
  i think our countries ( or at least estonia ) are great examples how amazingly one can reform from backward ussr shit to more modern western society . 
  i saw it with my own eyes how quickly we got rid of so much corruption , which is miracle in its own right . 
  remember very clearly how in early days i paid cops so that they would n't register my speeding etc - something that is impossible to do for more than 10 years now . 
  plus . 
  estonia is a great country in sense of being pioneering with e-voting and e-government etc. 
  just because we are small and the salary is not yet sweden , does n't mean we are shit . 
  i do n't know who fucking upvotes you . 
  yep . 
  i think this symbolic amount is great . 
  but if they bring in double or triple what we have , would n't complain - more hardware , tanks etc would be good . 
  definitely feel safer and country is probably more stable in general with them here . 
  at this point , putin can say whatever he wants and i almost automatically assume the opposite . 
  like so many have already pointed out , this guy 's public appearances and politics in general is like a giant poker game . 
  [ sunday : kadyrov praises `` patriotism '' of two nemtsov murder suspects . 
  monday : putin gives kadyrov an order of merit . 
  kadyrov and kremlin are besties . 
  putin could easily use kadyrovs men as scapegoats as a deal - anyone can make the assasination as long as you have someone to publicly point finger at later . 
  i bet kadyrov have plenty of troublesome dudes he can sacrifice . 
  i think the main question what or who is alternative . 
  and there 's nothing on the horizon . 
  especially if we take into consideration anything sensible ( `` western friendly '' ) is demonized into oblivion by the propaganda . 
  someone like medvedev would be semi-good option . 
  although i guess we ca n't ignore the fact that he was/is controlled by putin . 
  i do n't know , russia is in a difficult place politically , there 's no light in the end of the tunnel . 
  probably will get worse before it gets better . 
   and i do n't think many highly-educated russians are rushing to immigrate to the baltic countries anyway . 
  nobody is rushing to immigrate here , not even people from poorest countries on the planet . 
  we have sweden just next to us . 
  i think every other country besides poland would be lukewarm about it . 
  so , my belief is that poland would react quite harshly causing a chain reaction , maybe eventually pulling germany to get out of the bed . 
  but in general , i have almost zero trust when it comes to protection from eu ( in first weeks the most they could pull off is sanction with swift , maybe ) . 
  us/nato is our best hope . 
  i could n't be more happy we managed to join that organization in time . 
  the whole news story is so fucked up . 
  it really , really gets tiring being called nazi state . 
  these last elections we had a far-right party getting into a parliament , first time after soviet collapse ( mostly as a backlash our government letting same sex union law get passed - yeah , euro gay fascists ) . 
  and in that party theres one young idiot member who praised hitlers germany 's economy 3 years ago in some blog . 
  he was widely criticized , i mean , very harsh backlash in the media and by politicians etc. 
  and of course . 
  in comes fucking russian media . 
  takes old sarcastic sketch done by local comedians about neo-nazis and claims its that young douchebags actual recruiting video . 
  also their news claim that supporting nazis on state level is a normal thing in estonia , poorest countries in europe , bla bla bla the rest irrelevant and standard hate they managed to cram in . 
  i 'm beyond frustration at this point how blatantly russian media lies about baltics , about europe and about west in general . 
  in russian mainstream media there is no journalism , its pure political agenda . 
  they take any material what is visually suitable and turn it to whatever they like . 
  its like a freaking parody . 
  really , really , really tired being putins neighbor . 
  russia , please , get rid of that fuck . 
  thats not good argument . 
  there are countries where women get stoned for `` cheating '' . 
  we do n't take it as a measurement of our own standards . 
  i think the only truly important thing is to ensure secularism prevails , so that none of the religious tendencies would seep into laws . 
  ( although , that all said , i 'm afraid that in the long run , when more muslims get elected into governments in europe , we will be seeing them trying to change laws according to their beliefs - more than christians for instance . 
  that might be a problem ), 
  i believe there are two sides to it . 
  one thing is that putin turned the propaganda machine on 11 . 
  but also , maybe more important , is when population is ready for nationalism and `` wants to believe '' what is said by dear leaders . 
  russia is prime for brainwash at the moment , they are hungry for scape goat , and putin is exploiting the situation . 
  because there is no harm and as democratic states we should allow equal rights to all ( if it does not bring harm ) . 
  it 's a principal thing, 
  yet to hear intelligent argument against it . 
  i think it goes in category of `` women voting is wrong '' . 
  this . 
  i keep repeating it . 
  in 2002 putin was willing to let ukraine into nato . 
  now it 's just a narrative putin is pushing to justify his `` conflicts '' that help keep his power . 
  there was no threat from us or eu to russia other than perhaps helping opposition ( which made putin worried , seeing how fast maidan happened ) . 
  just look at russias media . 
  they claim that baltics are preparing to attack russia with nato and war is imminent . 
  it 's ridiculous notion , and i think quite a good insight into putins intentions . 
  somehow i doubt that this murder will affect his position . 
  i would say even the opposite , he will turn it around and gets population behind him . 
  and important part is that the rest of guys who oppose him publicly will think twice next time . 
  i 'm not saying this is how it is . 
  but i can easily see it as plausible scenario . 
  i do n't buy the arguments of `` its bad for putin , he would never do that '' , he has done it before with beneficial outcome for him and i do n't see a problem why not do it again . 
   i do n't think putin gave an order to murder this guy , i mean people , honestly , why would he do that ? 
  to send a message ? 
  to suppress any `` ideas '' of `` maidan '' ? 
  and because putin actually can pull it off , with the media machine he has . 
  i 'm not saying he did it . 
  but i think its one of the most realistic scenarios , knowing putins record . 
  politics often are not kindergarden because you have to make compromises . 
  not so much the case with putin . 
  dictators often punish people for personal reasons , because they can . 
  for being against gay marriage for instance . 
  it is stupid , i 'm sorry . 
  i hope this snowball effect will eventually start really effecting bigots too . 
  in our country we had same sex unions legalized . 
  but the consequences is that we had far right gaining 8 % in recent elections , hence getting into parliament ( first time after ussr collapsed ) . 
  i 'm for democracy and all , but this is just stupidity getting votes , what a waste . 
  happy new year dude !, 
   edit : you are loser like me reading reddit at 0.30 , 
  with trump as president ? 
  i think even obama with his muslim roots will be banned and sent to exile .
