  putin himself said the nuclear warheads were ready when he took crimea . 
  nobody , not you not me , no analysts no the planet could have predicted the outcome of those few days when it was ongoing - and i remember quite clearly , world was on its toes . 
  i guess you knew though . 
  for me you are the one who 's exaggerating with bizarre confidence . 
  we have different understanding of the world . 
  i could say you are biased . 
  it 's pretty meaningless argument . 
  if you want to have honest and productive convo , you need to debunk the claims and arguments , labelling is weak and useless . 
  the thing with crimea is that it was quite short of starting 3rd world war . 
  that alone is why i think the whole annexation was extremely irresponsible - hence worth of criticism . 
  if all countries will take that as a standard , the world will be over very soon . 
  and you ca n't really be sure of the outcome with methods of war . 
  you go in with tanks , create a huge mess and hysteria , and call for `` referendum '' in few weeks . 
  that 's not even close to finding out what people want . 
  it 's putting a person through hell and then pointing gun at him and asking what he thinks . 
  plus , the polls just before the conflict showed there was no interest in joining russia . 
  it clearly shows that in peace time the outcome would be different . 
  and it was n't the first crisis with the government . 
  ukraine had plenty of them throughout 90 's and early 2000 . 
  so that 's not very convincing either . 
  i 'm not saying i know the outcome . 
  i 'm saying neither do you . 
  i think your certainty is founded on skewed reality . 
  yes , in very simplified way of speaking . 
  russia could n't have pulled it off in the 90 's . 
  since they were equally weak . 
  the power balance had to be safely on russia 's side . 
  and the fact that kiev had a power vacuum was also key importance . 
  with functioning military hierarchy on kiev side it would 've been very very costly business to take over crimea . 
  i agree . 
  even though i 'd love to see wealthy and prosperous neighbour , it does seem that wealth correlates with aggression with russia . 
  more money in kremlin more trouble for us . 
  90 's and beginning of 2000 were very hopeful and optimistic times in terms of future . 
  maybe the rise was too fast , maybe russia needs to get used to the fact that empire is over before getting too much resources to waste . 
  i 'd never trust putin anymore . 
  i think as soon as he gets a chance he will invade or attack some neighbour . 
  he is not the type to slowly and quietly rule to his death . 
  he is overly ambitious for quiet . 
  cool . 
  more stuff like that , and less stuff like `` war '' from russia , please . 
  i 'm also from tallinn . 
  i 'm also a dog owner . 
  i 'm also a gamer . 
  i could go on and on . 
  plus , i can be something that i 'm not . 
  i 'm not a believer in god . 
  nationalists tend to focus on one thing and try to define oneself or others only by one specific thing , i guess because they are nationalists . 
  it 's narrow in my opinion . 
   to whom ? 
  seems not to you , but to the rest of the world . 
  i post anti-putin comments . 
  and i 'm ethnically russian living in estonian . 
  i have every right to have an opinion . 
  if you look at all my comments , not just cherrypick , then i 'm against dictatorships , fascism , nationalism , far-right and conservatism . 
  putin is pretty much avangard in all those , with huge military and active beyond its borders . 
  in regards to crimea . 
  first , russia is not democracy . 
  second , this is not how referendums are organized , this is how you start a war . 
  probably nothing . 
  depends how old you are too . 
  the fall of any empire is inevitable . 
  and i do n't think average joe ever really misses one . 
  take uk . 
  germany had a hangover , started few wars though . 
  but eventually it does n't really matter . 
  life in germany is on average even better than in us . 
  so perhaps not being an empire but just a country with very good economy is more than fine . 
  not sure if thats how americans think . 
  being # 1 is perhaps more important there than it is here . 
  exiting nato would symbolically mean a retreat/defeat . 
  and it would definitely be huge blow on us influence on the globe . 
  that would include influence in pacific . 
  just because less total sum and less partners . 
  depends on circumstances . 
  if we have russia friendly leaders ( like le pen ) . 
  if the situation is crafted to look like `` internal '' , like in donbass etc etc. 
  after 5 years we will be even more tired of conflicts . 
  and there needs to be a major crisis in nato for that . 
  west has bargained away the eastern europe in the past . 
  it can do it again . 
  all you need is for the west to be in the corner . 
  at the moment its impossible of course . 
  but things change . 
  and you need to be prepared for the situations like that . 
  i can name a few . 
  putin is good at boosting his ratings via war . 
  there are crimea type of areas in baltics that could suddenly become `` holy land '' and historically important for russia . 
  it could be a part of `` russki mir '' project . 
  it could be part of undermining nato . 
  these are very simplified versions . 
  it 's always more complex . 
  like with ukraine . 
  you need very specific circumstances to match , so that russia can claim legitimacy ( the ones that you seem to imply on ) . 
  i can easily imagine one in eu , with somekind of political turmoil in the baltics , and russia exploiting the situation . 
  your logic dictates , as soon as there are some protests in some country , all the neighbours have a green light to roll in their tanks and `` make a referendum '' ? 
  world war will happen every 2 months . 
  ukraine can be considered europe . 
  you could claim the whole war began because of the association agreement . 
  you kind omit the fact that russia ( from their point of view ) is in informal war with the `` west '' . 
  russia wants something that it can not have - control over its pervious ussr countries .
