   on behalf of the rebels , ** has little to do with putin ** are you for real ? 
   we should first find out what really happened and who is responsible before jumping into conclusions . 
  yeah , with separatists destroying evidence ( i wonder why ) there is any chance for investigation . 
   on other point ukrainian army using disproportionate force that causes civilians to die . 
  and russia did not ? 
   as if ukraine stands a chance to remain in the same borders at all . 
  why not ? 
   like if russian lives were worthless compared to european `` masters '' lives . 
  like i already mentioned , this is rather universal . 
  imagine if they would have shot down american airline with 200 us citizens . 
  imagine the reaction then . 
  yeah we care about our team in world cup more than others , welcome to reality . 
  plus . 
  russia keeps blabbering about russian speaking people needing protection abroad , what about non-russian speaking people , maybe muslims in italy . 
  those masters russian speakers so much more important . 
  but it seems you are not capable of seeing the hypocricy , congrats . 
  nevertheless my point stands . 
  plus , russias main argument for invasion of ukraine has been based on nationalism . 
  so it 's kind of hypocritical to wine about europe being angry that europeans died . 
   you 're guessing , you do n't guess over something so important , also you are guessing . 
  people stepping outside their houses might lead to war . 
  you think this will lead to war , i disagree with you completely , i think its nowhere close to that . 
  my opinion is that putin plays this game only on mental level . 
  he is not interested in conflict he loses . 
  especially his oligarch friends are not interested in that . 
  we have radically different evaluation of the situation . 
  and like i said , i think putin is exploiting `` your '' fear , this is as far it goes . 
  edit : and my prediction is . 
  maybe in 5 years , after more of similar incidents . 
  europe ( with similar mentality as you ) will think , ok thats enough now we 'll go to war . 
  and what happens is putin will just step back . 
  he 'll be like , you guys , so aggressive , i am being attacked , i 'm not going to respond to this . 
  and only after a little while when dust settles he will turn it into his weapon and argument , that eu is the aggressive one and without morals and will try again something new . 
  this is how he plays . 
   1 ) the fault of rebels in this tragedy and russian involvement is taken as a fact . 
  with no basis . 
  right ...  2 ) the outrage in the rest of europe is strong , but we could see such a thing when because of the shelling of the cities each week similar amount of people dies in eastern ukraine . 
  that one i kind of agree with . 
  but this could be put the other way around too . 
  russia did n't seem to care about grozny civilians , was more concerned about their own people dying in those two explosions prior the war . 
  this is how world is , not particular to this conflict . 
  edit : grammar, 
  not gon na happen , but i would support this move . 
  time to act . 
  i mean , they accidentally shot down the plane , its awful , but i 'm sure even those bastards did n't want that . 
  but . 
  the fact that now they are hindering the investigation and dragging bodies who knows where and looting personal belongings . 
  this is conscious and deliberate act of disrespect to put it mildly . 
   russia would be absolutely guaranteed to deploy its own troops to the same area , then you have respective forces in close proximity facing off against each other . 
  i disagree . 
  russia has even smaller interest of war with west than the other way around , as russia is guaranteed to lose . 
  russia is exploiting exactly your type of mentality at the moment , people who believe so much in ww3 that every little step has to be considered for months . 
  this mentality has crippled eu into standstill meanwhile russia is stepping all over sovereign country . 
  i agree . 
  putin is not going to attack eu . 
  right now its been just a chicken game , and eu has been chickening out every time . 
  putin is good at mindfucking us . 
  and i think this is what people in eu has not understood . 
  not only leaders . 
  dead bodies of the rebels are sent back to russia . 
   i think the eu leaders are right in wanting an international investigation before deciding anything . 
  very naive , sorry . 
  the wreck is in russian controlled territory . 
  and there is n't going to be any investigation , rebels not only took the plane apart , also the bodies are taken who knows where . 
  i guess russia will check everything before it hands `` evidence '' over to the west . 
  i doubt he is so stupid . 
  just muddying the waters , so that people talk about this kind of random stuff instead of actual stuff . 
   the sanctions will not hit any of the oligarchs . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  i 'd argue freezing oligarchs assets , bank accounts and restricting flight to us and eu for them and their families would be the best way of pushing putins buttons . 
  he wont last a week in moscow . 
  is this somehow unexpected ? 
  for merkel maybe . 
  yes , i agree with both points . 
  yeah , what you think the alternative is ? 
  putin gets away with crimea , with eastern ukraine , with several hundred europeans dead ... what do you think how does that affect a person , a criminal , if there is no consequences to his/her crimes ? 
  you think it wo n't come back and bite ? 
  it already is !, 
  the passiveness has cost several hundreds of eu citizens lives . 
  but this is not enough , lets see how far putin goes next time . 
  and why would n't russia sell gas even if you put everyone under travel restrictions and freeze all the oligarchs assets in eu ? 
  russia not selling gas is much worse for russia than the other way around . 
  the difference is russia plays the game with confidence but eu is afraid even of a thought of a risk , even though eu has upper hand almost in every aspect of the game . 
  putin is winning the game purely because he is in stronger psychological state , like literally , he is winning with bolder decisions . 
  and weird part is , he knows that , we know that , everybody knows that , yet we can not get out of the box of our own made rules to defeat this guy . 
   it 's been ~ 24 hours since the plane crashed , and if / r/europe got its way there 'd be a full embargo on russia and a proxy war raging in ukraine . 
  yes but let me tell you where this is going to lead , if nothing is done now . 
  some ambiguous limbo . 
  you think any investigation is going to be possible ? 
  this area is controlled by rebels and they have all the time in the world right now to cover up their tracks . 
  and already in that tsunami of bs from russia and pro-russians on every site they are managing to sideline the conversation , while in any other normal situation admitting to your crime is kind of enough for proof . 
  russia is recycling the tactics since crimea and going to do this again , just pour the media with huge quantity of crap and western world is just confused and in waiting mode , because they think there is some kind of a fair game with russia . 
  yeah , even rebels admitted it . 
  but within a month we have another conflict somewhere else and this is going to be forgotten , merkel can buy cheap gas . 
  also they have access to internet and twitter . 
  where rebels kind of admitted the act and later backpaddled . 
  i read just now merkel suggesting france not to sell mistrals . 
  its in estonian though : http://uudised.err.ee/v/valismaa/8acfa7b9-bbcb-4ac0-bb03-2d027751ca57, 
  i think this particular buk is as famous as osama bin laden as soon as the news hit the media . 
  i would n't be surprised if pretty much whole population in the region knew every step it took and hiding it was pretty hard .
