  stop moralizing , vote for people who are not yet far-right but are willing to act against the immigration . 
  and i 'm saying it all being sort of leftist . 
  but i 'm not blinded by the ideology . 
  i 'm worried about the future . 
  shits going down . 
  yet the post is 76 % upvoted . 
  i guess it turns out its popular to blame r/europe of being anti-muslim , how meta . 
  our first fight . 
  so cute . 
  yeah , that complicated communism , only known by select few scholars , of course , you being one of them . 
  kind of predicted someone will say that . 
  look . 
  i 'm not here to burst some kids bubble . 
  so i 'll just give up and admit , you changed my mind , communism is possible and imminent . 
  well , i was hoping it will be obvious its sarcasm . 
  i failed . 
  nationalism lacks economic aspect , but its clearly political ideology . 
  my point was that some nationalists can argue same way as you do that the problem was that hitler was mistaken and did n't achieve really the right kind of nationalism , hence nationalism has nothing to do with the body count of 20th century . 
  i addressed the perpetual excuses for communism not succeeding in my other posts . 
  i 'm not even arguing that communist apologists are wrong in their assumptions of there is yet to be achieved the circumstances that will give rise to `` full and functional '' communism . 
  i do n't exclude the possibility , and to be frank , on purely idea level i would n't oppose the system . 
  i just have almost zero faith it will ever happen . 
  actually i 'm not ignoring the circumstances . 
  this just illustrates my point of communism being unrealistic . 
  the fact that you need some perfect circumstances for communism to rise is already a sign of shitty ideology that will most probably never work , as history is showing , humans are flawed and have not yet met the required circumstances across the globe with many attempts reaching for communism . 
  only some fragments of communism is possibility . 
  again , i 'd bring an example as christianity , similarly naive ideology that will never work with humans to its full potential . 
  nietzsche said `` last christian died on the cross '' . 
  we have just fragments of realized christianity . 
  actually most mass murders came long after the revolution . 
  anyway , i see your point , i just disagree with it . 
  but thats fine too , 
  ah , thats true . 
  soviets were supposedly in transit stage . 
  communism is an idea , ideology . 
  sure we can extract it from historical reality and claim communism never reached perfection thus the crimes have nothing to do with it . 
  this kind of argumentation is not convincing to me though . 
  somehow i bet you link nationalism with some terrible events in history more easily , perhaps ? 
  its similar vibe when you hear christian or muslim claim that they know the real essence of their religion , the rest are on wrong path thus failing . 
  we could even draw comparison with nationalism , where often people argue about pure nationality and make some arbitrary lines where the purity starts , of course always i 'm the one who matches all the criteria . 
  if people believe in something they have quite a weak ability for critical introspection . 
  and i bet i 'm no different , i just happen not to believe in none of the things i mentioned . 
  immigrants from the south even in baltic sea now !!!!, 
  do n't let them on land , sink the fuckers !, 
  if you say soviets did n't have communism you ca n't really claim french did . 
  but in regards of time , i agree , soviets had quite short period of communism , that just goes to show that none of the experiments have lasted , communism is destined to fail . 
  and i do n't see why is it bad that communist ideology got smeared , history shows that most likely violence follows communism , its just is so , why feel sorry for it ? 
  its ideology that sounds good on paper but is shit in practice , lets face it , its incompatible with human nature . 
  its about time to let go of failed systems and come up with something new , better . 
  edit : ok just got back from hard work of thinking and basically came up with this . 
  lets share all the things with eachother and be equal , ** but ** without killing eachother . 
  sounds pretty doable and realistic to me . 
  can someone explain me why are we so obsessed with growth even when having highest living standards in the world ? 
  they tested communism . 
  kind of important experiment to be frank . 
  of course it turned out to be disaster , but its good to know the limits of humanity . 
  i know they were not the only ones , but as far as i know the first ones , and every attempt counts , 
  okay , this is one of the cases where i have to come and call out smear or just shitty reporting . 
  it was clearly meant for someone in the audience , as he later in same conference asked someone in the audience sarcastically if he was bothering them ? 
  seemed like someone was talking while he was answering questions . 
  there is a slight chance of course that this was his way of saving face , but it would be such brilliant move that this level of talent in diplomacy would mean he wouldnt have made the mistake to begin with , 
  i do n't know why do we keep dancing around it like some taboo but this shit is going to be handled by army in 5 years , max . 
  whether leftists want it or not . 
  and i 'm no rightist , so do n't blame me of having wishful thinking . 
  europe is known having slow reaction time . 
  so reaction is coming at some point , and its going to be ugly . 
  we better buckle up and get used to news of riots and bad treatment of immigrants . 
  if we ca n't stop them from crossing , then we 'll pay the price by fucking them up on our continent . 
  i can not see any other scenario coming out of this , theres not going to be `` kumbaya , lets live happily together '' moment , not this decade nor next . 
  in my unsourced opinion i want to work and everybody else is lazy . 
  broken by russia by invading and occupying parts of ukraine . 
  by nukes you mean suicide button ? 
  putin is not mad , he would use nukes only if theres immediate existential threat to russia . 
  and my opinion was that west had very small window when putin was on his knees right after the the plane was downed , he knew he screwed up big time and i believe he knew sending peacekeepers by west was justified . 
  isnt merkel labeled as indecisive at home too ? 
  but really , i like her , and do n't `` blame '' her . 
  i blame putin . 
  if breivik is not released then i guess it not really a rehab system after all . 
  and like i stated this is the system that i prefer where both aspects are merged . 
  i guess the question lies what we consider a heinous crime and what not - who are to be released and who are not . 
  i guess it comes down to political preference or even philosophical one , whether you lean more towards social well being or individual well being . 
  i 'm somewhere in the center . 
  both needs must be met . 
  for instance the idea of breivik getting out in 20 years or even less is absolutely appalling idea . 
  in my view disrespectful to victims and their friends and relatives - even if breivik is rehabilitated and will be productive member of society . 
  you could argue that psychos and criminals can intentionally exploit the system , you murder 100 kids , knowing you 'll be out in no time , just because on average , statistically rehab is efficient . 
  every crime has to be met with adequate consequences , its the way to avoid exploitation of the system . 
  also a pretty big change this year in regards to nationality of the tourists . 
  due to russias economic problems the numbers of russian tourists have dropped drastically . 
  but rise in tourists from asia is proportionally higher . 
  its idiocracy . 
  i do n't want to draw merkel card again , but i do believe that indecisiveness of germany is bigger problem . 
  i think germany is the only country in eu that putin takes seriously and i sincerely believe that right after the plane was shot down there was a couple of days of window when netherlands and germany could have sent in the forces without conflict escalation , and it would have been check mate for putin . 
  but once again he saw the weakness of the west and it made him only bolder after that . 
  we saw him absolutely ridiculing the honor of the victims and investigation . 
  i do n't see you guys being alone on this though . 
  whole europe is definitely in support when it comes down to trial and investigation , nobody in the west is questioning your right for justice in this case . 
  when time magazine chooses most powerful people of the year and putin gets nr .1 , they really need an asshole of the year category there . 
  putin is not nationalist at heart , at least in my opinion , he is more of a thuggish politician 90 's style exploiting nationalism as a tool . 
  and you really have to know the 90 's mentality to understand how self-centered it was .
