  and more open-mindedness regarding lgbt and such . 
  wait what ? 
  yeah , like greeks had nothing to do with fucking up their economy . 
  why are you not talking about latvia , who is coming out of the recession with imf program . 
  and i 'm not saying thanks to imf . 
  but thanks to hardworking people . 
  greeks are hardworking too , but they went too far for too long to get back on their feet as quickly as latvia . 
  and you call others pets , i hope you realize by your logic 99.9999 % of people on this planet is someones pet . 
  russia is putins pet . 
  putin is chinas pet , china is pet of that and that guy or that bank etc etc. 
   a lot of people in those areas whose jobs are dependent upon eastward trade may lose their jobs . 
  yes , you are comparing a recession to a death of a nation . 
  i bet most prefer the former . 
  plus . 
  lets not forget , eastern europe is probably better off even with recession than being part of russia as living standards are higher ( on top of that russia is facing a recession in its own ) . 
  thats only economically speaking . 
  no reason to point out no westerner actually wants to live under `` russian values '' / `` russian democracy '' . 
   ah so it 's ok to fuck up latin america or middle east because there we do n't have millions of people living ... you want to go to whatabaout arguments here ? 
  russia fucked up whole eastern europe . 
  they sent people to death camps like nazis . 
  and before us , they had their own afghanistan . 
  so yeah , everyone meddles . 
  and yes , there is a difference if russia has thingy in chechnya or it initiates a ww3 . 
  yes , everyone meddles somewhere with spies and such . 
  difference is that last two times wars in europe ended up world wars . 
  putin is playing a game where stakes are potentially lives of tens of millions of people if this stuff gets out of control . 
  and for what ? 
  for one guy ? 
  all this is going to be because one guy is securing his power . 
  incidentally , poorer part of the europe is the one who potentially suffers the most if we ** do n't ** impose tougher sanctions . 
  i think we are willing to have a little hardship to avoid russia 's invasion , which would be the end of any prospect and freedom . 
  but europes problem is not the army or power , it could take down russia without us help easily . 
  problem is the lack of unity and will . 
  yeah , lets avoid doing anything that might make life tiny bit harder . 
  we saw how well that ended in 1930-s . 
  maidan was not pro-european . 
  it was anti-corruption . 
  and you can not compare pro-russian militia to the maidan protesters . 
  pro-russians are heavily armed . 
  civil conflict benefit kiev ? 
  wow . 
  just wow man . 
   that is modern politics , wherever you look you see 2 oposing factions , no dialog no compromise . 
  not what i meant . 
  before the tanks are in , people want things like different government , no eu , more independence , things like that . 
  but in war , there is no such choices . 
  with soldiers with guns on the streets you are either with us or with them , there is no nuances . 
  and thats how russia gets east ukraine . 
  yes , but you realize how they get the population on their side ? 
  russia pushes country to war , that makes people choose between two things , russia or ukraine . 
  before the war ( by war i mean even the illusion is enough , all you need is tanks on the streets ) eastern ukraine was clearly not interested in joining russia , same thing was in crimea . 
  but you polarize people with fear into extreme , and you get the half all to yourself . 
   this law does n't though , just starving them . 
  it 's not the law that starves them . 
  it 's the laziness . 
  human beings should be responsible for taking care of themselves ( except those who can not physically or mentally ) . 
  the society can run properly if everyone chips in . 
   how do we know this is n't fake like much of everything else ? 
  not only that . 
  but the problem lies in the way he maintains the popularity . 
  other guys could be as popular or even better leaders , but russia has no chance finding it out as putin controls the media , puts critics in jail and squashes anyone who politically gets an inch higher than the grass . 
   that 's imho one of the key issues . 
  russians are still proud of ussr and `` achievements '' of stalin . 
  germans despise hitler and a 3rd reich . 
  agree !, 
  not only it is very offensive for us eastern europeans . 
  but i think it also hinders russia as society to have moral progress . 
  yes , agree . 
  my russian speaking grandmother is not fond of russians . 
  during ww2 she and her family was sent to working camp somewhere to poland by germans . 
  and she has nothing but good things to say about german soldiers . 
  they were polite and civil etc. 
  but when russia came to liberate and sent them back ... i 'm not going to go to details here , but she always starts crying when she talks about it . 
  and overall this is the experience and sentiment of people here in my country who actually lived through both occupations russian and german during ww2 . 
  i know the history , lots of people suffered because of germany . 
  but here in eastern europe russians were as bad or even worse than germans , as at least germany lost and they did n't feel entitled and proud of their deeds for the rest of the century . 
  so yes . 
  cultures and nations differ . 
  i know its politically incorrect and all . 
  but i 'd say some cultures just breed more bad than others . 
  obviously there are worse places than russia , say some middle east country , where everyone sort of agrees that gays should be hanged and in some cases women stoned . 
  but that said there are always good people everywhere . . so hope is that goodness wins and conquers in the end . . or something like that ? 
   and perhaps in russia too , the good guys will prevail , very soon . 
   could you give some examples of what you would consider good , comprehensive , independent sources ? 
  i think you can generally trust the outlets of the top of the list countries - [ freedom of press index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index ) people like different news outlets , so it really depends . 
  but i think you can have a general approach in this and obviously like in any other subject read as much as possible from different most truthful sources . 
  yep . 
  this time vice has done really good job , from the beginning of this series . 
   this thing is quickly becoming a legit civil war . 
  i really hope it wont come to that . 
  better split the country than have a war . 
  very worrying . 
  to a degree , yes . 
  but lets be clear here . 
  independent press is not dead and there are different amounts of journalistic freedom in different countries . 
  no reason to put them all in one category . 
  i doubt its fake ( because i 'm sure thats exactly whats happening there right now ) . 
  but there 's no way to confirm it and the sources are not reliable . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  is anyone actually thinking russia is not involved and not coordinating it ?
