  german and austrian refugees were probably too considered potentially nazi and such , even though they were running from nazis . 
  and i 'd say nazi regime is morally on the same level with isis . 
  so much for cultural advancement . 
  i 'm not a fan of islam either ( or any religion , or even any mass ideology ) . 
  but i do think there 's a bit more to the whole terrorism thingy than just islam . 
  there 's a set of conditions that trigger the radicalisation . 
  i think thats how history works . 
  accepting refugees is moral thing to do . 
  i 'm pretty sure in 50 years this jihad thingy is out of fashion . 
  oh i agree . 
  i meant tallinn outside the city center . 
  which goes with your point that other towns and parts of estonia often look far better than the suburbs of tallinn . 
  tartu is my favourite town in estonia . 
  outside city tallinn is pretty much fallout4 . 
  some gentrification would n't hurt , 
  well , i had refugee crisis in mind , i think there 's zero estonians who are in panic about finnish immigrants , 
  yup . 
  thats why on both , far-right and far-left is more emotion than brain . 
  i 'm genuinely worried where we , eastern europe , are heading . 
  in 38 , majority of americans were against accepting german and austrian political refugees . 
  looking back at it , how fucking ridiculous is that . 
  i bet in the future the situation with syrian refugees is going to be looked at in quite the same sentiment . 
  the reaction is correlated with the living standards . 
  there 's no immigrant who wants to come in estonia , yet majority of our population is in sheer panic . 
  and i 'm thinking , one day you guys going to be offended when nobody wants to come here , and then its going to be too late ( our birthrate is very low ) . 
  it 's what brings far-right and far-left together . 
  here in estonia we have putin fans on the extreme right and on the extreme left , just because he is anti-us . 
  both wings actually betraying their worldviews , just do be able to stick it to us . 
  sticking it to us is paramount nowadays , its above morality . 
  i tell you how . 
  he became a hero only for being a muslim . 
  thats how far-left agenda works . 
  inverted chauvinism its called . 
  you get special unequal treatment for being muslim or a woman or gay etc. 
  and i 'm speaking myself being from the left . 
  but i despise this type of stuff . 
  it 's betrayal of equality . 
  minsk 2 means giving back donbas/russian border under kiev control , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  thats not going to happen . 
  yup , its been long enough since that mh17 thingy . 
  i bet there are some chechens there already . 
  and we might see more perhaps in the future , mercenary type , like in ukraine . 
  in that sense kadyrov is very handy for putin . 
  i think its very slim . 
  it 's like with eastern ukraine . 
  if he wanted to do that , he would already . 
  it 's not even about want . 
  it 's about limitations . 
  russia ca n't pull that off at the moment . 
  it would be huge economical risk . 
  this kind of venture is extremely expensive . 
  do n't worry , thats not gon na happen . 
  yes , the difference is that nationalists believe they get to paradise by winning . 
  lets not forget the part where we went into iraq and killed hundreds of thousands of civilians . 
  there 's no one answer why it is like it is . 
  it 's a complex problem . 
  history shows extreme nationalism is way more bloodthirsty than any religion we 've seen . 
  well , if you go back in my history you 'll find out i am anti-immigration . 
  but my reasoning is that it will give rise to nationalism ( which has proven correct ) . 
  and the second one is that the values most of them carry are very similar to what we see in our far-right . 
  but i always stated we should accept and protect the ones that are already arrived . 
  6 months ago i was downvoted for being anti-immigration . 
  now i 'm downvoted for saying we should n't demonise refugees . 
  things have changed in / r/europe quite fast . 
  extreme nationalism kills innocent like isis . 
  i see no difference and no justification , really . 
  absolutely . 
  islam in itself is not harmful . 
  like nationalism . 
  actually i view both ideologies quite in the same category in general , both are `` faith '' based and are rather antiquated as they are exclusive ( based on tribal sentiment ) . 
  yeah , sure , islam has some philosophy in it , like any abrahamic religion , but its not what a core characteristic in my opinion . 
  people gravitate towards things that give them sense of identity - meaning sense of security , belonging and such . 
  the rest of the details of ideology like `` kill all jews '' or `` kill all non-believers '' or even `` love your neighbor '' activate depending on circumstances . 
  i disagree . 
  when trying to illustrate a map of muslims in europe , i think the grey areas are as interesting and important . 
  i know i know . 
  finland has probably more . 
  i was just joking . 
  it 's a bit bizarre they left out quite a large chunk . 
  the problem is that intelligent people are in minority . 
  things like nationalism are thing of masses , and masses work like physics . 
  i 'm way more worried about rise of far-right than refugees or terrorism or what not . 
  we can deal with terrorism and minority , but if our societies turn to nationalism , i 'm very skeptical that we will be able to sustain peace and stability . 
  there 's no difference between extreme nationalism and extreme islam . 
  breivik in utoya = isis in paris . 
  finland and baltics could n't fit on the map . 
  probably because we have no muslims we are not considered europe . 
  it is interesting how predictable societies are . 
  after major crisis there are fascist tendencies pretty much everywhere . 
  europe is suffering same problems , far-right gaining popularity almost in every country . 
  i hope we are not in some pre-ww2 pattern . 
  europe has highest living standards and is most advanced technologically and has huge population - civilisation . 
  you should watch russian propaganda on this topic , you 'd think twice , we are not exactly on same side on this . 
  no , west just lacks political will . 
  i 'm saying if world wars did n't end european civilisation , neither will syrian refugee crisis nor isis terrorism . 
  2015 is not end of rome 2.0, 
  i think the article speaks about civilisation . 
  not only . 
  i often hear far-right arguments in same category , fantasizing as if europe is rome at its peak and muslims are barbarians coming to ruin it all . 
  sure , agree .
