  by the way , if i remember correctly trump was pretty outspoken about obamas birth certificate . 
  he has toned down with that lately . 
  no , not going to win another winter war with this . 
  russia has long track record for being inventive in military field . 
  there 's good chance they can come up with pretty clever ( if not advanced ) drones . 
  looks more like a land-drone than robot . 
  still , probably the way war going to be fought in the future , guys at the office pushing buttons so that only civilians die . 
  pretty much how us is bombing me now . 
  it 's definitely lessens the sense of responsibility and dehumanises the target - which is disturbing trend , maybe a door to modern holocaust . 
  well , politicians definitely will use your fear . 
  and i 'm not much of a singer myself , i care very little about sentimental bullshit in politics . 
  but this time we have russia and turkey as the neo-imperialist with totalitarian and militaristic tendencies , with rest of europe also moving towards small totalitarian states ( without particular ambition - e.g. 
  estonia in the 30 's ) . 
  politicians realize its now or never and jump on the opportunity . 
  smells very much like 1930 's europe all over again . 
  lets hope we are not that stupid . 
  no , but we should n't panic nor feel fear , as its when we make stupid decisions ( cutting our own freedoms ) . 
   fear lies , learn to conquer it . 
  so every time government swaps they make changes in constitution ? 
  why did they have to change the law for that ? 
   the bill terminates the tenure of the current management of public tv and radio broadcasters and gives pis the right to directly appoint its own people . 
  ** it also limits the number of independent supervisory board members . 
  terrorism has declined drastically after fall of soviet union . 
  we just got too comfortable in abnormally peaceful 90 's . 
  lol . 
  how many of the syrians got the asylum . 
  and how many of the 50 are part of the 2015 quota - so called forcefully imposed by the government ? 
  as far as i know last week they found 2 potential families . 
  end of the world mate . 
  and i 'm not ignoring anything . 
  i 'm just not scared . 
  hence , realistic . 
  your geometric bs omits all the context on the ground - in other words is projected in some bizarre vacuum static world . 
  and do n't worry . 
  your pals are getting in power all over the eu and they 'll shoot the immigrants so you can sleep well . 
  we have 0 syrian immigrants . 
  do n't conflate the issues . 
  if you profess to have 0 immigration in any circumstances , then you are truly delusional . 
  country that does not import skilled workers is shit . 
  plus . 
  your math is premised on the fact that things are not going to change . 
  we had one year of mass immigration to europe and already the system is in rapid panic mode . 
  i 'd say there 's going to be maximum one more year of that kind of influx and europe is going to be shooting anyone trying to get in . 
  i think soon people will realize that nobody wants to come here and there 's going to be quite a disappointment , not relief . 
  but does n't matter anyway . 
  this is a dying nation and 1000 immigrants ca n't save it . 
  i 'm pretty certain that in few generations our government will be begging for some young immigration , but it will be too late . 
  by aggressive push you mean 0 immigrants so far . 
  i think its the isolation . 
  the more isolated people the more they are afraid . 
  for instance look at the germany . 
  east germany is far more anti-immigration than the west . 
  clearly still gdr ghost affecting the mindset . 
  estonia is in furthest periphery geographically and add to that historical dimension . 
  its self-propelling hysteria . 
  media just wants to exaggerate because thats how they earn money . 
  and politicians exaggerate because thats how they get the votes . 
  and sheeple just do what they are told to do - panic . 
  germany is one of the richest countries in the world . 
  it can deal with a million refugees . 
  even though i 'm sure russia is having serious problems with economy , the talks about imminent unrest and all that has been going on ... well , since 2008 or something . 
  putin sold the `` lets suffer together '' idea to the population after the crimea quite brilliantly . 
  plus . 
  russia has nobody alternative to replace him with . 
  i do n't see any appetite for unrest at the moment . 
  yes , things in us definitely moving in right direction ( netflix is probably the best example ) . 
  but it will take very long time till it gets sorted out globally ( places like russia will probably have to wait for a while . 
  and its even worse for small markets like estonia ) . 
  i as a creator also have to adopt the consumers needs . 
  if i adapt the shitty system where consumer ca n't get my product in any other circumstances than stealing or make official buying complicated its my fault as a provider - at least according to my worldview . 
  and like i said , i 'm conent creator and very close to the field at hand . 
  i 'm just not agreeing with the corporate system that is lagging behind the technology . 
  the refugees that are in germany are in germany , you are not going to deport them , are you ? 
  you have to make best of the situation at hand . 
  edit : lol the downvotes . 
  the wishful thinking in this sub is delusional . 
  i 'd say its opposite - rational . 
  you do n't want to leave them just hanging around , you want to educate and train them so they can put back into society asap . 
  russian military export is second largest in the world . 
  so not every industry is in bad shape . 
  i 'm not arguing about morality here . 
  my point is if they want money they have to adapt . 
  the other option is status quo with piracy - there 's no state that is capable of stopping pirating ( as is been tried for 20 years with no effect ) . 
  and i could spin your `` entitlement '' accusation around and say you are the one who feels entitled . 
  you think people have to bend over to your system and your rules how to purchace your product even tho the system has proven to be shit . 
  i 'm creator myself too . 
  you mean people will wait till game of thrones season 1 will come out on blueray ? 
  hollywood and tv have not been able to adapt to internet yet , and as long as they live in last century they will get pirated . 
  thankfully state is stupid and people will find out how to bypass the issue . 
  as long as the provider of the content is archaic and stuck behind regions the piracy will be there . 
  solutions like netflix and spotify are pretty effective against theft . 
  just get the price right and make everything available and you get some money for it . 
  he has to be pretty insecure to jail kids for saying stuff about him . 
  what a turd . 
  climate change is talked about almost daily on the news . 
  records in heat , hurricanes , flooding and droughts have been predicted some time ago . 
  not with erdogan or his regime . 
  if some day there ' going to be change back towards secularism and democracy , then why not . 
  nord stream 2 seems to be doing fine . 
  dali is good , but hieronymus bosch is far better painter in my opinion .
