  in my mind we are western culture , not christian . 
  sure we have christian background . 
  but also greek and so on , every religion and civilization we had on our path played major role . 
  but in my mind we are past christianity . 
  it 's not a dominant narrative any more . 
  christmas is about consumerism . 
  democracy is a big thing . 
  secularism is a big thing . 
  freedom , human rights , environmentalism etc. 
  these are keywords that run our culture . 
  and like i said . 
  nobody is denying christianity is what lead us here . 
  but saying that islam is a threat to `` our christian culture '' is like comparing apples and oranges . 
  islam and arab world is in very different place . 
  welcome to eastern europe , western europe . 
  :p ( in a bizarro world we were ahead of you italy - till this day i 'm surprised our government pushed it through ), 
  it fixes some peoples lives , for them its biggest thing in the world !, 
  and often good examples make way for next ones . 
  oh , and do n't be a douche . 
  agree . 
  but calling it christian culture ? 
  are we in medieval ages !, 
  not very original though . 
  every other analyst has saying it for very long time . 
  and lets not forget . 
  putin only benefits from crisis in europe , so he is happy . 
  and i would n't be surprised that he has been pulling some strings behind the curtain to help to make it worse ( we already know he is financing far-right in eu ) . 
  expect eurosceptics massive surge next elections everywhere in eu . 
  i 'm worried about anything threatening secularity , i do n't give a fuck about christianity playing higher role than any other religion . 
  suicide , really ? 
  can we avoid using this type of populist rhetorics ? 
  you think if germany lets in , lets say half a million , or even couple of million , it will `` destroy '' germany ? 
  we are following european values very closely . 
  / s http://news.yahoo.com/suspected-arson-hits-planned-refugee-shelter-near-berlin-092202913.html, 
  okay , now its official , we are into [ nordic ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150815/arson-attack-on-swedish-child-refugee-centre ), 
  this sub is slowly becoming unreadable . 
  and because of both ends of spectrum are very vocal and posting stories that try to leave an impression either that all is lost or all is fantastic . 
  illegals are murdering or illegals are already integrated . 
  both ends of spectrum missing the actual point , that europe is becoming polarized and divided , and that its the true threat . 
  political instability is what is dangerous . 
  and going along with these extreme left and right narratives is what cultivates the divide . 
  christ , i was trying to make ignorant 80 's joke . 
  kind a bombed i guess . 
  good bye schengen , i liked you . 
  you catch aids on toilets seats in pubs though . 
  or a mirror floor . 
  actually you can get a tick here just hanging around in your townhouse backyard . 
  somebody is making lots of money . 
  i agree . 
  there 's definitely going to be change in dynamics in winter - how much come , where they stay etc. 
  and clearly this camp in hungary will be gone . 
  i have no idea where though . 
  none of eu members are ready for such inflow . 
  its not like there are hundreds/thousands of state owned empty apartments available , with jobs , with schools etc. 
  it 's a clusterfuck . 
  i think we are talking about little bit more than that . 
  but its just speculation , this thread is about speculation . 
  although , europe letting anything happen is natural law , not speculation . 
  we watched genocide of muslims in balkans . 
  we sent some letters of concerns of course , and a one french guy , who promised un protection . 
  but hiding behind `` we do n't want to escalate the situation '' is very practical , should be europe 's motto . 
  i agree . 
  some countries will go to some `` unacceptable '' lengths within next 5-10 years . 
  i 'd say hungary is one potential for state violence against the immigrants . 
  no need to worry though . 
  rest of europe will just stand by doing nothing , like we always do . 
   germany has some incredible pr lately . 
  i think they are undoing it with equally incredible skill . 
  try even out the salaries first , if they want immigrants to choose to come to eastern europe that is . 
  but who cares what immigrants want , right ? 
  germany always preferred to make the camps in eastern europe . 
  just kidding , just kidding ... 
  but they did try to push on us a quota with 10x higher number than the average western eu state ( which we declined , but we are accepting the proportionate number - so i have no idea what is this talk about eastern europe not willing bla bla ) . 
  but in my opinion germany trying to make east a dumping ground . 
  while rhetorics is `` all are welcome in germany !!!, 
  winter is coming . 
  wait , i thought far-right are already in power , i thought they already took the power with maidan . 
  i 'm so confused . 
  why do you even propose this nonsense ? 
  are you 12 ? 
  i watched several other docs on the conflict . 
  i 'm not saying serbs did all the killing . 
  but milosevic was the first and main guy pushing for `` creating serbian nation '' and conquering land based on nationalist arguments . 
  i would n't blame serbians of all , like you pointed out , but i 'd say milosevic was a key figure in starting the war , yes . 
  recently watched 6 hour bbc documentary on fall of yugoslavia . 
  and the similarities between the wars is astounding . 
  and according to that film the main slaughter started when milosevic lost control over serb nationalists in bosnia . 
  i guess putin is no milo , but still . 
  also , one thing i took away from the film is that europe knew about the genocide , did nothing , only repeated that dialogue has to begin , hid behind impotent un . 
  only when us said , enough is enough and started bombing serbs in bosnia the massacres were stopped . 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe you are right . 
  i 'm not worried about immigrants per se . 
  the numbers are never going to reach high . 
  as i do think eu will react at some point , as it is always slow machine , with massive inertia . 
  but if far-right will start to take hold , that is the point when i 'm leaving this ship . 
  but we have a choice right now . 
  do we want people who hold appalling views into our society or not . 
  i 'm talking about at least trying to do something to stop them from crossing . 
  we have enough of right wingers , do we want more , and do we want to add muslims into that ?
