  but i have very little trust that they are able to do anything with that much info . 
  people who are not important ( like me and you ) will stay irrelevant , and people who are important , they are going to be spied on anyway . 
  so , that email thingy does n't seem to change much . 
  comparing it to holocaust though , really ? 
  i have zizeks stance on it . 
  let them read . 
  maybe they 'll get smarter . 
  yeah , except reactions differ . 
  there was quite a storm when news broke out of us spying on germany . 
  it is pretty quiet today . 
  do n't worry , nobody gives a shit about your emails . 
  actually sometimes they are funny . 
  i tried to post a sputniknews article here , just because it was so retarded . 
  i doubt boy scouts are ideological nor meant to brainwash kids into supporting particular president or party . 
  but let 's not pretend that `` russian schoolchildren movement '' does n't have a function imposed by ruling party . 
  i guess separate question is are they going to be successful in it . 
  looking at putins track record , he is pretty good at manipulation . 
  no facebook account . 
   the confidence by which these assessments of terror methodology are being made raises an even more troubling , darker question : was it really terrorists , or was it british mi6 agents palming the deed off as terrorists ? 
  that 'd be nice . 
  i do n't know why you get downvoted for legit idea . 
  reddit is weird sometimes . 
  agree . 
   why would you demand for a left wing politician to be poor ? 
  i just find it hypocritical if politician thinks that in communist state his job should have higher income than say highschool teacher . 
  in ussr if you wanted to live luxurious and privileged life you had to start by joining the communist party . 
  it 's a sham . 
  i agree that there might be some sort of revolution coming if inequality keeps growing , which it probably will . 
  but in my opinion major problem is that nobody really believes in anything . 
  at least last century people sincerely believed in communism . 
  maybe we will see something similar to occupy wall street , without any consistent agenda nor ideology . 
  you got ta be pretty naive if you believe that communists actually fight the 1 % . 
  go anywhere or anytime in point in history , all communist regimes have been very unequal in terms of wealth . 
  and even now , look at the socialist leaders in greece or france or wherever , they are all rich white 1 % . 
  e : and by the way , i 'm not against the idea of communism per se . 
  i just think it is dead . 
  we tried it , so many times , its a pipedream , its incompatible with human nature , unfortunately . 
  there are only parts of socialism that work . 
  you are very much spot on in my opinion . 
  not yet , its going to be complete when he actually gets the money . 
  i doubt it was anything specific , as everyone was flying to egypt . 
  seems like the spin is coming , its wests fault !, 
  it has nothing to do with putin sending bombers to syria . 
  i think you hit the nail . 
  it 's probably about who has most media exposure on international level . 
  that 's why merkel and pope is up there too . 
  although putin is probably on the top . 
  he has the country and he has the nukes . 
  pretty much any dictator with the nukes should be on top . 
  i tolerate church saying no too . 
  law on the other hand is a secular issue . 
  church is and should stay just as an optional ritual . 
  in other words , church is irrelevant when we speak about same-sex marriage rights . 
  even though i agree that vast majority of muslims are just people like us who want to get by and live good life . 
  but ** islamists ** perfectly decent for the most part ? 
  really ? 
  probably the other way around , for the most part they are nuts who do n't care about human equality and support violence to achieve their shitty sharia or whatnot . 
  even though i agree with your first part , left is definitely hypocritical , the right is equally ludicrous on muslim issue like u/mos _ fet pointed out , both sides are pretty much eachothers reflection . 
  when it comes to gay marriage , you being opposed while `` not hating '' gays . 
  yeah sure but ... it 's as if i said i 'm against black people getting married , i do n't hate them though . 
  it 's just in my worldview the marriage is only for white people . 
  i hope you are right . 
  still pretty major fail `` pr '' wise , i 'm pretty sure its going to be universally laughed over . 
  i just ca n't see any sensible reason to pursue this . 
  edit : it seems that on our side its a proposition from minister of justice ( who is a bit of a rightwing nut , our mccain ) , without consulting foreign ministry nor parliament . 
  already controversial step locally , so i hope it 'll go to toilet ( russia of course will have a propaganda orgy nevertheless , but if we give them material so easily we kind of deserve the punishment , hopefully it 'll teach our fools ) . 
  even though i 'm all for condemnation of soviet occupation and ballsy policy against putin ( i do n't buy the sleeping bear argument for a second ) , this particular move is plain stupid waste of time . 
  do n't we have actual issues to put energy in than this circus ? 
  facepalm 100 times . 
  let 's work * now * and create wealth for ourselves by ourselves , not rely on some handouts from the past . 
  what a shame . 
   whatever happens , it will be presented one way to the west and another way to putin 's public . 
  i 'm very much agreeing on that . 
  i think it will be two opposites . 
  to west putin will show how tolerant he is to gays , and to russia it will be shown that elton is there as a friend and he is `` approving '' putins policies . 
  this is going to be interesting how media will portray the meeting . 
  are they going to omit the gay rights topics , as gay propaganda ( talking about gay rights publicly ) is against the law if i 'm not mistaken . 
  did n't madonna get in trouble or something ? 
  one thing is certain , putin will spin it with remarkable talent . 
  i 'm talking about a wider picture here , not the 2008 war . 
  the creeping occupation is something that is happening since the war . 
  it 's what you do in between . 
  sanctions is good message . 
  our vote influences our foreign policy too . 
  should we accept russias imperialism or not is what we have been arguing about here . 
  the facts were in plain sight ( separatists admitted in first minutes they shot it down - plus everything that followed could n't more clear of russias involvement ) , there was no necessity to wait a year , investigation was just a formality . 
  but , its been digested everywhere more than enough , lets just agree to disagree . 
  well , you seemed to be pissed about denmarks politician who sees snowden as a criminal , do you have any influence there , no . 
  `` snowden is treated unjustly . 
  it 's the reality , he became a problem for us authorities , he will rot in exile , deal with it '' is supposed to be your attitude . 
  its not conspiracy if its true . 
  pretty much everyone saw it was russias mistake from day one . 
  well , maybe not you i guess . 
  i do n't know why the downvotes . 
  it is very relevant question , there 's clearly a worry on putins behalf for it to be actually work of isis . 
  is west blaming putin now ? 
  they say its isis . 
  you missed the point of the op . 
  russia is inconsistent - meaning hypocritical . 
  your post actually shows that at least west is pointing to the direction they believe - in other words being honest , while russia is playing politics even if one of their own planes get blown out .
