  yes but its also about principle . 
  if you are in alliance you got ta put in what you promised . 
  and hopefully others will notice . 
  probably even safer place , 
  such a shame . 
  this definitely reminds of history around ww2 where west abandoned the eastern parts . 
  i hope we can create some kind of eastern european alliance . 
  as alone we stand no chance . 
  estonia is 100 times smaller than russia and they seem love to bully tiny neighbors . 
  germany is the key in security of eastern europe but i 'm starting to doubt in them more and more . 
  when shit really hits the fan i would n't be surprised if they will try to wiggle themselves out of the article 5 . 
  us is perhaps the only one we can somewhat rely on . 
  the whole new russian thing is really fucked and its bummer to live here for next 20 or so years . 
  thanks life . 
  sell that food at lower price to the countries from where the most refugees come . 
  it would be a start to a solving immigration problem , help them at their home not in europe . 
  1st ~ ~ world ~ ~ place problems . 
  3 ... . .2 ... ... 1 ... . . / u/magadget - `` but where is the proof ??!?!? '', 
  like i said , there is shitload of evidence . 
  and now you have one of separatists leaders admitting on video and you are still not happy . 
  i 'm guessing you are waiting for supreme leader putin eventually admitting it , this is the only proof you accept . 
   everything russia say is a lie . 
  everything ukraine say is true . 
  i would n't trust ukraines media either . 
  but there is plenty of quality journalism in west . 
  i was actually about to post a comment here that we will see a troll here asking for proof . 
  but i thought its a stretch and no-one is that crazy until i saw your comment and i do n't know whether to think that you are an imbecile or you think that we are imbeciles . 
  there are tons , a tons of proof that links russia deeply to this conflict - photos , videos , recordings , satellite images , interviews with the heads of separatists admitting russias involvement , crimea precedent etc etc etc etc. . . throughout the whole time there has been constant flow of information confirming that . 
  i do n't know if your brain is not capable basic analysis on reality or you are just a troll . 
  if latter then you got me , i 'm responding to your idiocy . 
  oh , and i 'm sorry for not conducting myself very proper . 
  but i have slight hangover and the stupid trolling in here getting old . 
  it is reasonable not to trust any russian journalist , yes . 
  we in the west have different experience . 
  hence i understand you are projecting , but its okay , nobody is trying to convince you anyway . 
  probably hard to grasp for average russian the notion ot reliable journalist . 
  moral of the story : listen to your parents . 
  i think world is too divided for ww3 . 
  im saying that unless russia wont modernize its methods the eurasian project is going to be just another ussr destined to fail . 
  russia has to get its shit together and actually start producing , it has to become like germany but better to be able to create sustainable hegemony or whatever you want to call it . 
  ussr was a joke 20 years behind the west . 
  no-one in eastern-europe is going to fall for this shit again unless russia will genocide the hell out of everybody . 
  biggest irony is that russia managed to alienate even its closest slavic brothers . 
  eurasian project got postponed for 20 years by annexing crimea alone , not to talk about the ussr baggage that would be a challenge almost impossible to overcome even for the best ones . 
   unlike the eu this union would be dominated by russia , even more so than the soviet union . 
  ouch , that probably slipped out ... so this eurasian project is just an imperialist project ? 
  its not an union , just a means for russia to get back to ussr ( or like you said , even more dominating than ussr ) ? 
  and do you ever wonder why people who live close to russia do n't like russia ? 
  by the way . 
  this project wont work , like ussr did n't work . 
  instead of imposing that crap on others with force , russia would have much better chance of expanding by being attractive , more attractive than eu . 
  but of course that means hardship and cleaning itself up . 
  and russia tried it in the 90 's , did n't work out well . 
   russia is also it 's own boss hmm . . did n't russia belong to eurasia or something ? 
  supposedly analogue project to eu . 
   or as they say , they have some lightly loaded trucks in case they 'll need to redistribute load from broken ones . 
  such a fantastical bullocks its offensive . 
  do you see in any other part of the world where they use trucks as a means of transportation of goods to have empty truck as an escort for every full one ? 
  like wtf ? 
  they ca n't get a bunch of trucks in average condition for this `` humanitarian '' task ? 
  russia did not produce nor purchased any trucks after 1952 ? 
  sometimes the dissonance is mind boggling . 
  in one sentence they claim russia is superpower while in the next they defend some point with the fact that russia has no trucks that can go longer than 1000km without breaking . 
  edit : wrong quote, 
  eu will not go down , it would be a bump , yes . 
  it would be bad in short term but it would be good in long term . 
  politics work mostly on the short term though . 
  problem is that the weak sanctions they 've been implementing has not been working . 
  putin is still doing his salami tactics and non of the eu soft reaction has had any effect on him . 
  if we just keep doing the same old thing putin will just keep going further and further and when will he stop ? 
  at the border of germany ? 
  you probably mean this tweet ? 
   nb i do n't think this was `` the invasion '' proper . 
  this is probably what has been happening for a while . 
  extraordinary to see it though . 
  which is perhaps just a difference of definition of invasion , not `` jumping to conclusions '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure russia would consider it invasion if few us m1 abrams cross the border here and there to kill russian soldiers . 
  heck , russia would consider few nato tanks on ukraine soil an invasion . 
   as are sanctions . 
  do you really think a man like putin will be encouraged to see the errors of his way by sanctions ? 
  sanctions will not have immediate effect , i agree . 
  i think eu should have sent peacekeeping forces in on the first day they shot mh17 down . 
  that was the window and the opportunity to solve the issue . 
  putin was on his knees for couple of days and would have accepted the defeat , as it was huge mistake on his part . 
  now the game is past that turn and putin is again ahead of eu in every step . 
  nobody wants a war . 
  putin is the last one who would want it with eu . 
  it 's a chicken game and angela keeps chickening out . 
   sanctions just help the us because they have nothing to lose in this conflict . 
  anyone that thinks that * sanctions * will force putin on his knees is delusional . 
  i actually kind of agree with the first sentence . 
  but . 
  i would add to the second one : anyone that thinks that * talking * will force putin on his knees is delusional . 
  usually when i do something and fail in it 100 times i try some other approach . 
  merkel seems to be stuck in some weird own made rule loop . 
  i 100 % agree with her idea of peaceful and stable europe . 
  but you have to differentiate a pet from a beast and talking to a latter is not a way to stop it from eating your face . 
  there are plenty of germans who suffered because of hitler . 
  germans do n't try to make themselves a victims because of that . 
  lot of people suffer because of putin too in russia .
