  like lithuanian president stated today , putin has taken the leadership in europe . 
  one was just severely beaten in moscow if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i do n't remember if she was a journalist or a producer of small tv channel . 
  they were fishing for aggressive species called phoberomys telicomys also known as pro-russian . 
  in russia they are widely considered a delicacy , but in many other countries they are seen as pests . 
   former maybe its some weird tactics russia uses . 
  that strelkin guy running things in eastern ukraine was also recently `` retired '' from gru ( in 2013 or something ) . 
  perhaps this way if they get caught they appear to be just civilians abroad ? 
  true . 
  but at least someone at top saying that . 
  most of the eu state heads are silent . 
   is this comment relevant somehow ? 
  only in a sense that this is going to be the price of helping a lot of people . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i think its worth the price . 
  i just do n't see why people act surprised . 
  this whole terrorist thingy is way overblown in my mind anyway . 
  there are beheadings every day in central and south america . 
  you get one european or american killed we send whole armies to middle east to bomb heaps of defenseless countries . 
  i 'm not trying to belittle the act of murder . 
  but we have much more deaths in car accidents due to reckless driving . 
  anyway , just ranting here . 
  put those isis supporters in jail and lets move on with our life . 
  meanwhile in sweden - accepting everyone from syria . 
  one day i 'll ride up to the most northern corner . 
  i 'm pretty a-social and it looks like there is a paradise . 
  and if done in the summer , daylight 24/7 - or something like that , i do n't know . 
  pretty much same statement was done in sweden . 
  spy and recruiting activity has gone up . 
  i read it in estonian newspaper . 
  i do n't know , maybe someone from sweden can back me up on this . 
  it just feels very targeted and by now repetitive . 
  i hope its not part of russia 's salami crap where it hopes to find out the red line for nato . 
  edit : i wonder if we in the baltics would retaliate and capture a few fishermen or border guards claiming they were spying or whatever , how would russia respond ? 
  alcohol is the new obesity ? 
  russia , you are not able to go one week without being retarded . 
   i said russia has a democracy . 
  if russia ran according to it 's rule of law it would be a pretty decent country . 
  well that is rather obscure way of looking at things . 
  i bet on the paper north korea has a great constitution . 
  jailing opposition , controlling media , killing journalists , oppressing critics , its not democracy by any definition . 
  plus corruption , which you already mentioned . 
  i do n't know how is us relevant in this . 
  by any standards us is not a beacon for democracy , everyone kind of know it . 
  except putins apologists it seems . 
  your inherent mistake is you consider russia a system like us or eu , or ussr . 
  modern russia is not a system , its a dictatorship . 
  there 's no cycle of presidency nor governments . 
  putins main focus is to avoid being overthrown by people or powerful opponents who want peace of the pie . 
  hence most of his time and effort goes to constant internal fight . 
  even the external things like ukraine and crimea is purely for internal consumption and struggle . 
  the geopolitics is just a dressing . 
  is this classical `` progressive '' area vs. `` conservative '' ? 
  it looks like no is mostly in the countryside . 
  from russias perspective it is another interesting social experiment . 
  how much europe is willing to reach out or omit certain things , how will it interpret its own state of things . 
  for instance , european parliament says release estonian citizen not eu citizen . 
  it 's still not `` one of us '' but rather every nation is seen as separate . 
  and that can be pretty crucial if putin plans to explore little further or not . 
  yes thats true , i should have phrased it differently , something in the line of `` russia as it is today '' . 
  there is a chance nato would retaliate and russia would split into pieces , as it is already showing some cracks . 
  west would probably prefer that and would give it a `` push '' . 
  because it is funny how putin just seems to claim these things quite casually . 
  totally ignoring the consequences . 
  yes , russia could invade 4 nato countries . 
  but in reality , could they really ? 
  can you really call it an invasion if on the 3rd day theres not much left of your army . 
  well , few months ago he was saying he does not intend to invade eastern ukraine either ( even if he had the every opportunity ) . 
  i 'm quite curious if russia will threaten to publish the talks . 
  because i 'm sure poroshenko is also quite conscious about the barroso case , so we can assume he would n't bring that up . 
  so i guess we 'll know if it was true or not based on wether russia will threaten to publish the call or not . 
  i totally agree with his judgement . 
  people tend to misinterpret russia back to some soviet time big narrative and to modern big powers were they have some geo-political interests . 
  i believe putin 's motifs can be boiled down to exactly to :  he says the `` demise of hussein , mubarak and gaddafi '' and the flight of ukraine 's leader viktor yanukovych spooked putin , and prompted his seizure of crimea in the spring and attack on eastern ukraine . 
   `` the instinct of self-preservation kicked in immediately . 
  the formula for saving any dictatorship is universal : create an enemy ; start a war . 
  the state of war is the regime 's elixir of life , '' the writer says . 
  and this is just very nicely painted picture :  `` when putin tells blatant lies in the face of western politicians , he then watches their reaction with vivid interest and not without pleasure , enjoying their confusion and helplessness . 
  he wants kiev to return on its knees , like a prodigal son , to the fatherly embrace of the empire . 
  he is sure that europe will boil with indignation , but eventually calm down , abandoning ukraine to brotherly rape , '' he writes . 
   he ca n't be that delusional . 
  even if he could get troops there in 2 days . 
  i hope he is not dismissing the fact that it would lead to high probability of the end of his reign , and maybe russia altogether , and maybe world ... 
   in addition , billions of people believe in existence of long bearded imaginary friends . 
  so true . 
  i think globally it was 95 % or something . 
  well , since europe seems to be going back to 20th century it would be only appropriate . 
  edit : / s !, 
  watching vice dispatches since the beginning of crimea it was clear pattern , whenever russians showed up journalists were the first ones to get the beating . 
   holy shit , europe is not what it used to be that part of europe has always been like that . 
  this is not some shake down for common people . 
  its to create even more centralized wealth and power around 1 person !, 
  we are not talking about some percentage , this is one person . 
   nice to see at least they at least target the 0.01 % . 
  are you serious ? 
   make it so that the only division that matters is the one between people who break the law , and people who abide by law i absolutely agree with that . 
  but . 
  i think it is much harder to tackle this specific problem without addressing entire group - because its a social problem , not just something on the paper . 
  the mentality is cultivated between friends , families and generations . 
  and we should encourage the `` good '' ones to stand against pigotism within their culture by reminding that it is not okay to be racist in europe .
