  it 's funny that europe as brussels is one of the most vocal advocates of alternative energy , renewables etc. 
  very optimistically imposes it on the whole region , and morally tries to lead the world . 
  but when it comes to gas from russia then all of the sudden the pessimism hits in . 
  in crisis there 's always those marginals who are most vocal and media loves to focus on them , making them more important than they really are . 
  i think not only those extreme right guys are to blame for destabilization , its modern media who is after cheap attention . 
  we had similar situation here in estonia on 2007 , when tensions escalated regarding soviet monument . 
  there was one far-right dude , pretty much lone idiot , who `` promised '' to blow up the statue , media jumped on it and it was one tangible breaking point for riots . 
  i freaking hate that part of modernity , we have no capability or filters to judge the information as society , media feeds on our emotion rather than rationality , its a shame . 
  i think ukrainians are not the only ones right now who are predicting russias invasion . 
  what . 
  20 % -30 % of russian speakers justifies invasion ? 
  wow !, 
  as an estonian where 25 % of population is russian speaking ... we are fucked !, 
  and i wonder how that works as democratic . 
  70 % -80 % of ukrainians going to have to move or ... ? 
  well put . 
  yes , lets just tiptoe away from the issue and hope it will disappear . 
  if as a mod you delete the opinion you disagree with , then theres a problem . 
  there has been a lot of talk about it . 
  for 20 years actually , unfortunately its been only talk . 
  and i think most estonians agree that we should do a decent russian tv programmes and even russian tv stations . 
  but stupid politics get in the way , in the sense that not always most sensible stuff gets prioritized . 
  i guess like in any part of the world . 
  but i do disagree with you on one point tho . 
  i think they should still learn the language , if they want to function normally or have better edge as a citizen . 
  it is natural in the whole world that you should know local language . 
  especially when we take into consideration that estonian language is dying language hence the government is perhaps more precious with it than it would be with bigger population . 
  plus putins personal ambitions . 
  he is not going to live forever , so he has to act now or soon . 
  yes but it does n't fix the problem . 
  the problem is that russia uses the energy dependency to manipulate/blackmail . 
  eu would be much better off it the gas would come from an ally or a neutral country . 
  you can speak whatever language you want here . 
  i guess in the same way it is in uk where most companies are obviously english , so if you start speaking there in russian its not going to be effective . 
  but we also have companies with mostly russians for instance and people speak russian . 
  just common sense stuff ... 
  respected is not really a right word . 
  maybe when stalin ruled , the fear was so huge that there was respect . 
  but after that it was more like a north korea , no-one wanted to mess with it and at the same time there was something comedic about the leaders and the way things was running . 
  everybody knew that behind the facade of grandeur was a rather trivial and poor world . 
  most of the russians here are imported by stalin for ethnic cleaning purposes , to dilute the nationality and the opposition - this is one of the ways to keep control of the country after you occupy it . 
  there are ofcourse older russian families here ( mine included ) but the numbers are small . 
  putin might test the waters that way . 
  he has nothing to lose . 
  if nato rushes to help , he will lose few unmarked guys . 
  and just denies involvement . 
  if no help from nato then win-win . 
  in my opinion , it all comes down to whether nato is willing to intervene because of estonia . 
  he managed to grab land twice now , with pretty much no consequences . 
  this will lead only to want more . 
  something like that . 
  the whole point of having nato troops here is that russia will never attack . 
  sooo ... troops = neverattack ; notroops = maybeattack . 
  quite simple really . 
  i agree . 
  they tested the scheme in crimea already . 
  invading soldiers will take off the markings and pretend they are local russians . 
  eastern part of estonia declares referendum and things go smoothly from there . 
  nato , eu , everybody knows its actually russian soldiers , but since comfort zone is strong no-one in the west really does anything and go along pretending that these guys are local russians . 
  putin created really perfect tool for western countries not to get involved . 
  this was fascinating read . 
  clearly , without them ( russian soldiers ) there would be no dnr . 
   did you fight together with the militia ? 
  did you have the same tasks ? 
  they were just ... they take a line , and when you have to go on to finish off the enemy , the militia just wo n't go . 
  they say : `` we wo n't go there , it 's dangerous '' . 
  and what was striking is the actual power and size they were going in . 
   there were 31 tanks in the battalion . 
  we went in company by company . 
  ten tanks in each company . 
  each 10 tanks got three bmps , a medical mtlb and 5 ural trucks with ammo . 
  this is the composition of a company tactical group . 
  there are about 120 men in a tank battalion -- three tank companies , a supply platoon and a communication platoon . 
  and infantry , naturally . 
  about 300 went in . 
  all from ulan-ude, 
  the irony is that even his face is like a potato . 
  why bother , dear pm . 
  us is an ally , russia is waging war against west . 
  and in general , best thing is to have options . 
  not dependencies . 
  master chess player ... nuff said . 
  you can do pretty much anything in russian language here . 
  ( taxes , pensions , banking etc etc ) i do n't know where u/onetwodash takes his info from . 
  if we look at the top candidates overall , it was something in line of 1 . savisaar 2 . r\u00f5ivas 3 . toom 4 . k\u00f5lvart . 
  so i imagine as soon as savisaar retires ( which might happen in next 4 years ) the huge amount of his votes will go to toom and k\u00f5lvart . 
  so i would n't write off keskerakond just yet . 
  although i doubt that toom and k\u00f5lvart are as good at running the party . 
  i would n't be surprise if one day we 'll see a new russian party , a conservative wing to appear . 
  toom was supportive of putins endeavors in ukraine , which is a no-no in my view . 
  i listened to his speech tonight . 
  and i 'm skeptical if he is able to drag himself into next elections . 
  and the next 2 most popular candidates ( toom and k\u00f5lvart ) scare me even more ( especially toom ) . 
  although the only hope is that keskerakond will crumble without savisaar , hence these two will not be able to get so much popularity in the future . 
  nope , reform wont play with centre . 
  nobody would i think at this stage . 
  main characters in that party are putins apologists , and its not very popular stance for majority . 
   the reform party is not really that liberal !, 
  they were liberal in the 90s and early 00s , but not after mid 00s . 
  they pushed through very controversial same-sex unions .
