  unless you want to compare russia with nigeria or something . 
   they are in every sense nicer in every sense than pretty much any country used to be during almost all of history , except recent decades . 
  this sentence is bit hard to understand . 
  but even if we are discussing recent history . 
  then europe has been quite peaceful . 
  and they have democracy , human rights and freedoms in somewhat better condition than in russia . 
  yeah , soviet union was a peach . 
  my grandma ca n't choose which part she loved more , the part where most of her relatives were shot , because you know , they owned farms , f * cking fascists ... or the part where she had a long holiday in siberia . 
   they are in every sense nicer in every sense than pretty much any country used to be during almost all of history , except recent decades . 
  wow man , just wow . 
  if hitler is nice , then yeah , i guess . 
   the best way to escalate a war is to have countries defend other countries instead of countries defending themselves . 
  yeah . 
  for russia `` allies '' are pain in the butt . 
  russia wants a world where everything is `` free for all '' so it can squash its smaller neighbors . 
  and with its nukes russia is safe from being invaded by a big one . 
  i see your point . 
   because the best way to make people like you is if you fight them . 
  cool way to keep peace . 
  nope . 
  i think russia is not ready to be like `` us '' . 
  west gave them the opportunity to do business and prosper , but russia is taking some crazy last century nationalistic rote . 
  they do n't want to be like `` us '' . 
  and if russia keeps breaking the rules , how many times west has to appease ? 
  forever ? 
  what you mean escalating situation ? 
  russia has invaded a country here . 
  this is such a weird approach you are taking . 
  it 's almost as you have a burglar in the house and you let him steal everything because you do n't want escalate . 
  if there is no consequences to such behavior then it most likely wont stop , you realize that ? 
   if you isolate a country you are just going to support it more . 
  the point of isolating it would be to protect west and to weaken russia , so it would have less ambitions regarding expansions . 
  west was okay living next to iron curtain for quite a while . 
  more than okay , west was flourishing . 
  and russia lost eventually . 
   i wish . 
  unfortunately the crimea crisis pretty much destroyed years of trying to build a good relationship . 
  i think you missed his/her joke . 
   i 'm standing in the line of sensible politics in europe without risking a war . 
  something americans are clearly not very concerned about because all their war games play so far from home . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i 'm glad that americans are coming up with some action in this case . 
  eu has been ridiculously weak in this conflict . 
  everyone wants peace . 
  but you can not just sit by and watch a huge country bully smaller neighbors . 
  russia got away with it first time in 2008 . 
  then second time with crimea . 
  someone needs to stop this . 
  eu could do that , but we lack unity and institutions . 
  us is our only hope at the moment . 
  this guy is crazy to stay in ukraine . 
  but definitely really good story overall , beginning from crimea . 
  what i noticed , a pattern from the beginning , is that whenever russians show up the journalists are the first to get abused . 
   the russian counter-point would be that nato and america did just that with kosovo in ' 99 . 
  this is such a bs argument . 
  kosovo is not part of us . 
   ` libertarian ' in the us means ultra right-wing . 
  maybe when it comes to economy . 
  but right-wing means conservative . 
  libertarians are not that . 
  but its another topic i guess , as i did n't get it that you were joking , 
  but are we talking about what * you * think far-right is or what wider public thinks . 
  because according to wiki thats what its usually associated with . 
  wiki is no proof but its probably a fair indicator and if people in portugal associate far-right with fascism i do n't see the reason why would anyone need to redefine the terms . 
  do n't we have a notion of libertarian for personal liberty and free market etc ? 
  where ? 
  i read the report , it does n't say military mission . 
   this is not the actual osce mission , but a ** military mission ** of osce member states with all respect , i think you are trying to have clever word play here . 
  because , it is not a military mission . 
   roughly 70 % of our press are according to studies aligned with leftist parties hmm , it is a bit tough one . 
  depends what it mean aligned . 
  are they controlled or you can sense in their writings their leanings ? 
   their job is to tell the story from as many angles as possible . 
  if the information is provided to them from one perspective only they are to dig or find a source that tells the other side of the story . 
  i do n't know if i agree with that . 
  i think you are mixing here to things into one . 
  all journalists are biased in their values . 
  and i think they can be critical of the thing that goes against their values ( journalist does not have to defend or reflect the side of the rapist for instance if its against his/her moral belief ) . 
  perhaps you are just hoping that sweden would have more right leaning journalists . 
  but this is a separate matter . 
  edit : added gender, 
   you and anyone that does n't agree with the opinion is as free to debate the issue . 
  i agree with you on that . 
  the fact that you have to censor anything is a sign of weakness . 
  but on the other hand , lets not be naive or bit too idealistic here . 
  europe has its history with radical racism and in this historical context some of the censorship might be justified . 
  it 's like treating alcoholism . 
  in a perfect world of course it would be great if alcoholic could say `` enough '' after few glasses of wine , but in reality it does n't work . 
  it 's a poor example , but i want to express my idea of the fact that you might need special measures in some cases . 
  america in that sense is much better place , you can really express much wider spectrum of opinions . 
  but lets not fool ourselves , they too have their historical context and there are limits when it comes to for instance african americans . 
  well , opinions themselves are not illegal . 
  i guess saying some of them out loud is . 
  like for instance `` i want all jews to go away '' creates a fear of if too many people start saying it it will at some point reflect in politics . 
  after all hitler was democratically elected . 
   being far-right is still a big fucking taboo in a society that mainly associates it with fascism . 
  well , being far-right is sort of definition of being a fascist , no ? 
   the press in sweden might be free but it 's very tainted by leftwing journalists and then we should ask the question how objective they are . 
  so , you mean right wing ideas are somehow hindered by the state or ? 
  because this bias thingy is a bit tricky thing to tackle .
