  he does n't care about russia . 
  he cares about himself and his image . 
  that does n't exclude doing good things for russia though . 
  but usually this type of dictatorships run into the ground . 
  putin can keep the country stable . 
  but he doesnt have a system for change of leadership . 
  and he knows it , and the change of power after putin will be very dangerous times for russia . 
  in that sense putin only cares about himself . 
  if he would care for russia he would create a country with sustainable governance . 
  i agree , russia can choose its path whatever it is , dont really care what they do to themselves there . 
  but . 
  that as long as they stop attacking neighbors and expanding their borders . 
  putins neo-imperialist policy will sooner or later lead to massive conflict and unstable eastern europe , maybe war with nato . 
  huge chunk of eastern europe is already at war with russia , and we are yet to see what political consequences it will bring in the long run . 
  haha . 
  they are not even trying anymore . 
  what drug page is it ? 
  kind of raising my interest now . 
  stay away from tea in general would be good strategy for survival for him . 
  soviets killed owners - farm , land , business etc. 
  plus more educated people who might become an issue politically . 
  i think nowadays we call it more or less a upper and middle class . 
  of course they also had ethnic cleansing in mind ( deportations and russian migration to replace deported ethnic population ) . 
  but it just was n't so obvious as with hitler , who screamed about it all the time . 
  russians said one thing and did something entirely different . 
  not much has changed in their tactics ( putins tactics ) . 
  to find out what his foreign policy is you have to follow his actions , not words . 
  so , killing off entire `` class '' is somehow lesser crime ? 
  what did you expect , film criticism and cookbooks ? 
  war is going on their land . 
  that is one way to look at it . 
  i for instance am not of this `` school of thought '' . 
  i think when jailing people there is element of humanity that is lacking in only `` rehab '' approach . 
  victims , people related to victims and society in general has innate human trait called sense of justice . 
  i think its almost dystopian or utopian to ignore that human emotion by not jailing or `` punishing '' criminals . 
  i think much better solution is to address both issues , justice and rehab . 
  i 'd say the priority would be to satisfy the victim ( s ) , and only after that the criminal ( s ) . 
  half of my family is russian . 
  so please , cry me a river . 
  if there is people who are aggressive towards every russian then i ca n't help them , there 's always been ignorant people and it will stay that way forever . 
  do you wish is to censor behind pc anything bad said about foreign policy of russian ruler because using word russia is too sweeping ? 
  should we always write long definitions of who we are talking about , or should it be obvious for people with more than 2 braincells , because its quite obvious to me when we speak of occupation in georgia , we are not speaking about a grandpa in siberia . 
  he probably meant russia , but yes , he is going to trial in ukraine if i 'm not mistaken . 
  okay . 
   dark background : vladimir has beaten to death a man in a road rage incident , escaped to french foreign legion to avoid punishment . 
  seems like a nice guy . 
  but i do n't think extradition is possible and should not be the solution . 
  jail , he needs jail time , longer the better , as clearly he is some sort of psychopath . 
  but more importantly we have to be quite resolute with `` green men '' , as it will work primarily as a message for next adventurers . 
   they could just do a proper background check and not accept the mentally challenged instead if by mentally challenged you mean poorly educated yet holding relatively radical religious and cultural views , then its going to be tricky one . 
  i agree , lets find out who voted for putin . 
  seems like you see me as inferior who does n't have critical thinking . 
  difference is , that i do n't mind that you think that way , because i kind of do n't care , its the internet . 
  god bless you . 
  volunteering to fight russian propaganda while your country is attacked is not necessarily fanaticism , but i see what you mean . 
  what is russophobia ? 
  negative reaction to this type of behavior ? 
  to occupying territory in 21st century ? 
  i think we should definitely criticize russia as it is one of the softest ways to deal with putins aggression . 
  clearly this guy lives in 20th century and population is supporting his idiotic and dangerous behavior . 
  and then so many russians and pro-russians in this sub wonder why so much criticism against russia lately , its all unfair , its russophobia and propaganda . 
  the conflict has been going for ages . 
  theres so much stuff out i wouldnt even know where to begin . 
  if its not convincing you then laadidaa , nobody cares mate , keep it up . 
  because everything pointing at seps/russia . 
  its just too tiering to keep posting all the links , do your own search , plenty of evidence been posted here and r/ukraineconflict . 
  i care very little about propaganda . 
  which in most cases is just bashing . 
  this sub for instance has so many articles just bashing russia ( e.g. 
  imminent collapse of economy , imminent collapse of russia like ussr etc. ), 
  i find this type of articles extremely useless and view them as noise . 
  i want to know the truth . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i 'm not pro-russia or more precise , i 'm very much anti- russian foreign policy ( i guess putins line of policy ) . 
  so , to analyse and predict in my own mind what is going to happen next , i want to know the facts . 
  so i do appreciate your long comment . 
  not that i instantly view it as filled with facts , its anonymous internet after all , but i will take it in consideration for future reading . 
  first of all , thanks for detail answer . 
  but i have to address the ending of your comment . 
  if you accuse others of being biased and to certain degree live in propaganda bubble you right away have to admit that you yourself are in same circumstance ( or else you assume you are somehow above others which is laughable standpoint ) therefore it undermines truthfulness of your own comment . 
  just saying . 
  in regards to why i have problems seeing the economies on equal level is mostly due to my ignorance of economy in general . 
  i view the whole thingy quite simplistically , and that not only by what i see in my shops , but what i see in shops all around the world . 
  germany produces huge amount of globally successful brands while russia almost none . 
  but i guess your answer was that russia covers that part with oil export . 
  explain me like i 'm 5 . 
  because its pretty hard for me to imagine why and how is russia bigger economy than germany . 
  disintegration of nato is not about countries people are unable to point on the map , its about the ones people can point on the map . 
  if you dont protect small member you lose credibility protecting big member . 
  and us needs its strong allies in regards to actual superpower challenges on horizon ( china ) . 
  putin himself suggested readiness of nuking after crimea annexation , nobody has to help him with that . 
  i thought it was the size of italy or spain . 
  so pre-ussr russian empire is the correct borders we are supposed to use as a guide , not what was before that nor after it ? 
  how convenient . 
  not only anti-eu but also an imperialistic mindset that should belong to history . 
  although not surprised that some older folks still carry it in them . 
  bit naive , but okay . 
  well , i 'm anti- almost any mass ideology . 
  i think people who seek for religion or nationalism etc. 
  are weak  so dont look at me . 
  i just believe that the driving circumstances for violence rise from something other than some book full of stupid ideas .
