  have some russian experience , you 'll come back with tail between your legs waving us flag . 
  true . 
  but i do n't think its good comparison really . 
  it would be better comparison if uk would have annexed part of syria just few months prior with unmarked soldiers and deny the soldiers being there while in process of annexing . 
  for uks government syria is nothing like ukraine is for putin . 
  only for a fraction of uks citizens syria has importance ( great opportunity to have their jihad career or whatever ) . 
  ukraine on the other hand is key element in putins eurasia project . 
  your comparison is closer to saying that in pakistan there is no cia agents , it 's volunteer us patriots fighting taliban . 
   they 're opposites . 
  yet so similar, 
  for me the bigger mystery is how anyone in the west ( conservatives ) can support putin . 
  is n't this kind of state imposed mandatory tourist location a major problem for anyone who deem themselves as being on the right . 
  it 's like a hippy leftist supporting w.bush because he likes to paint . 
   polish government has , regardless of their political option , been nothing but a bootlicker of the almighty uncle sam - and what poles get for that ? 
  dead soldiers and prospects of russian invasion . 
  poles get prospects of russian invasion because of us ? 
  a lot of countries are controlled by us to some degree , as us is the most powerful state on the planet . 
  eu is closest ally to us ( again , most influential country in the world ) so from that perspective of-course eu is has weaker position , hence dominated sorts of . 
  but its rather natural hierarchy that you see every day in human life . 
  but i 'd argue countries like russia or n-korea are much more controlled by us . 
  but it 's more subtle and psychological . 
  countries who are obsessed with us and consider them as a ultimate foe . 
  these countries tend to do have every move only as a reaction to us . 
  look at latest ukraine crisis and pro-russian arguments . 
  they are not able to defend anything russia does without bringing in us . 
  it 's like a teenager who rebel against his parents , thinks this way he is independent , actually being quite opposite . 
   putin and lavrov are comparatively silent recently i doubt they are giving orders through cnn . 
  one thing is public rhetorics and the other things whats really happening . 
  plus , with ukraine crisis more prominent pattern has been that the truth is exactly opposite what putin is claiming . 
   putin does n't interfere much anymore in ukraine . 
  one of the key elements of his eurasian project suddenly does n't interest him anymore ? 
  this election is going to be very interesting . 
  possibly putin wo n't be able to move to a next target if ukrainian crisis will not be solved in near future . 
  i doubt russia has the resources to tackle both countries simultaneously . 
  my main contact and the tool for comparison with tourists is my dog . 
  when i walk my dog in the city , the difference between tourist from west and russia is that westerners mostly ask if they can pet my dog with smiling face and friendly attitude . 
  but with russians , especially the women ( ok i 'm going full chauvinist here and you never go full chauvinist , but its just my honest observation without pc bs ) the case is quite the opposite , very often they just start calling my dog from afar , expecting me to come to them so they can pet , totally ignoring me , not asking nor even glimpse of an eye-contact ( last straw in dog petting etiquette , lol ) . 
  my dog gets attention all the time , many times a day every day so after a while it gets suuuuuppper old and annoying . 
   does n't he understand he 's scaring european governments into alternative energy sources/suppliers asap ? 
  i think it 's perfect example of the cultural gap between eu and russias politics/diplomacy . 
  i 'm starting to think that they are actually quite ignorant how they sound from western point of view . 
  in russia this sort of masculine thuggish rhetorics is what gets them to their position and this kind of language is the only language they speak and understand . 
  lot of top rich guys in russia running big corporations are ex-mafia from 90 's . 
  so i bet these roots of business landscape only cultivate brute people into higher positions . 
  i live in estonia and i can confirm , russian tourists are rather rude . 
  we have lots of scandinavian tourists and they are very polite and nice . 
   estonians are bad drivers . 
  sorry for bad driving . 
  we have lots of construction workers there i bet who are bit more thuggish than average . 
  driving culture is getting better here though slowly , so i 'm optimistic that some day it will also reflect in estonians in finland . 
  edit : oops sorry , quote . 
  are we seeing the beginning of the end ? 
  i love how every time if there 's trouble with economy people start looking for fault from outside . 
  it 's almost never `` oh , we made some mistakes '' , its rather `` they took our jeuuubs ! '', 
  i mean . 
  if we ca n't even trust or want our own eu people anymore ... 
  they managed to create nato allience . 
  i 'm sure it would be easier to make eu analogue . 
   rt and the people 's daily indicate it 's because of small issues , other news sources say the issues are bigger than the two parties are willing to admit . 
  and the truth is probably somewhere in the middle . 
   there are different situations , russia and ukraine were one country for a long time , it 's not russian emigrants . 
  if you use putins logic you can easily find just the right and convenient criteria even for china to annex parts of russia . 
  history is full of connections and holes that can be used like that . 
  you could argue crimea should belong to greece for all i know . 
  i 'm going to open a champagne if some day putin will be overthrown and some nasty country will use it as an excuse for invasion . 
  because somehow , in russian brain it 's ok to invade if your neighbour is in trouble . 
   we did n't expect a violent overthrow of a democratically elected president either . 
  that does n't come as a surprise to anyone . 
  countries like ukraine , russia or belarus are all in similar category of politically unpredictable since they have rampant corruption on top . 
  i would n't be surprised if putin got overthrown at some point . 
  does that mean china can come in and grab a piece or two from russia ? 
  call of duty or no call of duty nobody expected russia would invade sovereign states on 21st century either . 
   it 's part of the human condition . 
  also part of human condition is after committing crime to hope get away without consequences . 
  if you climb in open window and steal something , expect others to install locks . 
  you can promise ( random dude on the computer ) million times that russia wont attack nato member , but unfortunately nobody really trusts russia anymore . 
  to any social being it should n't come as a surprise . 
  plus , they define separatists as terrorists . 
  so ban is consistent considering the definition . 
  i guess defining separatists that way is another issue in itself . 
   because `` pussy sausage '' was an obvious ** troll ** like you are being now . 
   fuck off , self-hating troll !, 
  right . 
  i 'm confused , i 'm not sure if you are being sarcastic or not . 
  if most of the arguments against gays are either naturalistic fallacy or equation with pedophilia i 'm not very proud of our nations intellectual average . 
  to be fair . 
  i agree that estonians are well educated . 
  but not on this particular matter . 
  you are a great example of this . 
  i 've seen your comments . 
  smart guy/gal . 
  but if you have n't heard about difference between sex and gender , you definitely have n't delved very deep on this topic . 
  on vice dispatches there was quite clear pattern where russians showed up first ones to get violent treatment were journalists . 
  so yeah , not very fond of free press . 
   march is too early for the sanctions to have an effect . 
  most of the sanctions back then were against some individuals directly involved with crimea . 
  agree . 
  they 've been predicting finnish economy drop from last year . 
  what is this world federation of hungarians ? 
  do n't tell me it 's important .
