  do n't misrepresent what i 'm saying . 
  i agree the unwritten rules in airplanes and airports are ridiculous , i 'm saying it for the third time . 
  but he does have problems with adapting . 
  me and many other people know very well that you ca n't make a bomb or ebola joke on a plane , you ca n't even whisper it to a child , i 'm sorry , its fucked up , but thats how it is . 
  blame 9/11 . 
   all we know is that he scratched the words `` attenzione ebola ! '', 
  on the lid of a coffee cup and threw it away , as i said , i find it ridiculous . 
  but i would never do the same thing , as i know the potential for trouble in this scenario is too big . 
  he must have been naive or ignorant guy who is not very good at adapting , or he just did n't care and was taking a risk knowingly . 
  but there is n't many options here either . 
  this is very common knowledge by now , when you enter airport or airplane , you are not at home and you do n't explain `` how bombs work '' to your daughter . 
  this is probably biggest challenge and dilemma eu will face in near future . 
  what to do with a country who is becoming opposite to what eu is about within eu itself . 
  should we kick hungary out ? 
  would that kind of precedent be actually even bigger threat to whole project ? 
  or would that push hungary even further away into dictatorship ? 
  in general , it baffles my mind people have not learned from the history that authoritarian nationalism is nothing but trouble and suffering . 
  it is like drugs , it will fill you with ecstatic emotions in a short run , but it is destructive in the long run . 
  these kind of news truly take away any hope for humanity . 
  it seems we are doomed to repeat our most idiotic mistakes and new generations have no ability to learn . 
  i hope hungary is better than that and they will kick orban out of his seat soon . 
  even though i agree the situation in airports and planes is rather ridiculous . 
  but you really have to be an idiot to make a joke about ebola on board . 
   well , the us bought guantanamo from cuba about a century ago . 
  this . 
  it is rather pathetic attempt of argumentation if you have to go as far as 100 years in the past to find a comparison to what russia did now in modern europe . 
  there are far more recent annexations and occupations done by other countries . 
  so this makes the particular question not just whataboutism , but very bad one . 
  according to russia kiev is the one run by extremists , of course . 
  russia acting strange as fuck and all this counterintuitive behavior makes me wonder whats their game . 
  because no way they are stupid there in kremlin . 
  and i really doubt they are actually planning taking on nato . 
  a month ago i was very sure they are trying to divide europe . 
  but now this looks like they want to unite europe ? 
  the only angle that sort of made sense since around 2008 to interpret putins behavior is that most of the stuff is motivated by local politics . 
  that russia is very much inward and things that look like is russias foreign policy , its just a means to an end to contain any uprisings . 
  essentially putins main game is to keep russias population stable and make most of them believe there is no alternatives to him . 
  be it through war in ukraine or cold war etc. 
  it cant be just coincidence that his rather crazy choices have been working really good . 
  every time he does something that puzzles wests mind he has gained great popularity . 
  even with the sanctions he managed to gain in polls . 
  the only time his popularity has been dropping is when nothings happening and people do n't * need * him . 
  so my bet is that is part of his `` stay in power '' tactics - which might be calculated for internal consumption few steps ahead . 
  although from west point of few it should n't be taken lightly . 
  i think he can go very far to keep his position , as he has no alternatives really . 
  it 's not like he can retire . 
  he 'll be in jail or murdered in no time . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  i think its just cheap scheme to waste tons of taxpayers money . 
  i actually disagree with you 180 . 
  putting focus into infrastructure is one of the best use of taxpayers money . 
  west actually is pretty self conscious . 
  people are extremely critical of bush and blair actions in middle-east . 
  you are probably just not seeing that since you are focused on what they say about russia . 
  there is probably no politician in the world more shit on than gw bush . 
  and rightly so . 
  well , however you want to define ukraine conflict , crimea is part of russia , and egypt nor iraq nor afghanistan is part of eu or us . 
  there has been proxy wars and supporting of rebels the whole last century , us did it , eu did it and soviet union did it . 
  do n't talk about precedent in this case . 
  but . 
  neither europe nor us has annexed any part of countries this century . 
  there is clear difference between supporting rebels or actually a landgrab . 
  i 'd put the latter in much much more dangerous category . 
  wait what ? 
  i 'm not frothing at all . 
  maybe you are seeing what you hope to see . 
  you do realize ukraine is located in europe , that makes a difference to people living in europe . 
  there is big difference how people will react if its on other side of the continent or its at your home . 
  europe has been pretty peaceful and one of the reason for wests reaction is that everyone kind of believed the conflict with russia was over . 
  russia is not just supporting . 
  russia annexing parts of sovereign country . 
  eu and us did n't annex anything in egypt . 
  and it 's funny that you bring up wests hysterical reaction . 
  i think its been quite the opposite , its been rather weak . 
  yes there has been a lot of ( hysterical ) words , but zero action . 
  and i think you as a russian think that too actually . 
  thats what putin been exploiting all along - and will probably keep doing that in near future . 
  did you read the original report ? 
  this is definitely not ordinary day for nato . 
  people in this thread is pretty much reflection of this activity . 
  russia brings out unusual amount of planes in two days you get unusual amount of comments about it . 
  how is libyas or egypts rebels related ? 
  if we talking about ukraine . 
  did you see nato troops in ukraine ? 
  and russia did invade ukraine . 
  first they annexed crimea that started with invasion . 
  and now they are in the eastern ukraine ( theres more than enough reports about it ) . 
  and separatist movement had russian citizens with gru background as leaders , if you say its legit and believable separatism then good for you mate . 
   how about some new sanctions to help their economy back on its feet ? 
  you know according to russians the sanctions will make their economy stronger . 
  little bit of outlandish theory , but i would n't be surprised if that `` unusual activity '' is response to results of ukraines elections . 
  couple of days ago putin has a huge blow by having overwhelming pro-west outcome in ukraine . 
   russia is not even close to that fat pile of shit , ** you moron . 
  ** you should be banned for this kind of personal attack . 
  so you are saying nato is teenager from baltics or poland ? 
  the news about unusual level of russian air activity originates from nato . 
  and similar comments you are making now could be seen also while russia was invading ukraine . '', 
  it is not invasion , there is nothing to worry about '' was common attitude . 
  i 'm not saying this unusual level of activity is anything similar to invading ukraine , i just do n't think we should lightheartedly push it under the rug either . 
  edit : just wanted to add .
