  but this is not the end of europe , thats all i 'm saying . 
  this article 's headline is retweet material for right-wingers . 
  last century europe survived 2 world wars . 
  if this century we will crumble under muslims and terrorism ... well , color me surprised , what else can i say . 
  my whole point was that this type of articles are fear-mongering which is counterproductive . 
  i 'm way more ruthless than average guy ( especially westerner ) in terms of ideas how to deal with terrorism and islamists , so you are barking at a wrong tree . 
  wow , the emotional headlines . 
  let 's look at the numbers . 
  coldly and rationally . 
  is terrorism really wiping us out , more than , say car accident fatalities ? 
  is terrorism wiping us out more than it did last century , when most terrorists were white europeans ? 
  are we really being overrun by muslims ? 
  what is the percentage of muslims in eu in total ? 
  i mean , its tough times , and there is crisis , but saying we are crumbling like rome is bizarre . 
  the only thing that i see crumbling are balls . 
  let 's not get overwhelmed with fear . 
  i can only imagine the orgasm when isis guys read the headlines like that . 
  this type of journalism only motivates them do more . 
  must be amazing feeling , 5 guys taking down an empire . 
  time is right to push for reformation of islam from within islam . 
  the condemnations i hear from muslim leaders have become just a hollow lip service . 
  clean up your dirty house , outsiders are unable to do that for you . 
  i think bombing have proved not to work . 
  it will drag us into endless guerrilla war . 
  although my solution is perhaps far more brutal , but it would take us out of the fight . 
  protect our borders and just let them fight it out amongst themselves . 
  agree , they are probably more creative than that . 
  they 'll adapt to something different , depending on the environment . 
  for starters , the plane in egypt . 
  assuming it was isis . 
  out of reach for fsb and totally unexpected . 
  my twitter feed is full of accusations against saudis , but its all done by journalists and analysts . 
  no mainstream western politician dares to do that . 
  i 'm against the bombing in middle east . 
  but i think having solidarity is paramount in this case . 
  even if in my opinion the outcome will not be positive , its more important we stick together and do things together . 
   if we are honest , none of our approaches ( including the us and russia ) has worked . 
  neither the german `` hands off '' approach , nor the us/russian `` bomb em till they smile '' approach , nor the french or british middle-of-the-road thing . 
  so true . 
  i see a lot of talk of invoking article 5 and support for that in reddit . 
  i think the mistake we made 13 ago definitely relevant now . 
  just to add . 
  i 'm no pacifist . 
  and i 'm no immigration supporter . 
  i just ca n't believe we are falling for the bait once again . 
  maybe , just maybe we should n't have gone to iraq . 
  i like how people have memory of a fish and pretend like the main problem of terrorism is refugees . 
  this does not bother me - solidarity that arises between allied countries is natural - last thing i want to see is issue of race brought in . 
  but what bothers me is that we pretend to be surprised when the bill arrives . 
  we elect politicians who send in the drones who kill far more civilians far far away . 
  and when war comes home , and we have to pay with far far less lives than we have taken , we pretend like we are treated unjustly . 
  west has become too comfortable killing without consequences . 
  i think we should realise that this is what we are doing to others , tenfold . 
  thats the painful hypocrisy we should notice and own up . 
  the genius of abrahamic religions is that they can be interpreted any way you wish . 
  one page says kill every `` other '' , next page says do n't kill anybody . 
  hence the popularity , something for everyone . 
  i think the fact that fsb was involved raises it on another level . 
  i 'm amazed how people forget how we failed two wars in a row in middle east pretty much yesterday . 
  i agree , we need to do somethin , but going revenge bombing once again , i 'm pretty much certain it will bring even more terrorists to europe in next couple of decades . 
  fear of consequences was a sentiment i had on a day of 9/11 , and i was proven to be right , the aftermath was cosmically out of proportion - some might argue the paris attacks are the fruit of us invasion of iraq . 
  thank god france is not a supoerpower . 
  yeah , lets get more involved in middle east , it has worked great so far . 
   and yet , as recent european union statistics show , german women earn on average 22 percent less for the same work as men , a figure that has n't budged since 2010 . 
  perhaps attitudes towards women are n't as uniformly progressive in the bundesrepublik as nunes thinks ? 
  this is bullshit comparison . 
  is she really comparing situation of women in germany with women in middle east ? 
  like ... while merkel being a leader . 
  the rest of the article actually quite sensible . 
  slow reaction is deliberate . 
  everybody already knows who did it , and putin knows he supposed to react masculine , but he ca n't afford it . 
  so he waits till the emotions come down , pretending that he is waiting for investigations conclusions , so he does n't have to go full invasion , which would be way beyond his initial plans . 
  plus . 
  the fact that his syria adventure has already consequences , and they are real bad ones , having direct responsibility for the worst plane crash in russias history , not something he wants to be part of his image . 
  and thats how they cover the `` free '' public transport . 
  if i remember correctly , poland is one of the most pro-eu countries in europe . 
  i 'd say it 's almost difficult to find hetero porn on pornhub that ** does not ** involve anal . 
  her brain is a puzzle . 
  some allies in south . 
  did n't want say all neighbours . 
  i do n't think any neighbours to the east from russia is naive enough to expect any favours from russia , ever . 
  anti gov protests is not civil war . 
  i 'm not pro-rebel . 
  i 'm against the intervention in this case on all sides . 
  bombing something in middle-east has proved counter-productive over and over . 
  you as a pro-russian should support the rebels , as assad is like poroshenko in crimea , a minority leader . 
  well , if the water level will keep rising ... 
  not going to trust eu on defence any time soon . 
   among the countries surveyed germany is the most reluctant : 58 % of those polled said they did not think their country should use military force to defend a nato ally against russia . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33072093 ), 
  the whole `` putsch '' ( interesting word you are using here ) came in long string of events . 
  maidan was going for many months when it got more and more violent , escalated when people started dying and eventually yanukovich escaping from ukraine . 
  and that neonazi stuff is most overrated russian propaganda . 
  yeah , there was extremists on maidan . 
  so is everywhere . 
  novorossya 's `` project '' was full of russian neo-nazis . 
  does n't mean it was run by neo-nazis . 
  it 's a bit early to say russia will do any better job than us eradicating isis . 
  because in my opinion they wont achieve any stability , quite the opposite . 
  i understand your sentiment .
