  they are at their limit . 
  russias economy is n't doing great , and if they stretch much further it will collapse bringing down putins regime - which is the key to everything we 've seen russia has risking about in last few years . 
  sure , if it comes to existential war russia is on top . 
  but when we look at it from putins perspective , if he goes against turkey , he is done . 
  thats good news . 
  if both pilots would have survived the incident would be very different . 
  you mean he is rescued ? 
  it 's not the first time russia is violating their airspace , and they were warned many times in the past . 
  it 's not about this particular violation , its about larger picture of intimidation and political muscle flexing ( including bombing of turkmen - imagine foreign country bombing donbass ) . 
  russia had it coming . 
  turkey does n't even need to rely on western powers to brush off russia 's intimidations . 
  turkey has a massive army that is too costly for russia to mess with . 
  average redditors memory is 1 week . 
  wait , who views european as a single ethnic group ? 
  the whole point of european is that its diverse and open for anyone to be european . 
  is n't poland quite pro-eu ? 
  does this shit fly with the public ? 
  is there debate in the media about it ? 
  russia is a bully and they took a wrong habbit to a wrong place . 
  and if you read my comment i definitely did n't say `` deserve '' . 
  this thing was waiting to happen . 
  objectively speaking . 
  thats all . 
  turkey is no ukraine or finland that you can keep fucking with . 
  i think it wasnt necessary on turkeys part . 
  but i 'm not turkey , so ... 
  yeah , i agree , its not about this one time . 
  russia kind a was asking for it for a while now . 
  not that i think anyone should pay with their lives for stupid international muscle flexing . 
  it 's always the dicks at the top deciding others to die while personally not paying the price . 
  nothings gon na happen . 
  at the rate we are going with crazy news around the world lately , this thing is going to be forgotten in a week . 
  does anyone remember anything about russian plane that was blown up in egypt ? 
  reddit was wet down there thinking russia will send ground troops to annihilate isis ... not holding my breath . 
  this thing goes both ways . 
  russia ca n't afford war with turkey , and vice versa . 
  there are going to be diplomatic consequences , perhaps . 
  let the muscle flex begin . 
  poland will follow in 10 , lets loose the flags alltogether . 
  oh look , a man from 19th century is here . 
  he probably hopes for that , so the sarcasm wont work on him . 
  it is just ridiculous that there has to be life ruined or sacrificed for politicians to come up with such an obvious thing . 
  goes to show how alienated they are . 
  us would not go to war for any other country . 
  but it would go to war for nato - as it is much more than turkey , its their dominance in general . 
  oh , is it established ? 
  how ? 
  is it visible on video that they were not injured from the blast ? 
  plane was hit by a rocket . 
  sometimes people do n't die instantly , but it takes minutes , hours or days . 
  no g-force necessary . 
  not in a slightest . 
  i was just skeptical of them killing the pilot ( i thought perhaps he died in the injuries when the plane got shot down ) , and u/hematophagian gave an example how rational calculation on rebels part might have been omitted . 
  true that, 
  oh please , violence against tyranny and violence against minority is now similar ? 
  is this true ? 
  somehow i doubt it . 
  they would profit from having a hostage more than from dead guy , no ? 
  georgia has russia friendy government , still russia keeps expanding its borders swallowing villages and gas pipelines . 
  your proposed `` stop pissing russia off '' is ludicrous . 
  we do n't impose passports on people . 
  everyone who stayed here is given an option to have a citizenship or so called grey passport . 
  many choose the grey one as they are not interestd in citizenship , grey passport gives them visafree access to both eu and russia . 
  add 50 years to that . 
  when for some oppression stopped with ww2 , to many it was just the beginning . 
  now we know turkey warns 10 times , but there 's not going to be 11th warning . 
  you are right . 
   following the first night on saturday , 12 people were arrested after skinheads from the national resurrection of poland movement clashed with theatregoers . 
   on sunday , the home of the theatre 's artistic director was pelted with eggs and tomatoes . 
  `` these are dark days for poland , reminiscent of nazi and soviet oppression , '' the polski theatre 's literary manager , piotr rudzki , told the guardian . 
   `` a move like this , in a country with poland 's history , is intended to remind us of the years leading up to 1989 when all productions had to be passed by the state censor . '' http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/23/polish-minister-tries-to-ban-nobel-winners-pornographic-play, 
  i live in old town in tallinn ( were all the tourist go ) - i ca n't recall seeing even once a soldier in uniform here , especially foreign one . 
  lol, 
  nationalists is something poroshenko has to deal with . 
  the solution for minsk2 is only one , and that is what i already explained , as there is no other way to get it fully implemented . 
  unless of course if west is willing just to give another ossetia to putin . 
  thats rather weird statement . 
  russia is keeping frozen conflict , some could say ukraine is far from being sovereign now that russia has gun at its head . 
  take for instance ossetia . 
  russia till this day broadens the landmass its occupying . 
  even though georgia has been playing nice . 
  thats what happens when you are not in nato . 
  rebels do n't surrender anything , its up to big papa . 
  knowing the track record i do n't think there 's any reason to trust putin . 
  the only way to get something from him is to have some leverage , lifting the sanctions before he gives the borders back means just being stupid and giving him the borders , plain and simple . 
  the solution is to keep pressuring kiev , and keeping the sanctions . 
  kiev will buckle under west 's pressure sooner or later . 
  and having sanctions in place west will still have some good cards on the table for putin to behave . 
  support their sovereignty , democratisation and road to become better state - the same experience majority of eastern european countries experienced when they chose the western model and eu . 
  russia needs us as much as we need them when it comes to syria . 
  whole point is that we should show some backbone when it comes to ukraine and keep the issues separate . 
  i doubt putin will ever give the border back to ukraine . 
  its going to be another ossetia . 
  and why would he give the border back if the sanctions are lifted before minsk is fully implemented ? 
  he would get just an angry letter , nobody would put the sanctions back . 
  and this is exactly what he is hoping for right now with syria . 
  eastern europe knows very well how this guy plays . 
  there will always be alienated young men . 
  did you see the graph of terrorism history in europe posted recently . 
  from 1970 's til 1990 's the death toll was way higher than it has been last decades .
