  baltics share the membership and currency with germany . 
  not to talk about values and such . 
  and we are not iraq which was failed project , as it was forced democracy . 
  we are the ones who chose democracy and chose to be with the west . 
  if thats not a thing to defend ... 
  i do n't know , its just so hopeless for us . 
  all we have is us , only hope . 
  ridiculous circumstances , lets be honest . 
  even comic books got it right . 
  with great power comes great responsibility . 
  pacifism for country like yours is not an option . 
  small countries being bullied by aggressive dictators is obligation of rightful powerful countries like germany . 
  in my view , germany got it right in so many aspects . 
  it stays away from many `` shady '' foreign interventions . 
  but protecting fellow eu member , fellow currency member , fellow in values and democracy , if that is not worth protecting . . 
  i do n't know what is . 
  this world is becoming real weird lately . 
  people in west have lost goal and belief . 
  right . 
  if russia is lead into troubles by us like a puppet , maybe you should reconsider your leadership . 
  the only one funding fascists in europe is putin . 
  ( which is even mentioned in the resolution ), 
  she is despicable politician . 
  last time i saw her on a talk show where topic was the immigration quotas she could n't keep in the subject and was blabbering about russian relations and russians in estonia . 
  exactly like her master savisaar , unable to speak without parroting party 's main slogans . 
  yes , but not using military force to defend estonia is the context here . 
  how is that related to some former nato related wars ? 
  not defend fellow eu country , i just do n't understand how do you even justify that . 
  i think its extremely cynical and self-centered . 
  if there 's no will to defend actual european values and european core project , what is there left ? 
  protecting estonia , a eu member , euro country , ally , democracy that shares the values would be a military adventure , just a economic interest . 
  thats most cynical view i 've read here so far . 
  i 'm actually for russia being in nato and eu . 
  but its not going to happen with putin or in next 30 years , now that he decided to drift away from our values , modernization and economic integration . 
  putin defends molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  world is not black and white indeed . 
  why not just invite russia into nato then ? 
  or is the idea just a name change ? 
  looked it up in wiki . 
   the party declared in may 2014 that ukraine should n't receive any kind of support from germany as long as it is ruled by `` fascists '' . 
  the deputies of the party supported and observed the referendum held by the population of the autonomous republic of crimea . 
  sounds like a pro-putin party in germany . 
  great . 
  plus . 
   the party calls for a replacement of nato with a collective security system including russia as a member country . 
  seems like they just want to replace us with russia . 
  fantastic idea . 
  guys guys guys guys guys guys guys , do n't you get it ?!?!, 
  there is no such thing as ukraine , hence there 's no russian soldiers in * ukraine * . 
  proof : * `` ukraine is not even a state ! '', 
  putin , 2008 *, 
  for vatican i reserve a special slot , which is worse than hate - * indifference * . 
   they can also vote . 
  vote for who ? 
  for a party who does n't honor treaties with the allies ? 
  have you been in australia ? 
  i hate that country to a degree , definitely . 
  no special treatment period . 
  aliens . 
  we 've always looked for friends somewhere , thats nothing new . 
  war was bound to happen in some countries after arab spring . 
  that whole area is a fucking ticking bomb . 
  blaming it all on us is a bit of a stretch . 
  putin is playing with people like you . 
  i would have hoped by now most of appeasers would have understood that . 
  apparently not . 
  i know . 
  i agree that most countries are concerned only about problems affecting them directly , but my whole point was that eu should work towards becoming like one country . 
  i can assure you , estonia has very little problem with `` boat people '' . 
  yet i think we should help some not only to help refugees , but also to create more unity within eu ( although my line of thinking is probably minority in estonia ) . 
  eu really works only when everyone kind of chips in . 
  otherwise someone could call you a freerider . 
  it 's not even about the practical effect , which is rather slight for a small country , but its about the principal . 
  for instance . 
  at the moment there is huge debate going on here how much of refugees should we accept in case of quotas . 
  some people argue none . 
  i think we should share the burden , even though quota wise we share a small one , but we should do it out or principle . 
  pushing everything on the other members ... kind of whats wrong with the world often . 
  edit : grandmother, 
   only an insane person and only in a dream can imagine that russia would suddenly attack nato i guess it depends on his definition of `` attack '' . 
  because putin to this day claims he is not `` attacking '' ukraine . 
  there are no russian troops there , remember ? 
  so , just bend few definitions of attack and of nato or of some states , and you are okay . 
  crimea was always russia , donbass is a republic defending its territory from kiev occupiers , ussr breaking apart was illegal etc etc. 
  original culture sucks . 
  we need to change our system ( ideology ) into civic nationalism , otherwise there 's never going to be integration . 
  well , to be precise , white man did n't integrate into native people hunter gatherer society , they came and committed genocide then made native people to live according to their rules . 
  and only after few-hundred years ( or half a millennia !!! ), 
  they realised `` oops , need to feel guilty '' . 
  no you ca n't . 
  you always rely on russia , as they use trade as political tool . 
  putin has been switching on and off the taps since beginning of his reign . 
  i think there is truth there that you need grassroots conditions for person like putin to be able to sell the `` restore empire '' policy to people . 
  in that sense people are definitely also responsible . 
  but . 
  i do believe sincerely that in about 2000 beginning there was a crossroad where russian people were willing to become more liberal and `` modern '' country . 
  but putins struggle for power turned the country towards authoritarian again , inevitably leading to where russia is right now . 
  putin defended stalins collaboration with nazis , you ca n't go any higher level than that . 
  every country has neo-nazis with flags , welcome to our planet . 
  night wolfs or whatever they are called did n't get to drive to berlin .
