  nobody is saying putin is smart , at least thats not what i got from the article . 
  and i liked the first part better than the last . 
  although constructive ideas are good , i 've heard these particular ones before . 
  i 'm actually too quite confused how did it come about . 
  they did n't seem to struggle economically enormously and non of the other eastern-european countries seem to have longing for `` glorious leader '' - quite the opposite , most of them believe in western liberal model more than westerners themselves right now . 
  edit : grammar, 
  ai n't nobody got time for studies . 
  ukip poster told me `` they taking our jobs !, 
  there 's a difference what soviet ideology thought about women and what orthodox church thinks about them . 
  i 'm thinking of long term . 
  i have a feeling eu and russia will only drift further apart . 
  russia wont be a north korea , but its weird satellites on the other hand , not so sure . 
  i do believe ukraine will transform for the better quite a lot in 30 years tho . 
  still , going to be interesting to see how the new republics going to be run . 
  lets hope its not going to be north korea-south korea in 30 years . 
  well , people in `` donetsk republic '' are going to want get back under kiev rather soon , only that no-one will hear them through the iron curtain . 
  i disagree . 
  i fucking love it . 
  i 'm just afraid they will tone it down and it will be some half-baked thingy which is the worst , you either go full crazy or go for the beauty . 
  i think its full on crazy and its great . 
   vladimir putin has a very clear strategy in ukraine : first , sow panic among ukrainians and the west and then wait , then provoke ukrainians into doing things that distance them from the west , and then wait ; invade when both ukrainians and the west are off balance ; and then repeat the process . 
  this is good article . 
  we start recognizing the tactics and patterns which will definitely help us solving how to deal with them . 
  although i 'm not very optimistic of the pace we are going to do that . 
  the fact that putins salami tactics have gone as far as we saw couple day ago with huge amount of video and photo evidence of big russian military convoys in eastern ukraine - and i have n't heard even a word from western leaders , not to mention possibilities of further sanctions . 
  the acceptance of russians invasion and at the same time denial of russian invasion from western world is baffling . 
  we live in a strange times indeed . 
   i thought osce denied observing in eastern ukraine and now they are being fired upon ? 
  read news bro , not only the headlines . 
  i am very aware of the fact he is not crazy . 
  his policy on the other hand is clearly schizophrenic . 
  not only does russias foreign policy contradict itself seeing it from outside , but also russian people are in the state of some weird bi-polar state where one at the same time their `` anti-nazi war '' is driven on nationalistic sentiment . 
  putin on the other hand seems to be a pragmatic dictator without ideology manipulating with the masses to keep his throne . 
  funny enough , putins whole argumentation of invasion was based on fighting nazis , yet validates the elections via actual nazi observers from all over eu . 
  schizophrenic as he is , the best friends he has in europe are the biggest enemies he points out in local speeches . 
  yes , i was n't born yesterday . 
  its not a test . 
  its a message . 
  i have a feeling putin is following finnish polls regarding joining nato , and he is n't happy with the results . 
  greatest crimes was due to communism ( put china and russia together you get astronomical numbers of death ) , but nationalism definitely a contender . 
  i think ethnic nationalism should be switched to civic one across the globe . 
  and i do believe it will happen slowly , as it is less archaic . 
  but i do n't see it happening in europe in my lifetime , because people are too conservative - latch to what they are brought up with , not what is more sensible . 
   i think that in some countries political correctness is taken too seriously . 
  i would argue different parts of world have different pc rules . 
  we call blacks black because it is not in our culture and history to call them otherwise . 
  we have our own pc taboos that are perhaps accepted in america . 
  i guess with globalization it all will more or less evens out . 
  but only to a degree . 
  i do n't think europeans are more racist than other western parts of the world . 
  perhaps one thing that differentiates us from australia , us and canada is that european identity is based on nationality but the former countries identities are based on citizenship . 
  that might play quite a big part how we interpret `` others '' . 
  i would actually hope eu would change into citizenship based identity ( because i think nationalism is shit ) , but i wont hold my breath . 
  i 'm not creating information war , as i 'm not trying to paint any skewed picture here . 
  i 'm always trying to argue against blatant lies , thats all . 
  ukraine was not a fascist country even after yanukovych like you claim here . 
  anyone with little critical thought capabilities could see that . 
  fascism necessitates grassroot movement and without populous support there is no chance for couple of douches in the government . 
  we had zero evidence of popularity of fascism before last week elections as well . 
  presidential elections showed that , and there was very small minority acting like nazis in the whole country . 
  this putins definition of fascist ruling ukraine has been biggest lie from the beginning . 
  elections reflected there is no neo-nazism `` tendencies '' in ukraine . 
  azov battalion is supported by ukrainian government , it is definitely a problem . 
  but at least you can rationalize it just a tiny bit by the fact ukraine is fighting for its independence and they clearly need every man they can get , and far-righters are gun lovers more often than not . 
  yet on the other side we have putin who supports nazis same way , but for far worse objectives - landgrab . 
  for instance one of the observer of referendum in donetsk is a member of hungarys jobbik party who suggested making list of jews . 
  yet its clearly gets less attention because west is n't run by putin and is not trying convince us of something very very hard . 
  yes , there is nazis in ukraine . 
  but is ukraine government supporting nazis because they are nazis , no . 
  are ukrainian people nazis , did they elect nazis , no . 
  but why do we keep seeing attempt of showing like ukraine is a nazi country . 
  why we keep seeing such bullshit posts . 
  i 'm really tired of this information war creeping in everywhere . 
  2 options here . 
  either russia wants to dig its foot deeper to what it managed to grab ( south-ossetia style freeze the conflict ) . 
  or there is second wave coming . 
  i am afraid its the latter . 
  because repeatedly flying bombers on the other side of europe just does n't make much sense ( why would they send a threatening message in the midst of falling economy and sanctions ) . 
  but i hope they want to freeze the conflict . 
  clearly lesser evil . 
  i 'm too lazy to search for it , but there was a pro-russian fat guy shooting ak behind policemen before the arson . 
  my prediction , russia is going for the south ukraine soon . 
  but first it wants to let the west know it has nuclear capabilities . 
  ( really really do n't want to see this war going into winter , that would be the worst ), 
   this happens on a regular basis . 
  can you bring any examples when nato has done it recently to russia ? 
   as russia becomes more isolated , and it 's economy crumbles , it will become more and more dangerous . 
  i agree . 
  it is very dangerous situation . 
  but i also think that there is no other way to deal with russia than the dangerous way . 
  putin is very determined on his new path and if we do n't stop him now it only emboldens him and its going to be inevitable that we see more conflicts . 
  edit : grammar, 
  for me the hardest picture was where a guy was taped to a fucking tree ... torture and humiliation is the worst part of the war . 
  there are dignified soldiers and there are pervert scum who have no honor - and unfortunately it is inevitable part of the war . 
  i can not unsee the look in the eyes of that person . 
  truly disturbing . 
  you can make thousand bomb jokes on a plane as long as no-one will notice . 
  i 'm not defending the airline and the policy . 
  all i 'm saying , you make a bomb joke or ebola joke on a plane , you better be ready to pay the price , and do n't pretend to be surprised if the price is pretty high . 
   he should have been given a caution and sent on his way .
