   you already hate russians for fictious reasons . 
  fictitious ? 
  my grandmother was in gulag and her whole family was shot for having a farm . 
  and please , remind me again what you were whining about ? 
  oh right , a test . 
  you are 1000 times worse than what you are blaming others to be . 
  yes . 
  this is a type of communication is preferable . 
  thank you . 
  the fact that there are countries with larger emigration does n't make my argument less true . 
  and quantity of education does n't mean quality of education . 
  just googled top-unis in the world . 
  russia has none in top-200 . 
  making light of latvians suffering . 
  yet very upset over the language test . 
  chauvinism much ? 
  do n't expect to be liked anywhere in eastern europe . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of intelligent putin supporters ( which is scary ) . 
  but i think we are talking in general here ( which is kind of obvious ) . 
  the brain drain will have an effect on russia , and like i said , i believe it will be beneficial for putin . 
  it is only an opinion and is clearly based on generalization ( how else would it possible to talk about social matters ), 
  many were forcefully deported and murdered and whole country oppressed for 50 years . 
  by the way . 
  countries that are not occupied by russia do build houses you know . 
  this is perhaps something that is not covered in your education . 
  west has some journalism left in it . 
  you got ta know where to look . 
  are you working in rt ? 
   it was a union . 
  lol . 
  with buch of occupied countries with oppressive machine run from kremlin . 
  sweet union . 
   people born in normal countries do not have to pass exams to get citizenship . 
  unrestricted birthright citizenship mostly in south-america . 
  quite the opposite . 
  if people here would n't be satirizing rt i would be worried . 
  what you mean they did not come from russia ? 
  where did they come from then ? 
  ussr was russia . 
  occupying baltics . 
  why else would todays russia sue lithuanian citizens for avoiding ussr army . 
  by the way . 
  you are a good chauvinistic example of lack of respect for sovereign countries citizenship exams . 
  but i guess it does n't come as a surprise . 
  you realise that russian propaganda has become a parody of itself and people are ridiculing it here ? 
  http://rt.com edit : on a more serious note . 
  just made a quick google and first article on rt had 13 matches for `` fascist '' . 
  come on man . 
  do n't play stupid . 
  i 'm not going to even bother to go through rt-s history to link probably hundreds of articles like that about ukraine . 
  just observe rt for couple of days , you 'll get your answers . 
  thats probably actually beneficial to putin . 
  all he needs is his oil and stupid people ( the stupider the better ) who believe and support his bs and he is set for life . 
  yeah , like in every other country on this planet . 
  how awful . 
  if i would like to get an us citizenship or russias , i would not have a chance . 
  i would need some very special skills and papers . 
  but every russian who 's living here can apply for citizenship without any of that . 
  the entitlement for russians you seem to have everything handed on silver platter is beyond my understanding . 
  well , since they are russians by ethnicity and originally by homeland we kind of give them that option . 
  and like i said . 
  many of them just choose so called `` gray passport '' which gives them options that they would n't have with citizenship . 
  but i see . 
  this is the type of freedom they need to be protected from . 
  freedom of choice is a fascists invention , need eradicate !, 
  so they have a choice , if they want it or not . 
  edit : and a lot of them choose not to because it benefits them . 
  they have open borders to the west and to the east . 
  no its not lacking democracy . 
  some of them did apply for citizenship and some of them did n't . 
  we are not going to impose the citizenship by force . 
  this video is horrible . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   the baltic nations could just introduce official bilingualism like finland has with swedish ( despite sweden 's colonial history ) . 
   nothing good comes with denying a large chunk of your population to use the language they grew up with for filing taxes and doing other types of business . 
  pretty much everything you can imagine can be done in russian language here in estonia . 
  everywhere i look i see two or three languages represented ( estonian , russian , english ) . 
   tl ; dr russians are not too well integrated and tend to be pro-putin , but they do not support an invasion because life 's better here . 
  russians did not support russian invasion in ukraine either . 
  you create a warzone you polarize people beyond usual mentality . 
  thats great . 
  nice to wake up every morning for last few months and think maybe i have to go to fucking war soon . 
  because putin wants to `` protect '' half of my relatives living here in baltics . 
  i could run . 
  but what about my parents . 
  they are old and they have everything here , are they capable of running anymore ? 
  do i have to stay and fight - meaning freaking die !, 
  because who can win more than hundred time larger country . 
  what happened russia really ? 
  how is it possible to become such an idiotic state so fast ? 
  your protection rather shitty . 
  thanks to your ongoing landgrab attempt in ukraine thousands of russians killed . 
  so you are saying vkontakte should be banned everywhere except russia ? 
  it kind of beats the purpose of these social sites , doesnt it ? 
   but if tomorrow 's news said that russia was pulling your data you would be whining as well . 
  it is a governments duty to protect its citizens from any unlawful breach of their privacy . 
  nope . 
  i am not whining even tho i know russia ** is ** pulling data . 
  i am just choosing not to use vkontakte nor yandex . 
   how the fuck are we this worst country ever ??
