  good night . 
   of course , but we are speaking about the an26 - which was downed over it 's cargo drop zone . 
  so it was clearly either in the process of dropping cargo or descending/climbing back to normal flight altitude ( which takes quite some time ) . 
  ukraine also has il-76 planes . 
   just like the `` spanish air traffic controller '' - if you consider those accounts genuine so is his - and he clearly stated that mh17 was downed by ukrainian air forces funnily russia did n't report that , but the separatists source . 
   bush sr , bush jr. . you seriously comparing syria to us ? 
  his father was `` president '' for 30 years . 
  and bashar got 97,6 % yes votes . 
  i guess from russian perspective its normal . 
   of course , because too much information has leaked what do you mean , like its extraordinary . 
  west has always been like that . 
  western media always criticizes their leader . 
   in our channels we also point out western media bs no-one is questioning your ability criticizing west . 
  try reporting something harmful to putin . 
  and fox ? 
  really ? 
  us has plenty of serious outlets . 
  and europe has even more . 
  who all compete with each other . 
  western journalism actually exist . 
   yes . 
  what do you imply ? 
  that cargo planes fly above 5km as they are not dropping stuff all the time . 
   no they just generate information noise that is most beneficial for ukraine at least how they think . 
  well . 
  they had a fake account running for a while sending out real news ( so that russian media would follow them ) . 
  then on the day of shooting down mh17 kiev makes them say `` we shot down cargo plane '' within minutes of the incident . 
   he is elected president . 
  yeah , his father elected him . 
   just like in all other arab spring movements no . 
  west still supports certain rebels . 
  not the isis . 
  and everyone kind of know that syria is a mess - also thanks to proper western reporting . 
  there is plenty of propaganda in the west . 
  but equating it with russian media is ludicrous . 
   they would , but this transporter was dropping cargo which is done depending on the system installed and precision required 300-2000m above the ground . 
  just before the drop yes . 
   not the government - euromaidan cyber-centurias most likely . 
  means they were part of gov. 
  conspiracy to shoot down the plane . 
   that there were dozens of civilians planes flying above the region . 
  why on earth that one ? 
  why not that one ? 
  it 's rather weird question . 
  you can ask that for everything and not get an answer . 
   western media is biased in this case , same way was about the conflict in syria in first stages , when assad was the bad dictator and the rebels were paragon of freedom and liberty . 
  assad is dictator . 
  and there are very different type of rebels ( at least in the beginning ) . 
  and like i said . 
  there is no one western media that is lead by something or someone . 
   vice operative simon ostrovsky is somehow biased . 
  they film stuff there . 
  i have eyes and see and can judge people , not the first time on this planet . 
  vice is not the only source . 
  there is hundreds of reports and videos . 
   what you wanted see russian professional army ? 
  i think professional army has less of a chance of making that sort of mistake . 
  ( not impossible of course , as we see examples in history ) . 
   because it was n't above 5km , they claimed it to implicate russian military for downing it . 
  in reality it was transporter making a cargo drop way in the reach of the manpads . 
  i ca n't see why would n't ukraine fly higher than 5 km , and separatists presuming ukraine could fly higher than 5 km . 
  buk in separatists hands seems like a extra reach to me . 
   for example , strelkov had only one official page at the time which he stated way back which is icorpus.ru i 'm saying your theory means that ukrainian gov. 
  made an account , played a long game of being legit separatists account , and when they shot the plane down first admitted and then deleted just to appear like a real thing . 
  plus they fooled russians too as russian media was also following that account . 
   if rebels downed that plane it was surely because they were feed disinformation about this plane on purpose . 
  or they just shot down a wrong plane since they did n't have information . 
   because western media made it look that way . 
  western media is not russian media that is controlled by a dude . 
  western media is plural and there are heaps of actual journalism . 
  yes there are crap ones too , but it is rather obvious . 
   see , personal bias right here . 
  watch vice . 
  maybe they are not lowlifes by your standard , i do n't know . 
  i can see them being drunk half of the time and doing rather stupid things , we are not talking about well organized professional people here . 
   because in all those cases a manpads was used , which can shoot down planes below 3-5km depending on the model . 
  not a civilian plane flying at 10km . 
  i do n't see why would n't they use buk to shoot down the cargo plane that is above 5km . 
   this came from some unofficial , maybe faked social media groups which is unknown yet who is carrying them . 
  you seem to know it was fake . 
   as i stated before and explained the reasons - they could n't have had the system enabled monitoring the sky . 
  then only reason to turn it on ( if they had one ) would be to make the kill . 
  i meant that it has happened before in the history . 
  mh17 is not the first civilian plane shot down . 
  you seemed unable to comprehend the fact that civilian plane can be shot down by mistake . 
   german intelligence report as it 's stated in der spiegel stated that the plane was shot down by ukrainian buk which was in the rebels control . 
  if you agree with that statement ( with which i do n't ) . 
  that puts you in a quite difficult position . 
  for example , explaining how they knew that the buk system was under rebels control and not ukrainian army , national guard or volunteer battalions who respond to noone . 
  i 'm not disputing it no . 
  i trust german intelligence more than russian or ukrainian claims in this case . 
  but considering it with the rest of circumstances i tend to think it was much more probable that separatists shot the plane down . 
  the fact that they admitted ( which you think is conspiracy ) , the fact there was huge amount of videos and photos that pointed the direction , the fact how separatists behaved after the incident . 
  and of course overall picture of ukrainian conflict , russian tactics , separatists `` style '' of things and i ca n't see ukraine actually meddling in some conspiracy , as i tend not to believe in them a priory . 
  first try see if there can be human mistake in the play , and with russia and the separatists ( half of them losers and lowlifes ) in equation mistake is much more probable scenario . 
   i ca n't see how it 's possible to shoot down by mistake a plane flying at civilian heigh with civilian plane speed and identified on public available radars as civilian plane for ukrainian cargo one . 
  happened many times before . 
  plus , separatists themselves thought they shot down a cargo plane in the beginning . 
   also the radar buk systems come equipped with radar that is clearly seen on all other nearby radars while it can look only at one direction ( 120-180\u00ba ) at a time . 
  they managed to shoot several planes ( including cargo ) down for weeks before the incident and after .
