  just watched it happening , response was delayed forever , no gov. 
  in the history has been as patient . 
  secondly . 
  how is that russia 's business ? 
  what is russia 's entitlement here ? 
   i love how people act like ukraine is doing anything but reacting . 
  have they attacked russia ? 
  have we seen pro-ukrainians fighting for `` independence '' in russia ? 
  am i missing something from your point ? 
   could give putin the buffer/client state he wants without all the costs & strings that annexation/incorporation comes with . 
  yes , but i 'm not sure if thats too easy . 
  first it would mean actual war , which is very expensive , i 'm thinking this is the only reason he did not invade 2 months ago . 
  and the next problem could be actually holding the territory . 
  he might be able to `` liberate '' the east , but who knows if west will not try take it back , so putin would need to keep the forces in the country , which is again very costly and complicated . 
   not that surprising given the state of the russia 's military . 
  if shit does go really bad with ukraine , putin 's gon na wan na know just how combat ready his other troops are and that they 're adjusted to short-notice mobilization . 
  if shit goes bad i think there 's two interesting angles that putin is worried about . 
  first , i do believe that russias abilities would be revealed to the rest of the world and not in the good light . 
  right now russia has upper hand from the `` unknown '' factor . 
  crimea went so well , it left an impression of well run army machine . 
  but in real conflict i have a feeling they would reveal how majority of the troops functions . 
  and that might not be in putins interests . 
  secondly . 
  if he goes for the east he will have to take it . 
  that means very expensive war for who knows for how long . 
  and even if he gets the east , its still going to be very expensive endeavor . 
  i think putin wanted east to separate from ukraine but not part of russia ( as it would be very costly to bump up the living standards quickly ) . 
  but at the moment it seems united ukraine is heading into eu , so putin might have to choose between two bad versions ... 
  well , since the civil war is instigated by russia ( lets not pretend theres anything otherwise ) , i doubt they worry about ukraine army crossing the borders . 
  i 'd say putin playing his usual game , testing the wests reaction . 
  but , on the other hand . 
  they might use actual force at some point , as this civil war is perhaps not leading to where putin wanted it to lead . 
  ukraine still one country , and president clearly heading towards eu . 
   why should i give beggars money when they can just go and get their money from the state ? 
  depends . 
  i do n't know how this `` begging '' is defined . 
  as i actually quite enjoy musicians on the streets for instance . 
  `` beggars '' who actually earn their change or in other words at least try to do something about their shitty situation are more ok in my book . 
  on the other hand . 
  bare bones begging must be so self deprecating , that it could be considered a job too , maybe , i do n't know . 
  but when they say prostitution is the oldest job , i 'd claim its begging . 
  and when it comes to these archaic professions , not sure if anyone ever has been successful in eradicating them . 
   do n't beg , be rich !, 
  how dare you being poor !, 
  next alternative to begging is to be rich ? 
  i think the problem is not in mass immigration per se . 
  i think the problem lies in pc and the softness of the states . 
  if we have tougher attitude , more like us or australia , where if you f up you 'll be deported , things would look quite different . 
   can you be more specific than ` very dark ' ? 
  i do n't know are you being a trolly , because i 'd claim most of the `` pogroms '' or violence towards `` other '' in societies are caused by economical lowpoints in search of scapegoat . 
   we live in the most productive point in human history , we have the resources to allow every living human to live a life free from severe privation . 
  i agree . 
  but the question is . 
  how much of that wealth is average person willing to sacrifice ? 
  have you invited homeless person to your home and just shared your salary with him ? 
  we live in the most productive point thanks to very specific circumstances . 
  starting from education , ending in ruling system and technologies . 
  you think a person coming from outside , without the education nor ability to adapt to the values is suddenly productive piece of the whole ? 
  to run the ( most productive ) system you have to have appropriate pieces , like in any other sophisticated machine . 
  by the way . 
  germany was most advanced on the planet both culturally and production wise , look how well that went . 
  when you evaluate societies and their wellbeing you have to also take into account the human side which is rather vicious , not only the `` look how much we produce '' . 
   yeah , fuck the sanctity of human life . 
  this process of endless migrant pileup that you think is okay can eventually lead to some very dark chapters of history . 
  by saving few right now will potentially lead to deaths of myriads . 
  look at the history , look what human does in times of desperation . 
  when the excess of migrants start affecting the economy big time , the society will be ruthless . 
  i think the only solution is to start turning them back and landing them back in africa or syria just judging by the looks ( extremely politically incorrect i know ) . 
  but if you think that this can go on without horrendous consequences you are naive . 
  if you think i 'm not worried about the lives of these migrants you are very wrong . 
  i 'm just trying to see bit further than just present . 
  i 'm very tired of that shortsighted higher moral ground stance , like the only way to be a good person is to keep the borders open . 
  look where europe is heading . 
  the extreme right is thriving . 
  just 5 years ago it was unthinkable . 
  get another crisis and how far will we go then ? 
  russian embassy is pretty small piece of soil compared to crimea . 
  it 's rather weird that you see ukrainians as the ones who are stepping too far here . 
  but these are just photos . 
  a reality . 
  people will judge whether its negative about russia or not . 
  or is it `` negative '' shelf in your eyes ? 
  or is it neutral ? 
  i 'm in post-soviet country . 
  have n't even heard of jiayu . 
  this guy must have some money in there . 
  just does n't make sense he is so enthusiastic about it , again . 
  what ? 
  for me it makes much more sense `` separatists '' ( i do n't know what to call them since they want to be annexed really ) put down the weapons , not ukrainian army . 
  i do think ukraine should organize some sort of referendum ( for bigger autonomy etc ) . 
  but i absolutely disagree that they should listen to the rebels , since i doubt they have their own agenda , much more likely they just acting out putins plans . 
  kiev should try win over the population , not putin . 
   the fact that these rebels exist and can sustain themselves in the regions is indicative of a major problem that wo n't be solving by indiscriminate violence . 
  you are presuming they are sustaining themselves . 
  yet a lot of people disagree with that assessment . 
  without putins support i doubt he is scheming anything . 
  and i 'm not sure if putin supports him as he kind of screwed up big time . 
   if the people by people you mean 100 guys ? 
  the rebels are very small numbers . 
  yeah , lots of civilians are against current kiev gov.
