  lets imagine there are zoophiles who are interested to talk about it in the meida , but general culture does not accept it hence its frowned upon when someone writes an article or talks about it on air . 
  would you say that there is no freedom of press in that matter ? 
  edit : added quote, 
   the osce describes the military mission osce does not describe military mission , it describes monitoring mission . 
  the monster putin have let out of pandoras box is going to bite his own ass when he loses control over it . 
  nationalism , if it goes to extremes is one of the most terrifying ideologies . 
   how are you different from anyone who was born in this country ? 
  same problem is all over the world with immigration . 
  there are millions or 10 of millions non-citizens all around the world who will get a child who will not become automatically citizen . 
  philosophically we can discuss the moral behind it . 
  but do n't pretend like latvia is some special case in this issue . 
   yes , but in many local city halls like in new york or san francisco , many languages are included e.g. 
  chinese , spanish , russian , etc. . . 
  i yeah , so is in estonia . 
  russian language all over the place . 
  let 's not create an illusion that russian language is somehow illegal here ok . you can easily live here without speaking a word in estonian language and a lot of people do . 
  we are talking strictly the citizenship where you need to pass the test . 
   well it 's the dilemma , there will be more and more people receiving social security benefits and less and less people paying into them . 
  i 'm guessing we ( europeans ) have to get prepared to work til the end of our lives . 
  yes , out of historical and geographical context its significant . 
  but latvia is one of the smallest countries in the world next to one of the largest . 
  so russian minority should really be called * `` minority '' * . 
  on top of that latvia had to go through genocide and half a century of occupation . 
  so in my view , learning the language to get the citizenship , not a big deal . 
  in estonia lot of russian `` non-citizens '' choose not to get the estonian passport because its beneficial to stay non-citizen . 
  they have what its called `` gray passport '' and with that you have open doors to europe and russia . 
  if you take estonian passport russia door closes . 
  keep talking about this stuff out of context , you sound wonderfully moral . 
   on the contrary we give them every opportunity to preserve their culture . 
  a developed country should n't force its own inhabitants ( non-migrants ) to change their lives . 
  no-one asking to change their lives or give up their language , silly . 
  have you heard of people speaking multiple languages ? 
  and latvias language is more precious than most of the european languages not to talk about russian language ( in the sense of being endangered of dying out ) if you are talking about preserving cultures here . 
  in some new york parts russian is the local language . 
  those nazi americans tho ... 
   can you explain me why ? 
  like in russia or almost every country in the world you need to learn the local language to get the citizenship . 
  `` moved '', 
  yes , referendum , 96 % voted for joining . 
  but i think the key question is how `` we '' are gon na handle it . 
  russia wo n't just invade ( because thats article 5 ) . 
  first they will try to polarize and create some illusion of `` civil war '' or something like that . 
  putin had to wait for weakest moment in ukraine to attack . 
  and this is crucial to be able to handle the situation first and foremost ourselves . 
  so in that sense the scale of the army wont matter . 
  it 's the strength of the state and how easily local russians are antagonized . 
   and if putin dares to shoots an latvian nato soldiers nobody would care ? 
  i think there is huge difference , yep . 
  one is a citizen of country of 2 mil and the other is citizen of nr . 
  1 power . 
  nato is great for baltics , but there 's no real guarantees in this world . 
  especially with russia 's tactics destabilize and `` invade from inside '' . 
  annexing baltics is probably doable ( in some extreme scenario ) , but its not as easy as ukraine . 
  our states are in much better condition ( police , military ) and we are not like ukraine in some limbo where we do n't really know what we want , baltics are very determined with their head turned to west . 
   they sent you 150 soldiers , you know that ? 
  yet , putin wo n't dare to shoot single one of them . 
  so it works . 
   do n't worry , the us just sent 150 soldiers . 
  yeah , we know , you said it three times here already . 
  maidan was ukraines internal problem . 
  there is no justification for annexing parts of sovereign country . 
  european countries want to defend themselves from this sort of aggressions , its quite natural and expected consequence . 
  or did russia expect europe not even think about its own safety after that , bit entitled do n't you think ? 
   also the situation in russia is bad enough you do n't need to make shit up . 
  it is n't illegal in russia to criticise putin . 
  did i say illegal ? 
  i 'm saying that people who have enough readership or listeners who criticize putin incidentally often die or go to jail ( politovskaya , navalny ) . 
  plus plenty of newspapers who did n't support kremlin have been closed . 
  what part is made up in my comment ? 
  and i do n't know why are you talking about the history of homosexuality . 
  was it me who said that ** right now ** the situation of free speech in the uk is similar to russia ? 
   we do n't have either of those things in the uk either oh please with the silly talk . 
  are you allowed to talk about gays ? 
  are you allowed to compare cameron to hitler without losing job or going to prison ? 
  how many journalists have died or disappeared for criticizing the government in last ten years ? 
  edit : grammar, 
   so specifically what freedoms have they lost ? 
  freedom of press . 
  freedom of speech . 
  freedom of choosing someone else but putin . 
  and from my perspective , the worst part , they lost hope . 
  at least i can say i would . 
  while ukraine had some hope of becoming a free and democratic country russia seems to be moving in opposite direction . 
   how has life changed for the people living in crimea ? 
  what actual difference does it make if a rich ukranian or russia business man is skimming the profits . 
  you should zoom out a little . 
  if putin does not have consequences to these `` criminal '' acts , you think he is going to stop there ? 
  it 's quite elementary that he will try go further if west will not respond . 
  and what is further ? 
  maybe baltics or poland . 
  you still think it 's not enough reason ? 
  if not . 
  why would he want to stop there . 
  he has his foot in europe . 
  he has no consequences still ( according to your dream policy ) . 
  so you rather have green guys on your boarders , instead of putting a stop to it in the beginning ? 
  fyi . 
  russia is dictatorship . 
  at least ukrainians had some freedoms . 
  if you think life is all about economy , then you really should n't be commenting here .
