  but you can not claim they want new-russia . 
   the only resolution can be discussions with the rebels about their greivances . 
  do they want more autonomy ? 
  disagree . 
  rebels should put the weapons down or die . 
  and only after that should be referendum or whatnot . 
  because you assume that rebels represent people right now . 
   it 's obviously difficult to tell in a proxy war how greatly one side is supported is it really ? 
  only few months ago crimea was annexed , already we see west as equally involved ? 
  does it make sense ? 
  if i see western tanks grabbing chunks of ukraine i will start agreeing with you maybe . 
   but i know the ukrainian response has n't been exactly popular in the areas concerned . 
  ukraine 's non-response was even less popular . 
  ukraine was holding back any violent action for very long time . 
   if there are people who have a problem with being a part of the ukraine , then there should be discussions over the future of the relevant areas . 
  yes , the problem ( for russia ) is that they are in minority right now . 
  how do you change that ? 
  prolong the conflict . 
  make kiev fuck up more and more , which is inevitable in war . 
  actually there was a study ( sorry too lazy to look for it ) that happiest people are somewhere in the middle or upper middle class , not the rich . 
  so yeah , be careful , 
   if russia was arming the rebels they wouldnt send in 3 broken down tanks from the 60 's . 
  they would send in an entire division of modern tanks . 
  i 'd say quite the opposite . 
  this is exactly what they 'd do . 
  this is the style they are involved in ukraine from the beginning ( crimea ) . 
  polls in ukraine and in russia ( if not mistaken ) suggest russian invasion is unwanted . 
  russia needs to prolong and destabilize the situation further , its the only way they are able to sway the opinions . 
  yes . 
  lets equal the both sides even tho russia annexed part of ukraine few months ago . 
  now that russia wants another chunk of ukraine and west tries to prevent that from happening , west is still somehow equally bad . 
   but even if your economy was shit , it was your shitty economy , not the soviet union 's . 
  here , let me break it down for you . 
  finland has/had capitalism , soviet union had communism . 
  estonia was part of soviet union . 
  estonia did not have a choice whether to have capitalism or communism . 
  communism was imposed . 
   not really , soviet economy grew strong and was healthy until the late 70s decline . 
  yeah , it failed , thats what everyone is saying here . 
   soviet sphere of influence also had positives first of all ? 
  estonia was part of su ( occupied ) , not `` sphere of influence '' . 
  you think russians just came in and started building schools ? 
  first they eliminated the `` unwanted '' , pretty similar to what nazis did . 
  people were sent to deathcamps to siberia in cattle cars . 
  after this ideological cleansing they built the schools ( and lets be clear here , pretty shitty schools . 
  estonia was western country on par with finland . 
  soviet union never achieved standards west had ) . 
  anyway , the whole point being it can be pretty offensive to say soviets had positive things too . 
  would you say to a jewish person nazis had positive things too , stop shaming germany ? 
  this, 
  i agree with both of you actually . 
  i think nato should focus with more troops and training on eastern eu and invite finland if they are interested , and just ignore russias rhetorics and trainings . 
  as i believe we should buckle up for cold war 2 . 
  we should get used to lots of trainings and empty gestures on the borders for next couple of decades ... my bet its going to be just like last time where west is not interested in fighting russia and russia has no resources to fight nato . 
  actually did n't go so bad for the west . 
   who is testing boundaries here ? 
  i love how people already forgot crimea . 
  same way as eu ( nor us ) had no power regarding crimea and ukraine , situation is similar regarding nato from russia point of view . 
  i think finland could easily join , russia would just threaten * n * times and thats about it . 
  wow , it seems there is some `` stupid comparison '' virus going on . 
  how is 1990s end of soviet union similar to annexation of crimea ? 
  close , estonian . 
  i 'm criticizing his stupid comparison . 
  hate ? 
  over few lines ? 
  i have no such emotional capabilities . 
  i 'm so dead inside that i have room maybe for only one person to hate . 
   this is why everyone wants to be in the nato nad have good relations with the west instead of being closer to russia . 
  on top of that someone invented notion of `` russophobe '' so it can be applied to russias neighbors who take the western path and rather stay away from their `` sphere of influence '' . 
  and this ...  anti-semitism started world war ii . 
  russofobien can start a third . 
  this guy has diarrhea between his brain wrinkles . . comparing modern finland with nazi germany , and in that context russians with jews . 
  the struggle to somehow turn everyone into a fascist reveals some serious mental health issues russias society is going through right now . 
  rotating nato troops would make most sense . 
  these examples not so good actually , napolean and columbus are pretty far history . 
  i think calling some russian town based on peter the great would n't have controversy . 
  better example would be if some eastern european country would name one of their towns a hitlergrad for instance . 
  i 'm curious how philosophical russians would be about it . 
  edit : i should add that i agree with azog , that it is up to them to decide what to name their city . 
  but we can criticize them as freely . 
  plus there was speculations that black sea has loots of oil under . 
  maybe they knew something that we dont . 
  so it might come out veeery profitable . 
  uuh , cool thanks , i have a good visual memory i suppose , i saw that video once like a month ago or something ( when it was released ) . 
  i think eastern europe is realizing that it has more support from us than eu at this point ( which is idiotic in itself ) . 
  so if western eu is quite critical of us lately , eastern eu sees us more of an ally and is much more forgiving ( nsa ) . 
   c ) death to all russians !, 
  man you are suffering severe self-aggrandisement . 
  nobody cares about your nationality or ethnicity , there are few imperialists who should go to hell though . 
  the nose is very similar . 
  the ear definitely different . 
  but i remember the video without the mustache being on the other side - so it might be flipped image ( other ear ) ? 
   actually , if they want to live in jail it becomes a shelter . 
  wait . 
  this is how you see it or you are trolling ? 
  if you go to jail , you can call it a shelter as much as you want , other people will still say you went to jail . 
  you can change your personal use of words as much as you want , this - * a place for the confinement of people accused or convicted of a crime . 
  penal institution , place of detention , lock-up , place of confinement , guardhouse , correctional facility , detention centre * - is still a jail . 
  first of all . 
  what does he think he can achieve with this ?
