  but i do find that the religions mentioned above are silly and outdated . 
  mainly , that the archaic theories are not seen as equally silly , and not considered all equally possible/not possible - people pick one particular out of 10000 and build their lives around it . 
  in terms of * meaning * . 
  religion do n't answer anything . 
  it only claims that it gives answers , without backing the claims . 
  it 's all about faith and deluding yourself into believing you got the answers . 
  i 'm all for philosophical exploration of notion of * meaning * , but its philosophical endeavor , and clearly that wont do for masses , as it presumes delving into thinking from everyone - which is too optimistic . 
  hence my disappointment of 21-st century . 
  but i 'm realist , and i agree , simple ideas are here to stay and i do n't see humanity changing into `` enlightened '' species anytime soon . 
  and i 'm quite aware of the function of religion in society . 
  i do think there are religious movements and branches of buddhism for instance that are quite sensible , universal and applicable to 21-st century . 
  yup , they did a great job , as they taught me that communist ideology is a failure . 
  it 's interesting that you bring that up though . 
  as i do see some parallels between christianity and communism . 
  both ideas have bit too high expectation from human nature . 
  in both systems the goal sounds great on paper , but is not compatible with reality . 
  i do n't want to be patronizing . 
  but guys . 
  how long does it take for people to realize that christianity , islam and judaism are ridiculous and outdated . 
  they really do n't differ from some whacky archaic greek or egyptian religions where gods live on a mountain or in the sun . 
  existence of god belongs to philosophy . 
  how on earth do we still cling to this one theory like its only option - meaning believe it so deeply that we create institutions around it , especially with such a ridiculous narratives attached to them ( talking snakes and walking on waters ) . 
  am i the only one who feels bit shame how people will view this century in the future ? 
  we had technology , education , space travel , we had so much knowledge of the world and the past and human nature , and yet ... 
   conquered markets some classy rhetorics . 
  nothing is safe , even regular voting . 
  and essentially , your money is neither . 
  with proper cyber attack you can destroy whole economy , nowadays when we are relying on internet more and more . 
  i wonder do you trust much more personal thing , your money being digital , or do you keep it all in cash under your pillow . 
  sorry , i meant to say minimum wages - i think its almost double in greece . 
  with average wage many times higher than what we have here , poor greeks . 
  you conveniently left out `` europe 's biggest threat '' . 
  e-stoners . 
  probably closeted nazi . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't care about the cities . 
  i always look at the nature first . 
  that said . 
  i think the list is bit longer . 
  norway though , is definitely on top . 
  this is about poland . 
  in longer standoff baltics have no chance against russia no matter what gear they get . 
  alliance is our only hope . 
  edit : sorry , you are right . 
  the op is about lithuania . 
  still , as a group it does make a difference . 
  if we do n't work together on this one we will have no chance . 
  yeah , military industry will benefit , but you are not going to win a war with homemade bows either . 
  like its the only thing that gets benefited . 
  country capable of defending itself , who cares , right ? 
  agree . 
  but . 
  it seems everything they do comes to light . 
  not so subtle nor good execution - i guess russia never been good at subtle . 
  i think the main one is they believe vaccines cause autism . 
  well , some people are just less rational than others . 
  see how many religious people out there . 
  and no matter how much rational arguments you throw at them ... 
  i know my friend well enough , he is that type of a guy . 
  if we would live in a poland , he would have to vaccinate , problem solved . 
  edit : for downvoters , i know why . 
  the fact that people are irrational in some areas do n't make them irrational in every sense . 
  there are many scientists who are religious . 
  i have my weaknesses and areas that i 'm quite irrational about , nothing to be ashamed of . 
  we are humans , flawed , emotional beings , not computers . 
  i have nothing against people believing in god . 
  it does n't change the fact that it is irrational belief . 
  it 's a leap . 
  i never tried really debate the issue , as i 'm afraid it might lead to some real conflict ( kids are involved ... and i have none . 
  so risky to go into that territory , these sorts of things so emotionally loaded ) . 
  thats why i hope one day my government will fix it for me :d lol, 
  well , like i said , the situation is so complicated . 
  you do n't just dump someone you spent your whole life with , even if you disagree with him on something very important . 
  anyway , at least i could n't do it . 
  so my method is just to ignore the topic like a plague . 
  i hope there is some diplomatic pressure on some level ( and i 'm sure there is ) . 
  but i have n't heard of anything `` tangible '' . 
  we know that russia is not motivated to do anything if someone sends a letter of concern . 
  you do n't pick your childhood friends , its like family . 
  good !, 
  my childhood friend , best friend , is anti-vacc guy . 
  he has not vaccinated 2 of his kids . 
  i 've never confronted him about it and never will . 
  the dynamics of him being stupid and our life long friendship is beyond my ability to maneuver in the complexities sustaining the friendship and changing his mind . 
  it would be like walking in a nuclear minefield ... 
   now seriously , russia has been talking about its nukes a lot these past few months . 
  according to brzezinski ( he stated that already 6 months ago ) , russia wants to revive the fear of nuclear war . 
  it gives putin leverage when negotiating with the west the change of post cold war `` spheres of influences '' . 
  yup . 
  i 'm surprised estonia did n't keep two of those ex-kgb guys they caught `` fishing '' . 
  first of all . 
  i disagree about us not getting anything good from brussels . 
  i 'm certain there is a level of security with eu . 
  even though if russia would want to crack the union by attacking one of its members , it could do that no doubt . 
  but it would be still much more hurtful to russia than attacking non-eu country , as we can already see with ukraine . 
  but i agree with you in case of kohver and perhaps in case of hybrid scenarios , there 's no help from fellow members who have actual leverage . 
  great !, 
  and not only for ireland . 
  its one more step towards pushing `` in-betweeners '' to act too . 
  unfortunately its not going to happen anytime soon where i live .
