  i do n't see how is that an argument here . 
   also the pattern of damage caused by projectiles from what i have seen from photos does n't match the one usually made by 50-100kg warhead of a buk missile ( the spread is much bigger , almost 20m and the damage is greater ) . 
  german intelligence disagree with you . 
  but i guess somehow i have to believe a commentator on internet and assume conspiracy on german side . 
   for example , the current pushed by mainstream media version is the most ridiculous of all them . 
  ok this is interesting . 
  how is separatists shooting down a plane by accident ( mistaking it for ukrainian cargo ) is ridiculous ? 
   i 'm just saying he can be firmly established on the western political right . 
  actually . 
  western political right , correction , far-right is where putin finds his support . 
  but i do n't see how snyders interpretations of nkvd makes him anti-russian per se . 
  i think its quite feasible that bolsheviks were inspiration and `` learning-book '' for many upcoming dictatorships in europe . 
  this is rather common thing where countries copy parts of the system and integrate them . 
  even now . 
  china trying to be singapore . 
  russia trying to be china . 
  hungary trying to be russia . 
  putin loves to feed conspiracy theories to his people . 
  except one about apartment bombings in moscow . 
  because it makes sense that you give a choice if person actually wants your citizenship or does n't . 
  it was that moment in the history where russians who came here had to choose what to do , many of them went back to russia , many of them stayed and applied for citizenship and many of them did n't ( as grey passport gives you visa free life to both eu and russia ) . 
  they do have a choice to get estonian passport rather easily . 
  this grey passport has benefits that a lot of russian speakers seem to prefer . 
  we are not russia , we do n't impose our citizenship on others . 
  2nd grade ? 
  what you talking about ? 
  bare in mind , i 'm half russian . 
  so i 'm real curious what theory you have there ( i 'm assuming about me and my family ) . 
  its a bit offtopic , but then again not really . 
  can we as eu or nato buy those mistrals from france . 
  how is that politicians are still not talking about some sort of solution ? 
  in light of latest wacky stuff russia has done ( which is pretty much weekly now and escalating ) i think that even sweden should be worried about russia getting the warships designed for invasion . 
   with the help of neo-nazis . 
  and i hope you realize russia used nazi tactics ( by that i mean what actually nazis did historically and that invasion was based on ideologically nationalistic arguments ) to annex part of sovereign country . 
   what they have little experience with is the concept of multiple sources with different biases and triangulating towards the truth . 
  i absolutely agree its more nuanced and the points you brought are very much valid . 
  philosopher should be definitely skeptical of that kind of approach sure . 
  but he can not deny it either . 
  we can not deny emotions , as most of our judgements are locked in with our emotions . 
  for me the question is how far can we go with `` practical '' and productive in the jail system . 
  imagine a jail where you go in and they just give you a pill and you are `` cured '' and let free . 
  and imagine you are a father of a daughter who has been raped and murdered in most horrific way . 
  would you be content with murderer just eating a pill ( knowing he wont do anything like that never again ) . 
  i 'm quite torn here . 
  i do n't know if i 'd have that much power of forgiveness in me . 
  i would want that person to pay for the actions , have some consequences . 
  and the question for me is that wrong to feel that way . 
  and should we create our society ignoring the feelings or should we take them into account . 
  agree , it was n't * major * plane crash , it was * total * plane crash . 
  my conspiracy theory is that sweden pretty much owns baltic states ( through banks ) . 
  and when russia decides go after one of us , they need to know how ready sweden is too , as they might be pretty pissed losing all that unpaid loans ( probably banks would collapse ) . 
  edit : on serious note , i just think putin going back to his roots - cold war . 
  edit2 : just read another rather plausible `` theory '' . 
  and its about controlling the baltic sea in case of future conflict with one of the nato baltic countries . 
  so in essence its part of the exercise to cut out sweden as one of the potential supply country . 
  lol . 
  there are more gay people in russia ... thank god its illegal to speak about them tho / s, 
  yes , i see your point and ca n't argue with you there . 
  as we can not say 100 % which one was it . 
  at least we can hope you are right on this one and things are not as bad as they look . 
  is it just me but the title is one dirty innuendo . 
   putin has lots of support among the less literate people and the guy probably knew what ** he was getting into when he wrote that message on his car . 
  ** good old victim blaming . 
  but if russia would be democratic country i 'd go with your initial argument that two idiots attacking someone does n't make it putins fault . 
  but russia has clearly a system put in place by ** one guy ** that cultivates this sort of thing . 
  something like with ussr , everyone against the system is enemy of the state . 
  if you would go with anti-stalin sticker ( lets ignore the fact you 'd go to jail ) you would probably get beaten by some brainwashed `` patriots '' too . 
  i 'm not saying russia is ussr , but all the signs are indicating of movement towards it . 
   is n't it good to be critical regarding all news sources ? 
  this is obvious . 
  everyone makes a mistake or lies sometimes . 
  but systematic lying is different story . 
  west has always been critical towards their news as there is plural viewpoints and competition within . 
  the difference between west and russia is that west still has journalism . 
  russia on the other hand , when it comes to sensitive issues to kremlin , there is no reporting , only politics in order to control the masses . 
  bias is totally different issue . 
  and i think people tend to make a mistake here too often . 
  people think that journalism should have zero bias . 
  but it is not so . 
  western journalist mostly do tend to have western values for instance ( that might also reflect in their work ) . 
  i do n't see any problem here . 
  if someone ( from west ) makes an article about killing dolphins in japan , its clearly a bias already . 
  western media being critical towards russias regime and vice versa is fine with me . 
  bombardment of blatant lies to serve autocrat with no-one to challenge the lies is what i would oppose here . 
  edit : grammar, 
  agree fully . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm very skeptical . 
  but i was also skeptical of soft-handed rehabilitation at first . 
  but numbers prove me wrong . 
  sidelining the issue a little . 
  i think that perhaps scandinavian system lacks the human sense of justice . 
  we do want to see criminal to be punished , its very human i think . 
  but is it right or wrong , i do n't know . 
  perhaps some philosopher of ethics could have a good argument for or against it . 
  i 'm actually pretty interested to see what are the results going to be . 
  sometimes this `` punishment '' thingy can be pretty counterintuitive . 
  was n't finland or denmark very successful in turning convicts into good citizens , while us with its harsh treatment has huge percentage of convicts going back to jail after release . 
   before responding please remind yourself of the fact that you likely know very little of russia and you are watching the country trough a tiny tiny window same could be said about north korea . 
  well , about any country , really . 
  ask scandinavia .
