  `` but i hear eastern europe is plenty rich with lots of vacant real estate and unlimited job opportunities , lets send them there . 
  we do n't want to go there , but sure refugees do . '', 
  definitely less tolerant towards jews ... 
  agree . 
  the headline should be `` putin met some lady in a hat . 
  oh yeah , berlusconi was there too . '', 
  well , if 1,4 million is on the streets , its quite remarkable , an at least earns a referendum . 
  well , estonians are not slavs to begin with . 
  and i would say that the reaction is conservative in a nutshell . 
  you could draw parallels with us conservatives , who are very much against immigrants ( worrying about the death of western culture bla bla ) . 
  we , of course , have quite idiosyncratic historic baggage . 
  but i would n't over dramatize the bizarreness , its just conservative in particular cultural/historical context , thats all . 
  well , i ca n't be responsible for all of the population where i live . 
  i agree the culture here is much more conservative . 
  but i say there is certain amount of value in that too , as it is also more `` real '' . 
  i worked in progressive west for 5 years . 
  not picking berries , but in film industry , where you meet relatively intelligent people . 
  and i 'll say that the veil of morality and culture is rather thin . 
  i saw a lot of surface level pc and hypocrisy and not much essence . 
  and i 'm saying that being the biggest supporter of western values and not disregarding all of the progress happening thanks to west . 
  i just think west quite often too indulge in zooish behavior , without capability noticing it as riding on high horse people have very little time for introspection . 
  i was joking , but okay , eastern europe is a zoo . 
  i hope you understand and realize how much arrogance your comment is carrying . 
  we can debate , but lets not use such coarse language , mkay , does n't make you look any less zooey . . 
  for a second there i thought it might be italy ( china ) . 
  not wanting to be too serious but ... germany is kind of invading whole europe with `` minority '' they invited . 
  not only eu countries are obliged to let in german guests , but also non-eu ( norway , switzerland ) face the `` invasion '' . 
  you could argue its a weird twisted 4th reich . 
  and their version of islam is one of the most conservative ( in other words , fucked ) . 
  so thanks , saudis . 
  saving banks . 
  with our money . 
  as always . 
  i 'm sure there are legal ways to apply to get reunited with your family - i mean , its probably far more safe and effective way than start marching and risk getting deported or something . 
  plus , we have to take his word as true . 
  i mean , its not the best timing to go marching with huge mass of people , knowing there is pretty huge backlash for such things at the moment in europe . 
  anyway ... 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm alone thinking its bit questionable . 
  denmark , a second syria . 
  or actually 10th or something , i do n't know how many countries are between syria and sweden . 
  i actually had to project his voice to this article , as quite the opposite , i found the text surprisingly non-zizekian . 
  this is true and at the same time false . 
  you are totally dismissing the fact that sometimes your `` good '' intentions have bad consequences in the long run . 
  i 'd say its irresponsible to send signals of `` welcome '' to immigration . 
  first of all , sweden is not alone in europe , as it will lead to `` quotas '' and it in itself leads to division in europe . 
  not to speak about the worse of the worse of the consequences , the rise of far right . 
  the thing is , in my opinion , the magazines and journalists who publish this type of messages are rather shortsighted and do n't realize that the worst impacts ( of far-right and radical division in society ) will be carried by refugees and minorities , not white , middle class journalists . 
  it 's easy to moralize if you have no personal costs . 
  i 'm talking about decision making . 
  us dragged everyone in with them . 
  without us it would have just kept going and going and going . 
  europe did n't care about kosovo too . 
  its only when us stepped in the conflict got resolved . 
  this last comment was semi-jokingly , satirically . 
  of course i do n't think germans do n't care if something happens in italy , and of course i do n't think merkel will go nuts . 
  i 'm speculating . 
  depends where it happens . 
  if in italy , yeah germans wont care . 
  if in berlin , merkel will rise with a vengeance ... 
  i think they 'll probably have some sort of organized attack with hundreds , maybe thousands of victims . 
  of course , i hope it will never happen . 
  but the probabilities are rather high , knowing some of the isis will come back and they 'll be bored . 
  it 's only matter of time when europe will have its 9/11 . 
  putin is pushing nationalism button , thats where his support coming from lately . 
  nationalism in its efficiency often surpasses wellbeing , but that fuel also do n't last forever . 
  russias economy is suffering ( mostly due to oil price ) and eventually it will undermine even the nationalistic high . 
  unless , of course , putin has few more tricks in his sleeve . 
  would definitely improve our situation if sweden would join . 
  what are the others supposed to do ? 
  refugees want to go to germany . 
  are we supposed to kidnap them on the way , so that merkel would n't be frustrated ? 
  and it really bothers me that there does n't seem to be any other `` option '' than finishing schengen or `` sanctioning '' members etc. 
  it does n't make sense that we ( as eu ) can come up only with punishing ourselves , instead of trying solve the problem by protecting borders and helping refugees outside eu . 
  redditor for 9 minutes . 
  i support immigration , but within a frame of common sense . 
  there are times when we can open the doors and there are times when we have to close them . 
  my main argument to temporarily minimize the immigration , as europe is in political crisis , if there is no swift action we will see far-right and eurosceptics rise to power , that might destabilize this place into even worse condition - and that is no good for nobody , for locals and for future immigrants . 
  interesting comparison . 
  it was mostly media blaming merkel of being destructive ( mostly left ) . 
  but then again , its an impression i got , i ca n't be 100 % sure that i am accurate . 
  yes , that makes more sense actually . 
  during greece crisis there was article accusing merkel of destroying eu almost every day , clearly most of them coming from the left . 
  during refugee crisis i 've seen zero . 
  all of a sudden , left is not worried about eu anymore ... 
  i say merkel is truly the biggest threat to eu lately . 
  and i 'm starting to think she is doing it on purpose - she ca n't be that oblivious to the consequences of her proposals/decisions ? 
  i do n't think you 'll get anyone on your side calling some group of people subhumans , whatever crime committed . 
  whatever the border-guards job is . 
  stop people from illegally entering the country . 
  yeah , force is used , but thats how borders are protected , thats the only way . 
  create safezones in libya ( or some neighboring country ) and choose the asylum seekers there . 
  like i said , it will only soften the blow . 
  we ca n't stop 100 % , of course . 
  yeah , that region is n't unstable enough . 
  we should take care of the refugees already arrived . 
  but next year lets put some money on guarding eu borders , mkay ? 
  it will at least soften the blow we are facing for decades . 
  sure , i agree its all relative . 
  but change happens slowly . 
  you are comparing times that are hundred years apart .
