  5 years ago it was taboo to speak about anything problematic in regards to immigration and integration . 
  perhaps this craziness we see now blows over at some point and we will land somewhere in the sensible middle . 
  at 0.31 a man kicks girl lying on the ground in the face . 
  karma wise he deserves cancer ... sorry . 
  you think they are going use their techniques on my grandparents or my children ? 
  they are war criminals , they should be tried , but i doubt these guys bring violence with them . 
  i 'd be more worried about religious fundamentalists . 
  hope them freeze to death ? 
  really ? 
  punish them because sweden invited them ? 
   last month , german newspaper die welt ran an article by the polish-born princeton university professor jan t gross in which he sought to explain ** poland 's wariness of accepting syrian migrants streaming into europe by referring to anti-semitism during the war . 
  ** lol . 
  imagine explaining the fence on mexican-us border with linking it to genocide of native americans . 
  another political hypocricy of our times . 
  in every other subject western culture dictates that we do n't blame a person for his parents crimes , not to speak about far ancestors . 
  these guys are there just to boost their petty egos , to feel morally superior , special ... or there is something intellectually wrong with them , as blaming kids for this is on another level entirely . 
  i think its more about political independence . 
  russia ca n't blackmail germany . 
  lol . 
  he is probably alienated from many aspects of life . 
  most rich people are , including politicians . 
  for a second there i was hoping it was about sweden . 
  thats a great point . 
  good point , and i agree , the chances he will change the economy are slim . 
  just goes to show how slim the chances are for reform even further down the road with new leaders . 
  there 's no long term plans in any of democracies , they all live in 4-5 year election cycles . 
  i 'd argue quite the opposite . 
  if anyone can do it in russia its putin . 
  he has support and can go pretty far with radical reforms . 
  if putin wo n't do it in next 10 years , then yeah , russia is fucked for the next half a century , or whenever new `` stalin/great leader '' appears . 
  these guys will change nothing . 
  they are part of the system , part of the problem . 
  soviets were far from progressive . 
  in 80 's the attitudes towards gays were even worse than 2015 . 
   the data set begins in 1989 , when sex between men was criminal under soviet law and could carry a five-year jail sentence ( the law did n't mention women ) . 
  at the time , 35 percent of respondents to the levada poll thought lgbt people should be liquidated , and 28 percent said they should be isolated from society . 
  i 'd say it was cultivated by state - which explains the rise of anti-gay opinion . 
  remember , state owns the media in russia , hence is able to manipulate the opinions a great deal . 
  if he would be super popular he really would n't need to control the media and opposition , would he ? 
  merkel is popular . 
  this guy ... well , he needs to control the truth and get rid of some people ... he is a fraud . 
  i see bad ruling in russia the way i see bad ruling in west . 
  to certain degree , yes , we are all responsible . 
  but then again . 
  things like corporations influencing politics in us and eu more and more are something that nobody likes , yet we feed the same corporations and system due to our consumption habits and comfort zone . 
  nowadays the only way to change the system is probably blood and war . 
  and we do n't want that , at least not yet , its not worth it . 
  i can imagine similar situation with putin in russia . 
  nobody really knows what putin thinks , so all of the analysts speculate in that matter . 
  in my opinion very plausible premise and conclusion . 
  it 's not original , i 've heard it before , but in my opinion this line of thought is the most realistic in regards to russian adventure in syria . 
  ahh . . ethnic nationalism showing its face . 
  i would like the whole world to be on our side ( pro-gay rights ) , so yes , we do . 
  i agree , failure on `` our '' part . 
  but its seems to be also a very universal problem . 
  almost all european countries having same issues . 
  i 'd say the problem is that europe is ethnicity centric , which ultimately excludes `` others '' . 
  we need to change our ideology into civic nationalism . 
  oppression of opposition and control of media puts putin into authoritarian category . 
  north korea is not democracy even though kim get 99 % of votes . 
  at least by western standards . 
  of course , every country can define their own democracy , not going to argue that . 
  if we want to win them over , we should n't say things like that . 
  it 's the populist and irresponsible behaviour of government that needs to be addressed . 
  russia was on the crossroad at some point , and putin turned the country towards fascism - and we should be talking about that , not about how `` bad '' the * people * are . 
   russian law became more liberal during the 1990s , largely thanks to western political pressure , and public opinion seemed to follow . 
  gay sex was decriminalized in 1993 and in 1999 homosexuality was removed from a list of mental disorders . 
  in that year , 15 percent of russians wanted gay people liquidated , and 23 percent wanted them ostracized , while another 16 percent said they should be `` helped . '', 
   but since then , intolerance has grown . 
  now , 21 percent of people want to see lgbt people liquidated , and another 37 percent advocate separating them from society , the poll found . 
  in estonia there 's interesting reflection of russian influence and `` radicalisation '' of local russian youth . 
  there was recent polls here in regards to lgbt rights , and quite expectedly the ethnic estonian population was divided in two , older soviet generation was much more conservative than youth . 
  but with local russian population it was the other way around . 
  meaning , the elderly soviet generation are still conservative , but youth are even more so . 
  probably a failure of integration and influence of russian media causing this weird flip . 
  and like someone already pointed out here . 
  it is so ironic how the left is actually often pro-putin ( pro-russian ) here . 
  while right is anti-putin ( anti-russian ) , while actually sharing the same views . 
  europe is going through some serious schizophrenic stage when it comes to worldviews lately . 
  one thing they are all consistent in is hypocrisy . 
  i meant uk . 
  but now that you showed the kingdom of great britain , i agree it looks even better , 
   i do not believe this has anything to do with russian aggression toward its neighbors . 
  these deployments come amidst rising tensions between the west and russia following syrian airstrikes . 
  wow , you have a short memory . 
  that could actually be very true , and i agree it does n't have to be easy . 
  but i also would want people to admit that the people we are letting in are worse than our far-righters when it comes to worldview , and things like anti-semitism and unequal treatment of women and gays are package deal . 
  british . 
  thanks uk , your support much appreciated . 
  glad to see european troops backing our security too . 
  good luck being globally competitive with cultivating that kind of culture . 
  that is most baffling to me . 
  last couple of years her mouth has been more destructive than put all refugee and euro crisis together . 
  i wonder if she knows that there 's a bit of a wealth gap between east and west . 
  i suggest her to come here and try to do all the amazing things she imagines with the budget we have . 
  that rich arrogance of hers is truly annoying and not constructive at all . 
  has she any diplomatic skills at all or is she just saying this shit for internal german political scapegoatism . 
  lets do everything we can to total aliens and strangers and fuck over the relatives . 
  merkel is so destructive to european project its scary . 
  you very nuanced , very smart , everyone else very simpleminded , stupid .
