  i 'm stupid in general . 
  can someone explain in simple terms what would that deal mean for both ? 
  yes , i do n't disagree with you on that . 
  but like i said . 
  throughout the conflict there 's been heaps of bullshit ( headlines ) posted here and there . 
  the only way to get semi-coherent picture of the situation was to wait and see more info from different sources . 
  i thought we kind of learned it by now . 
  i mean yes , in the perfect world it would be great if every video on youtube was backed with several supporting evidence etc , but this is war and people have agendas . 
  anyway . 
  i agree with you in general . 
  just think you stating the obvious . 
  threatening other side with nuclear weapons , trespassing sovereign borders with jets and bombers pretty much weekly all around the world , kidnapping people and accusing them of spying for show , starting war in europe , annexing big chunks of land based on nationalistic sentiments . 
  i think russia is beyond cold war genetics , more like pre cold war . 
  true , but usually its easily confirmable ( or not ) when the news hit next day . 
  this video alone is of course nothing substantial . 
  but i do n't know why bother pointing that out . 
  this has been the pattern for months now . 
  video in the dark without any identifiable objects or people is not enough to prove something ... wow , really eye opening and useful contribution , thank you . 
  i wonder how do you get more context in this kind of situation ? 
  pro ukrainian protester is frightened , had 2 co-protesters `` disappear '' and yet she is openly saying she is pro-ukrainian in public and on camera with nothing happening to her . 
  paranoia much ? 
  so courage do n't make sense to you . 
  says more about you than her . 
   but fascists do n't sit in every country 's government . 
  definition of fascism - an authoritarian and nationalistic right-wing system of government and social organization . 
  now according to this who 's more fascist ukraine or russia . 
   no democracy and freedom of expression for those who oppose or criticize democracy ( or , rather , status quo ) '' , which is a very frightening , undemocratic , however paradoxical it may seem , and even threatening phenomenon to true democracy . 
  i disagree . 
  there is no paradox . 
  its like with so called `` not tolerating intolerant '' . 
  embracing democracy does n't have to come with acceptance of destruction of democracy . 
   i feel that the biggest threat to democracy in the west are not terrorists and putin , but `` political ( over ) correctness '' -- opposing views are o.k. 
  as long as they fit a certain spectrum and as long as they do n't hurt anyone 's feelings . 
  that 's quasi-democracy . 
  i agree that political correctness is a bitch , but i would n't go as far as saying its biggest threat . 
  and i find rather confusing why should opposing views be embraced by everybody ? 
  if vaclav klaus ' speech is cancelled due to his ... i do n't know , lets say anti-gay marriage attitude , does the world obliged to listen to him even if nobody wants to ? 
  edit : anyway , just want to say , i hate when rich white men say they feel oppressed . 
  according to them we live in a dictatorship ruled by some gay minority bla bla ... poor white man can not speak bla bla . 
  i agree there is quite solid problem with political correctness in west . 
  but are we oppressed ? 
  thats just ridiculous . 
  he says this  this is something i had experienced in the communist era but not in so-called free europe . 
  and this  to compare the current russia with leonid brezhnev 's soviet union is stupid so according to him , its okay to compare europe to ussr but if someone compares russia to ussr then stupid . 
  i really hope its west 's countertrolling to russias `` supermarket '' bs . 
  that in reality us and eu are arming ukraine using poland as a `` shop '' . 
  russia needs some taste of its own medicine . 
  well mostly us actually . 
  but even us would need allies in europe to be on the same page if it would have to go against russia . 
   you want a revolution against a ** democratically elected ** government in another country just because you do n't like them ? 
  controlling media , killing off journalists , repressing critics , jailing opposition . 
  how is that democratically elected ? 
   you have a really flawed understanding of right-wing nationalist politics . 
  [ nigel farage : stop opposing vladmir putin in ukraine and join forces to defeat islamic terrorists ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/11098811/nigel-farage-stop-opposing-vladmir-putin-in-ukraine-and-join-forces-to-defeat-islamic-terrorists.html ) - the ukip leader said that western countries must stop `` playing war games in ukraine and poking the `` russian bear with a stick '' because mr putin is `` on our side '' in the war against islamic extremism . 
  [ crisis in ukraine is ` all eu 's fault ' -- france 's marine le pen ] ( http://rt.com/news/185616-eu-pen-crisis-ukraine/ ) - i have a certain admiration for the man [ putin ] . 
  he proposes a patriotic economic model , radically different than what the americans are imposing on us , '' said marine le pen . 
  no , its legitimate question . 
  they are anti us and eu but pro-putin . 
  they might see russias incursion as justified . 
   well he 's going to get a big surprise when he tries something on poland or the baltics , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  what about if in few years farage and le pen get in power . 
  edit : grammar, 
  just change putin to stalin in this song and you 'll travel in time . 
   nato fighters policing baltic airspace were scrambled 68 times along lithuania 's borders this year , by far the highest count in more than 10 years . 
  68 times !, 
  like wtf !, 
  russia is truly a mafia state . 
  country run by generation of people who succeeded in 90 's . 
  extortion , bullying , terror and aggression - language of the elite . 
  bordering a terrorist definition as what else it is than using a terror to get their objective . 
  how can anyone call that modern country . 
  fuck russia and its methods and its tradition of fucking with closest countries . 
  fucking tired of being your neighbor . 
  fuck you russia , seriously . 
   we can not win , if we do not throw them out , and all who support their sick ideas . 
  well thats my point . 
  put them to jail for 15 years . 
  most terrorists are some young guys . 
  15 years will change them into old men who is afraid of death . 
  and the ones who do n't want to go to jail will stay in syria . 
  win/win . 
  make fighting for isis a crime and problem solved . 
  if you come back from syria or iraq you go to jail . 
  by the time you finish your sentence your balls are saggy and you do n't feel like flying planes into buildings anymore . 
  better jail few hundred than watch few hundred innocent folk get killed . 
   and worst even , we 'll likely lose many civil liberties over this i agree this is the worst part . 
  chances of getting killed by terrorist is like losing life by lightning . 
  yet we do n't deal with terrorists like regular criminals , we go batshit insane invade defenseless countries and make our free societies into police states . 
  there is no rationality after one decapitation . 
  everything sensible goes down the toilet and reactions are purely emotional . 
  and i bet politicians love it . 
  as probably many of them are psychopaths without any emotions observing `` ooh . . look at all those easily manipulated donkeys '' and exploit the situation 110 % . 
  which is our fault too , i ai n't one of those who blame politicians in everything . 
  its collective us who 's stupid . 
  this is probably what they are preparing for . 
  yes , thats right !, 
  it seems my shitty memory blended his two names into strelkin . 
  lol . 
  brilliant film !, 
  sorry amazon .
