  in other words , my subjective opinion does not match orbans subjective opinion . 
  and `` average joe '' is not a objective opinion , just so you know . 
  well , i just do n't think countries with limited freedoms are successful . 
  success is freedom and the wealth in my book . 
  me and orban have different definition of that . 
  who knows for how long they are going to be able to keep authoritarian regime though . 
  it 's still to be seen . 
  what i 'm saying is that if i was a male there i would n't be happy . 
  fate of my female relatives or all the rest of females would affect my happiness in negative way - not the way around as you suggest . 
  why would i be envious of country where my mother or my daughter ( or in fact any woman ) has little opportunities . 
  he `` found '' it from the work place , clearly the only logical step would leave the phone at the info or administration table . 
  selling it meant stealing it in my opinion . 
  i think its not about overlooking banderas crimes . 
  it 's about putin and his pals not being consistent , blaming others of something what they themselves do ( even more , while ukraine 's praising of bandera is more or less a myth , with only minority seeing him as a hero , russia is defending stalin on the highest level and creating new stalin statues all over the place ) . 
  estonia - ekre some ( not me ) would argue they are not far-right as some of their members are just christian conservatives . 
  but they have few jewels too , a young idiot praising hitlers economy in his blog few years back ( he was caught stealing iphone at his last job , and he is in the parliament !!! ) . 
  they got in to parliament first time since ever , and i could n't despise them and their views more . 
  i 've read bulgakov in original . 
  probably few dostoyevsky 's too . 
  wow georgia , you are an island !, 
  definitely works from dostoyevsky . 
  most amazing writer in the history . 
  also big fan of bulgakov - particularly because of `` master and margarita '' . 
  well , stalin was mad dictator murdering millions , what is your point ? 
  defending stalin 's cooperation with nazis and at the same breath criticizing bandera for doing the same thing . 
  it 's okay to celebrate stalin but its fascist to celebrate bandera . 
  conveniently russians acted very similar to germans ( mass murdering and sending civilians to death camps ) . 
  and not to mention the fact that russia was the one who `` honored '' the pact even after the war , staying in eastern europe . 
  strategically baltics are not in any better situation . 
  we are pretty much an island next to russia . 
  mass murder and deportation was part of `` self-defense '' ? 
  after the war was over they did n't have any choice but to occupy the territories ? 
  what do you mean they had a lot to do - can you be more specific ? 
  and is that comparable to sizing a huge chunk of land - in other words , starting bloody war that is still ongoing . 
   us plays just as much of a role as russia does lol . 
  the part where us annexed piece of ukraine was pretty bad . 
  speculation of `` things might have been worse '' does n't make the pain of half a century occupation and thousands of murdered and ruined lives go away . 
  massive crimes like that have an impact on societies , what else can i say . 
  expecting us to be quiet just because `` theoretically nazis were worse '' is kind of ... 
  i do n't like this word but `` offensive '' . 
  edit : word, 
  well , for starters , us nor uk did not sent my relatives to deathcamps . 
  try harder . 
  i just showed you why both sides , nazi germany and ussr are comparable * from our point of view * . 
  you can keep talking about defeating nazis all you want , it wont erase the crimes of ussr . 
  `` hate '' is rather weird notion in this context . 
  i 'm not a teenager you know . 
  i can ask my grandmother who was not jewish , yet her family was executed and she was sent to gulag . 
  for what ? 
  for some vague communist goal ? 
  this is our experience with ussr . 
  say what you will about ideology , the action is what matters . 
  i 'm half russian by the way . 
  and both grandmothers have experienced the `` victory '' . 
  russian grandmother was sent to poland by the germans , during ww2 . 
  she said she was treated well . 
  but when russians `` liberated '' , she was sent back in cattle train , treated like shit - in her car kid was shot by russian officer for crying . 
  so i 'm not talking about some kind of theoretical history book crap , these are memories and people that are still alive . 
  it was one evil against the other . 
  how it morphs into a a good thing is what i have problems understanding . 
  why would we celebrate evil ? 
  yeah , western part of europe got lucky and avoided stalins curtain . 
  good for them . 
  but please , lets stop ignoring the fact that east and west had totally different experience of the `` victory '' . 
  sure . 
  whats your point ? 
  i 'm having a feeling you are the one who 's missing the direction here . 
  yes , i understand its a party for russia . 
  but for many countries in eastern europe it meant a tragedy , the loss of freedom and beginning of long period of occupation , deportations and repressions . 
  russia can ignore that all they want , do n't care . 
  but do n't impose that view on the countries that suffered , its offensive . 
  ironically , your best pal putin just had patriotic party of the century with patriots jerking off at `` military might '' rolling on the street ... but lets totally ignore that . 
  you did n't use word `` patriot '' . 
  are you okay ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  are you high ? 
   besides , i bet the baltics , poland and other countries who 're anti-russian do similar things . 
  you seem to be very well informed . 
  definitely . 
  they spread the virus . 
  bad , very bad for society . 
  one man decided . 
  he knows . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index top countries happen to be western countries . 
  there 's no perfect society . 
  no shit . 
  i have no idea why even point that out , unless you are trying to equate norway with north korea . 
  we have far-right populists in government , first time . 
  they are really the worse . 
  every week they hit news with something idiotic . 
  and this trend of stupidity seems to be happening all across europe simultaneously . 
  i did n't say losing weight is easy . 
  having healthy body , learning new skills , expanding your knowledge , maintaining good social life etc etc , all these things require an effort . 
  and all of them have general simple rules to get there . 
  we can argue about the details and technicalities , but its not my intention . 
  i meant it semi-jokingly . 
  clearly , theoretically what i say is true , but unfortunately we are unable to apply it to society . 
  eating less is universal solution for obesity . 
  whatever your eating habits . 
  edit : i can love mcdonalds and stay slim , it all depends on quantity .
