  all i 'm suggesting is that eu should perhaps wait with accepting serbia to the union . 
  headline `` kremlin is trying to erase memories of the gulag '' . 
  response `` but usa bla bla ... ! '' . 
  russias mainstream media is full of conspiracy theories . 
  might be just part of their tactics . 
  ( now i sound like a conspiracy theorist myself ), 
  that is valid point . 
  but we do know there is actually `` comment army '' working for kremlin - so we have a good reason to believe some of the portion is coming from them . 
  but i do n't think they have influence in the sense of changing peoples opinions in the positive sense . 
  but i do think they have a effect of creating chaos and confusion , illusion that there is no clear truth but everything is relative etc. 
  should there be different views , lets say , on isis within europe ? 
  should there be a country in eu that supports isis for instance ? 
  i do n't blame serbia for being pro-russia and at the same time going for eu partnership . 
  if i were eu though , i do n't know if i 'd like to have another member that divides the union further . 
  union is supposed to be united by definition . 
  creating a union that is internally polarized kind of loses the purpose . 
  judging by the amount of comments there is more russian readers than western readers which does n't make sense ( not only western world is like a billion of people vs 150 million russians , but according to some polls 90 % of russians get their news from local tv not the internet ) . 
  this unbalanced amount of commenting does indicate on more than just opinions . 
  wow . 
  the fact that western outlets are drowned under putin defending comments is pretty telling how this war has internet front too . 
  irony is that putin supposedly despises internet , yet uses it ( with massive spamming to muddy the waters ) more than anyone else . 
   `` serbia is on its european union path and it will not sway from that road , '' he said after his meeting with putin . 
   instead -- and despite warnings from the eu -- serbia is hoping to capitalize on russia 's ban on western goods by signing deals with putin that would increase food exports to russia . 
  lets get more countries in the eu that will divide the `` union '' in every way possible even further ... make sense / s. 
  2.3 billion is freaking crazy . 
  and nigeria 400 million !, 
  just crazy crazy numbers . 
  the world is truly going to be tested in the future . 
   not that africa has anything to do with this but either we start opening our borders to immigration or we 'll be an old 's people home-continent . 
  yeah , i think there will be a problem if you open the borders to uneducated and unskilled people . 
  first of all , do n't post russian news links here if you want to sound credible . 
  according to russian news ukraine is run by fascists and there is no russian soldiers in ukraine . 
  so start from a beginning . 
  where exactly is neo-nazism in latvia now ? 
   by the way , which soviet leader carried out the genocide of women , children , and the elderly ? 
  the answer is none of them . 
  deporting a few thousand landowners , speculators , and other trash to siberia is n't even remotely in the same league as murdering hundreds of thousands of innocent people because of their ethnic group . 
  you are truly delusional . 
  women and children were deported to gulag amongst men . 
  in baltics over 100 thousand . 
  if you say they were trash , you are classical chauvinist nazi . 
  edit : by the way , where do you take your number of hundreds of thousands of murdered jews in latvia ? 
  russia parades and celebrates war criminals for more than half a century now . 
  every may you have huge soviet circle jerk with every scum of the earth ussr leaders on massive posters portrayed as big heros . 
  different countries has different perspective . 
  if you do n't understand baltic history then just educate yourself or stfu . 
  if you think baltic states embrace nazism now then maybe provide more than just skewed history lesson . 
  according to your logic germany is neo-nazi because they killed jews `` with extreme pleasure '' in ww2 . 
   there are human rights violations what human rights violations ? 
  example ? 
  have n't head any of that . 
  yet there are tens if not hundreds of foreigners killed for their ethnicity in russia . 
  and how is that growing neo-nazism ? 
  well , i agree with you on that . 
  although they are missing only 0.2 % . 
  i do n't know if you can say they are not even trying . 
  and poland has pretty fine military . 
  and they are planning to modernize quite a lot in the future . 
  i wonder how is that a growing neo-nazi thingy if that has been pretty much the same for years . 
  it 's quite controversial , we have it here too . 
  but it is also very small numbers and isolated from rest of the politics and life . 
  i wonder if they have any other examples - a la violence and murder against foreigners etc ? 
  like , what is the growing neo-nazi tendencies exactly i wonder . 
  i live in estonia . 
  i am politically rather left and against nationalism . 
  and i have no idea what the hell is he talking about . 
  we have maybe 2 neo-nazis in the country - like seriously , meanwhile i see far-right rising in western europe we have almost zero of that here . 
  he is most probably just spewing this bs for internal consumption . 
  putin truly is terrorist . 
  he keeps using his fucked up tactics inciting violence , fear and terror within neighboring countries . 
  plus . 
  his politics are clearly nationalistic and his country is spiraling down to some dark places he might not be able to control one day . 
  i would n't be surprised if in 5 years we have a crazy nationalist overthrowing putin - which would be even worse case scenario than it already is . 
  next to russia almost all neighbors are much smaller , there is no way to defend ourselves without help from others . 
   why ? 
  usa currently has the world 's most powerful military and i do n't see that ending soon chinas economy taking over in few years . 
  i bet the military will too eventually . 
  and i was arguing more for the general point , that if china keeps buying out companies in various countries it gets pretty good ability of manipulating politics . 
  ( i bet they own and will own even more companies in south - east asia too . 
  you in australia should be familiar with the trend , 
  it 's actually not always a good thing . 
  it might hinger us being competitive . 
   i think their initial interest to get ties with the west was just faking to buy time to strengthen and plan for what we see happening now i disagree . 
  i believe putin truly wanted to reform russia in the beginning of his rule . 
  but pretty quickly realized russia has no chance of changing enough in his lifetime ( mostly due to bad work and corruption culture ) , so as a very ambitious leader went for the `` shortcut '' which is now backfiring . 
  in very near future us will not be able to hold back china alone . 
   so human rights are being taken away from zoosexuals well , perhaps its a step where not only humans have rights . 
  stupid ideas spread fast . 
  but good to see that sensible ones do too . 
   i think the memory of moscow is what keeps them going when they get tired on the way to the west . 
  and i would add that exactly this type of rhetorics drives us even further away from russia . 
  putin is unable to live a week without threatening a neighbor . 
  this been said thousand times but russia is definition of mafia state . 
  yes i see . 
  although i think its not other peoples business who you identify as . 
  identity is rather personal thing , not something that paper or other people can dictate or take away . 
  i 'd say its really up to what you consider yourself , not who raised you . 
  there are plenty of estonian russians who consider themselves estonians and they are estonians , no-one else can define them but themselves . 
  our isis . 
  second and third generation in identity crisis latching to some violent ideology .
