  kim, 
  more like 2215 . 
  extreme ( right or left ) always fail . 
  but humanity always fail to remember its past , so ... kind of inevitable i guess . 
  this is so boring . 
  3 seconds to google . 
  but i ca n't tell you to listen to podcasts and political programs , can i. this is pretty much everywhere , all the time . 
  just follow the news . 
  http://www.themoscowtimes.com/opinion/opinion/article/putin-is-waking-up-from-chinese-pipe-dream/529287.html http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonkblog/wp/2014/12/15/russias-economy-is-doomed-its-that-simple/ http://time.com/3998248/these-5-facts-explain-russias-economic-decline/ http://www.rferl.org/content/why-putin-is-losing/27181633.html, 
  isis also said they will conquer washington . 
  are we taking their `` promises '' seriously ? 
  lately the headlines here that get upvoted are more extreme and outlandish , thats all . 
  blah how retarded this sub is becoming . 
  i 'm too lazy to start searching articles about russias economic situation . 
  this place . 
  bar ? 
  this is not uk . 
  economic situation in russia definitely will affect the regime . 
  it 's only matter of time . 
  my question is , how do you go intervention , when you running out of money ? 
  what is his calculus , he must win something out of it , and i bet its about money first and foremost - as it is most urgent issue when it comes to russia . 
  yes , but quotas are the only way to get refugees here . 
  nobody will come here by own choice . 
  or do you suggest us going to different eu countries and kidnap some , so that we will have some too ? 
  how do we `` accept '' refugees , if nobody stays here without some serious movement restrictions ? 
  by offering them same living standards as germany , while we ourselves live way below that ? 
  going for intervention in syria right now for russia is very costly , especially with already one ongoing conflict . 
  im really confused what are you talking about . 
  you know that the first quota was 40k right ? 
  we agreed taking 200 which is average per capita , i havent moved any goal posts , it was eu commission decision a while ago . 
  why are we supposed to take more ? 
  nobody wants to come here in the first place , you know that right ? 
   to absorb the refugees we are going to need a new set of rules about where they 're processed ; new arrangements for internal travel in europe . 
  plus a new social consensus about who can come , who ca n't and where they are going to live and work . 
  ** and , ultimately , a massive economic stimulus . 
  ** oh guardian ... 
  well , its definitely a job creation for decades to come . 
  we have houses in europe too . 
  i 'm just wondering is it true that people in `` deserty '' climate do n't know what cold is . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  many analysts predict putins fall within 5 years . 
  and we should look at the interests of putin . 
  clearly his main problem right now is oil price , not isis . 
  i 'm trying to see what is driving him to do this . 
  first quota was 40k by the way . 
  lol, 
  i agree . 
  i 'm starting to believe eu will collapse . 
  or at least we 'll see quite a few referendums within next 5 years . 
  also pretty sure the second option will happen no matter what . 
  doesnt it get pretty cold in deserts at night . 
  taking into account how fucked putin is in long term , i wonder what is his game here . 
  is he looking for a way out of ukraine , for another distraction , as he will need something quite dramatic for people to worry about in next 5 years . 
  perhaps he realized china alone is not an option after all . 
  time to slowly try regain some of the cooperation with west ? 
  well , you are alone then , because of all the migration in the world we 've seen in last 20 years , pretty much 0 % tried to come to estonia . 
  apparently when they came up with the quotas they also calculated the income too . 
  i 'm responding to accusation of us taking too small of a number . 
  we are not . 
  we are taking a fair number . 
  did you also calculate the income ? 
  nope . 
  do n't they do that in warsaw or other big cities ? 
  let 's make an mandatory income quota first in eu . 
  where 's the solidarity about that ? 
  where has it been all these years ? 
  the fact is , immigrant is not interested in living in estonia , they never have been , why would they . 
  but all of a sudden that do n't matter ? 
  we want to `` help '' refugees by forcing them somewhere where they do n't want to live ? 
  and there 's no hypocrisy in that ? 
  i was walking down the street in tallinn , did n't even know they are here . 
  was huge surprise to see that silhouette in the sky . 
  they did nice slow and low flyover . 
  i saw them flying over , with two a-10s , almost jizzed my pants . 
  yeah ... no . 
  there are plenty of dirty rebels being allies for many countries and at least they do n't pose existential threat . 
  so from that standpoint , do n't really know what you are talking about . 
  pretty sure it will be suspended ( perhaps temporarily ) within a year or two . 
  it 's bound to happen . 
  eu might get its shit together , but it will probably take an election cycle for politicians realizing their positions are under a threat . 
  lol . 
  get your facts straight . 
  we accepted 200 refugees which is the average per capita for eu . 
  and do n't worry . 
  in your country the far-right has been gaining popularity for a while now . 
  and will gain even further in next 5 years . 
  lets talk about danish mentality towards immigration again soon , when migration crisis has been lasted for a while and people will get tired of it . 
  plus , you should come and try living here with the wages we have , next to some of the richest countries in the world . 
  and then we are expected to have exactly the same approach to the crisis with the wealthy westerners ? 
  the lack of understanding of the world in this thread sometimes astounds me . 
  we do n't identify them , ** you ** do n't identify them , the only ones who identify them are they themselves . 
  i come from russian speaking family . 
  half of them consider themselves estonians , some russians and some ukrainians . 
  but i do n't want you to tell me or them who they are . 
  200 is an average per capita in eu ( of first 40k that was supposed to be distributed ) . 
  we are very small nation . 
  and one day when they are going to ask for water , there 's going to be nobody there to bring it . 
  at least act polite when you refuse the water ( as a protest ) , do n't be douche about it !, 
  no shit schopenhauer . 
  i guess its a question of definition .
