  if you read my previous comment its pretty much what i claim , russia has clearly already invaded and its been proven several times over , what is left to discuss what it means to have `` full '' invasion - in other words just a definition of some detail . 
  i think kiev is justified calling out the threat , but i do think they are perhaps not very sophisticated in `` information war '' . 
  in my opinion its irrelevant whether it was seps or russian troops who shot down the plane , as in this type of scenarios its the management who is responsible , in both cases it will be kremlin . 
  secondly . 
  you really comparing argentinian troops being in london with whats happening in ukraine ? 
  argentina being on different continent across the ocean , russian troops actually fighting on ukraine soil ( which you yourself agreed with ) . 
  even though i agree about kiev crying the wolf about `` full '' invasion , i responded to you on other matters . 
   among all the nations and sub-nations of austria , only three standard-bearers of progress took an active part in history , and are still capable of life -- the germans , the poles and the magyars . 
  hence they are now revolutionary . 
  all the other large and small nationalities and peoples are destined to perish before long in the revolutionary holocaust . 
  - f. engels you are just splitting hairs here . 
  both ideologies are criminal . 
   `` russian divisions have crossed the border . 
  it 's happened !, 
  it 's happened '' . 
  then , 24 hours later `` no , it really has n't '' ... meh , its just you ignoring news , probably on purpose . 
  its been substantially proven they shot down the plane and sent troops in august and february to help win major battles ( that ended up expanding occupied territories ) . 
   a former estonian foreign minister , kristiina ojuland says ( disgracefully ) that migrants are a threat to `` the white race . '' first of all , what a shitty article . 
  then . 
  kristiina ojuland is a joke here , and majority considers her a clown ( every country has one nuthead with big mouth who is fishing for margins - e.g. 
  if the author knows anything about estonia he would n't be quoting her as some kind of a reaction to immigration , mkay . 
  and about the issue . 
  what a fuck is the author talking about ? 
  we agreed to take the refugees , just not the quota eu commission tried to impose on us that was literally 10x higher than average eu country . 
  we decided to accept proportionally average % to the rest of europe - which is just fair . 
  ( considering we already have huge % of immigrants that we are already trying to integrate , and considering we are way below living standards of western europe . 
  i find that accepting the same amount of refugees as the rest of eu is more than generous ) . 
  i love how guys from rich countries moralize about us not pulling our weight , yet none of them would be willing to come live here with our salaries . 
  suddenly we owe them generosity . 
  for what ? 
  for our shit wages ? 
  lets be honest for a second . 
  western europe , wealthiest part of the planet , does n't want to refugees too , like the rest of the world . 
  but trying to save the face and pulls the `` morality card '' and use us as a dumping ground . 
  yet they have more money than we ever had and probably ever will . 
  if western europe does n't want immigrants anymore , have some balls and make a compromise , lose the bullshit and stop the flow . 
  but please , do n't dump your guilt crap where it does n't belong . 
  this . 
  in addition though . 
  people not only are attracted to male or female , sexuality is even beyond living creatures , there are myriad of fetishes and such . 
  i 'm surprised how much naive comments here about believing heterosexuality is some kind of default state . 
   we ca n't do that because libya is not a safe country . 
  we will be sending them back pretty much anywhere soon . 
  so why not do it sooner than later . 
  morality will be out of the door when present power realizes they will lose it to far-right next elections , or in worse case scenario far-right will actually get to power . 
  and i will be blaming people like you who ca n't see two steps ahead . 
  its a favor for everybody ( especially to most muslims in europe ) to deal with immigration now than to postpone it and deal with it in 5 years , because its going to be exponentially more brutal the further in future we push it . 
  flinstonia . 
  get social benefits ? 
  even we do n't get social benefits . 
  you seem to be rather alienated or ignorant about our circumstances here in the eastern europe , its not sweden you know . 
  jobs is not a problem . 
  the wages are problem . 
  as long as our wages are as low compared with the rest of eu as they are , nobody really cares to migrate here . 
  why would a guy from africa want to live in estonia when he gets 4 times higher income just a 1 hour ferry trip away . 
  again . 
  my question is should we force them here ? 
  you know they do n't want to come to east ? 
  are we going to deport them to east forcefully ? 
  should we go to western europe and catch immigrants and bring them here ? 
  please elaborate what should we do instead of `` picking noses '' . 
  good job , bull . 
  i 'm sure there are people in this sub who can argue that . 
  me not being one of them . 
  in blue corner people who agree with him . 
  in red corner people who disagree with him . 
  now . 
  ** fight !!!, 
  was this one of those new fancy 3d . . 
  i mean 2d printed guns ? 
  is there turkish hipster cottage beer makers ? 
  that would be real testimony of secularisation . 
  this, 
  i first read hipstory , and thought its some kind of hipster history . 
  anyway , i 'm drunk and out of steam to argue and discuss . 
  you sir , have a great weekend !, 
  i hope i was wrong , because not exactly anti-communist . 
  just thought its a silly theory , nice , but silly . 
  you know , like god stuff . 
  i think there are some type of dolphins who occasionally visit baltic sea . 
  remember years ago there was article about one spotted near tallinn ( estonia ) , and `` experts '' were saying that it is normal occurrence . 
  so not sure about the global warming thingy in this case . 
  i just thought it was interesting that most upvoted comment was stating this sub being anti-muslim , kind of contradicted its own point . 
  but . 
  i agree there is anti-muslim sentiment on the rise , and i can assure you , it will keep growing . 
  and i can assure you , the only way to stop anti-muslim sentiment growing is to stop the flow of illegal immigration or send the fresh ones back , it is the only way . 
  no matter how many nice words and moral stories we tell each-other , the right-wing will keep getting more and more people on their side . 
  if we . 
  take our heads . 
  out of the sand . 
  and face that reality . 
  recognize it . 
  only that way we are going to be able to stop the rise of anti-muslim sentiment . 
  it is not about being sensible . 
  it is not about what is right or wrong . 
  it is physics . 
  it 's the natural law . 
  and if people think europe is somehow above the hate , racism and all that , they are so so wrong and i 'd say they are as guilty as the guys who throw the stone . 
  if left wont wake up , if they wont compromise , their screams will drown in overwhelming wave of far-right down the line . 
  europe is not yet extremely anti-muslim , but it will be .
