  risking major war or even ww3 just because you want a piece of land ( especially russia who are already largest country in the world ) is most irresponsible and idiotic international behavior in 21st century . 
  dont get laid in narva would be more accurate suggestion . 
   austerity certainly does n't help with recovery * recovery * ? 
  how can you call it recovery if the growth was an illusion in the first place ? 
  one economist says one sentence and every outlet writes about it like jesus himself has spoken . 
  tell me this issue is not overly emotional . 
  how many friends you have on facebook . 
  you know what else is a disaster ? 
  headlines are `` disaster '' . 
  are there people left who are capable of avoiding headlines with some piblical or apocalyptical notion in it ? 
  if i would n't go out for a while the picture of reality i would get from a newspaper is close to mad max world . 
  pretty much every day everything is collapsing , finito , disaster , end of times , doomed , holocaust 2.0 . 
  clickbaiting is real . 
  you are trying too hard . 
  my point is more that what they say there fits pretty well with the rest if evidence that russian seps shot down the plane . 
  this video alone is not really indication , but with the rest of stuff its pretty obvious . 
  theres a vice episode with a rebel phone call where they realize they shot down the wrong plane , including interview with the rebel who admits its he talking on the phone . 
  even in this video there are clear hints rebels realizing their mistake by blaming ukraine not closing the airspace . 
  that nato expansion !, 
  i was there bit earlier than you , maybe they were removed at some point . 
  visited hong kong several times in a row - loved it . 
  but these vendors were horrid and by the end i was so annoyed that i started trolling them , asked if they want to buy a watch from me instead or just offered a cent for their watch - worked pretty well . 
  but the whole point was that i definitely did n't consider hong kong on a verge of collapse or decay because of that . 
  perhaps even opposite , i saw a crazy vibrant city . 
  i was on the verge of murdering the vendors maybe , but nothing wrong with the city , 
  i dont know how did you manage to avoid them . 
  i was aggressively offered some idiotic cheap clocks every 60 feet and people literally tried to drag me to some suit businesses . 
  i dont know , maybe its my face . 
  eastern europe is state of mind , not a place . 
   legions of street hawkers trying to sell you some crap so is in hong kong kowloon . 
  is that a definition of collapse ? 
  state of decay ? 
  guys , come on . 
  that does n't sound like exaggerated headline at all , not at all . 
  the graph is interesting indeed . 
  also it fluctuates double to what it used to , which is rather peculiar . 
  controlling media , eliminating journalists and critics , oppressing opposition - and thats in the hands of one man , thats not democracy my friend , no matter how much people support him . 
  i agree . 
  didnt expect it to be that bad . 
  and they are walking during a daylight in crowded streets . 
  i can only imagine them trying it at night time with drunk groups lurking around . 
  is it possible to take a train through sweden ? 
  dont they have a bridge with denmark or something ? 
  oh great i live in iguana and our northern neighbor is somalia . 
  just bring machete , its a problem solver . 
  day 28 : dude wakes up in hospital only to find out london is flooded with zombies . 
  well , the problem is that someone has to pay the bill . 
  and the bailout is covered by mostly german citizens . 
  even estonia backed the loans with tax payers money . 
  i personally am all for helping out greece . 
  but try to convince germany . 
  or try to give guarantee there 's not going to be a snowball effect ? 
  or that the reforms will ever happen . 
  the fact that greeks have such a low pension age is ridiculous in itself , while its asking for money to cover the pensions from countries where people of same age has to cover greece pensions . 
  talking about morally questionable situation . 
  using words like torturing greece and so on is quite a joke . 
  you really think this is how the politics actually happen in eu ? 
  anyway . 
  i 'm actually all for helping greece not to fall into economic darkness . 
  so you are barking at the wrong tree . 
  but i wanted to try explain the views that are against bailing greece out . 
  i think its more about political precedent . 
  if syriza succeeds ( from merkel point of view ) , then podemos might come with same anti-austerity program to power . 
  and i 'm not saying this is the outcome , but thats what i believe its about , its not only about greece . 
  i do n't think its the greeks that germans are worried about . 
  you do a haircut in greece , you 'll most probably going to pay pensions for spain and italy too , which are different ball park entirely . 
  it 's cia fever , thats why . 
  was about to quote that too , thats gold . 
  if fever is a realization of anti-gay being a nonsense , fear and hate , then yeah , i have 40 degrees , almost dying . 
  their official foreign policy is based on conspiracy theories ( although i bet putin is just playing his little mind games and is smarter than that ) . 
  thats good enough for me . 
  you start with ad hominem and then say the quote in itself is not wrong , what was the point of your comment ? 
  `` the cheapest sort of pride is national pride ; for if a man is proud of his own nation , it argues that he has no qualities of his own of which he can be proud ; otherwise he would not have recourse to those which he shares with so many millions of his fellowmen . 
  the man who is endowed with important personal qualities will be only too ready to see clearly in what respects his own nation falls short , since their failings will be constantly before his eyes . 
  but every miserable fool who has nothing at all of which he can be proud adopts , as a last resource , pride in the nation to which he belongs ; he is ready and glad to defend all its faults and follies tooth and nail , thus reimbursing himself for his own inferiority . '' -- a.schopenhauer, 
  can you compare that car with some vw family car ? 
  it still pretty small . 
  not to mention - ugly . 
  by the way . 
  i think 500 ( small version ) looks great !, 
  i 'm with you that somehow this will have positive effect in the long run . 
  it 's only a money after all . 
  plus europe is really well off compared to majority of the world . 
  so the bickering is mostly about between really really well of and really well off . 
  i think its more about the context in this case . 
  i can see this being offensive as lately greeks has been attacked from every corner accused as lazy and so on . 
  thats some double irony here , circlejerking a stereotype of / r/europe . 
  difference is that to become italian you need many generations , to become american you need a passport . 
  media will get tired of the topic and will move on . 
  the problem remains of course , but it will be dealt with apathy . 
  the problem in europe is that we have ethnic nationalism . 
  we need civic nationalism . 
  that way you can be patriot and love your country ( which i agree is useful for some purposes ) . 
  i do n't deny the role and importance nationalism played in our history , that does n't mean we should embrace it forever . 
  its excluding by essence , thats why . 
  it 's a shitty ideology for 21st century europe . 
  people get extreme pretty easily when the economy crashes . 
  last time germans went further than just throwing stones , 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p02vmdm4 listen to this one , it makes you think twice if narva is next one or not . 
  he is a communist in a sense that he thinks everyone should be equally millionaires .
