  next time read the article . 
  this is a first sentence . 
   responsibility for monitoring the maintenance of the irish-registered airbus that crashed in egypt on saturday rested with the russian authorities under an agreement negotiated by the irish aviation authority in 2002 . 
  core objectives can be multiple . 
  anyway , my point being , this article definitely did n't leave me with impression like us is there only to fight isis . 
   a number of commentators have suggested that president vladimir putin 's bold move could drag russia into an afghan-style quagmire . 
  what a foolish thing to believe , after putin demonstrated how easily and quickly he managed to pull out from donbas . 
  he needed to change the focus from one war to the next and his ratings went up to 90 % . 
  from outside it looks ridiculously transparent , but it seems it works perfectly in the bubble . 
  if nothing else , putin is great at manipulating with media . 
  this article definitely does n't state that us is there primarily fighting the isis , quite the opposite . 
   president barack obama both demands that `` assad must go , '' while also vowing to `` degrade and destroy '' islamic state . 
  and  while the united states would need to walk back its absolutist `` assad must go '' policy ... 
  even though i agree in essence , the arab spring was a thing , and there were lots of people hoping to get rid of assad , we should n't take away agency from them by blaming only us for the mess . 
  it will be called accident . 
  what are the other more expensive cities in germany ? 
  are these some special mountain luxury towns or ? 
  no , sanders does n't know what the word means or he knows , but just uses it in american context ( he is addressing americans after all ) . 
  ironically these racist are the worst kind of scum cowards . 
  none of them would use `` n '' word if you 'd transported them to u.s. , they 'd be silent like a mouse . 
  just because they are in such majority here they feel entitled for such shitty sentiment . 
  i feel infinetely more sense of fellowship with the u.s soldiers , who came here to do their job , than the shitty racists who probably live in the same town with me and carry same passport or whatnot . 
  they are the ones who are alien to me . 
  what are you doing on my land you fucking racist ? 
  if you dont want to be human , go to the woods , run with the beasts or something . 
  i 've been hearing this type of stories a lot lately and nothing makes me want to leave this place more than finding out how fucking backwards this country is . 
  really dissapointing and disgusting . 
  its probably lost in translation , not racism . 
   believe me , i know , i lived in australia and its not easy to speak in english for estonian without sounding like a douche . 
  if delusional politicians like merkel keep living in fantasy land we wont need russia , the rise of nationalism will lead us to inevitable war amongst each other . 
   to have the capability to inflict enough damage to outweight what ever gains they were hoping to make ? 
  yes . 
  wow , you are delusional . 
  without nato russia could take estonia with very small cost , even if every man here would have a gun at home . 
  alliance is the only solution for us . 
  in regards to complacency , it wo n't happen here . 
  not in near future at least . 
  we 've been near that 2 % pretty consistently and russias latest behavior will keep us there for next 25 years . 
  germany has used us as a buffer throughout history , so its probably cultural/historic thing . 
  i have pretty much zero trust in them when it comes to security ( although i think germany is a great country , do n't get me wrong . 
  they choose to be pacifists , good for them , but i choose never to trust them . 
  they would sell whole eastern europe to russia as long as they do n't have to do anything that involves risk ) . 
  uk is the only one in europe who stands against russian aggression with some substance . 
  and if not for us we would probably had been ukrained a while ago . 
  i definitely welcome us troops here . 
  russia will whine a bit , but its the only way to keep them on their own turf , unfortunately . 
  politically the only thing putin speaks is muscle . 
  yeah , especially in russian military , especially during that ukraine conflict . . 
  i mean , technically you can say it was suicide , sort of , by signing a contract in an army you open yourself to a risk of getting killed , so it is suicide i guess ... - lavrov 's thoughts tonight in the bed at night before sleep . 
  it 's full of chauvinist imperialists . 
  many of them there do n't consider ukraine a country , like their dear leader ( the one you choose to believe ) . 
  lol the irony . 
  you realise that russias state is very close to being fascist ? 
  perhaps the fact that you choose to believe them is telling something about you ? 
  i 'm half russian too , so you do n't get any funny ideas . 
  no bloodshed because the timing . 
  russia pretty much invaded its `` brothers '' while they had huge problems in kiev . 
  and you are clearly detaching eastern ukraine from the conflict , where thousands died . 
  can we call iceland the only sovereign country on the planet ? 
  plus , he is nationalist and authoritarian , what could go wrong . 
  i lived in australia for several years . 
  and never heard so much complaining in my life about the `` cost of living '' . 
  in my opinion it was ridiculously chill life there . 
  i was actually leaning towards philosophical question of this matter , i guess it did n't come through . 
  and i 'm definitely not part of the problem , as i am actually quite coldhearted when it comes to issues like terrorism . 
  i find it quite ridiculous that its on such a high agenda , even a road accidents is in actuality much bigger problem - and it barely gets news , only when some serious accident happens . 
  terrorism should be secret police work , we should n't invade and bomb countries because of it . 
  so you think this guy did n't have larger `` cause '' ? 
  similarly to breivik ? 
  i do believe he did n't just murder for the murder , but he hoped to achieve something , meaning the end of immigration . 
  and killing kids as a method sounds like terror to me . 
  lol, 
  in a very ironical way , media is one of the main engine for school shootings and terrorism in general . 
  if there would be zero publicity to terror , the terrorists would n't have their most important tool - message . 
  it 's quite weird to think about we live in a society where this type of crime could be minimised drastically , but we just ca n't do it , we just have to put that name and photo on the news . 
  well , if he is openly right-winger it seems to me he is ideology driven , with objective to kill innocent civilians , hence terrorist , no ? 
  by the way . 
  i 'm very much against sloppy labelling . 
  but i do feel there is a bit of a hypocrisy going on here this time . 
  i 'm more curious than convinced myself really . 
  as for instance the dude who decapitated a soldier in middle of london was branded terrorist if i recall correctly . 
  pretty much any mass murder commited by muslim is terrorism . 
  i just would like to see the distinction between muslim murder and right-wing murder explained or something . 
  why have n't i seen in any articles branding him terrorist , is n't that a proper name for him ? 
  or is `` terrorist '' reserved for brown people only ? 
  recent history bothers people sometimes . 
  even though i 'm against destroying them , i definitely understand the sentiment behind destroying symbols of criminal regime . 
  seems like crazy people all across the globe quite popular . 
  in us people like trump are seriously running for president  and here in estonia there was a poll published just today in regards to popularity of parties . 
  and far-right went from 7 % six months ago to 10 % . 
  and one of the forerunner in that party is a young dude who got caught stealing an iphone from a tourist about a year ago or so . 
  this is the quality needed to get votes . 
  world is going nuts . 
  that new guy in uk , corbyn or whatnot , he praised chavez for bringing equality to venezuela . 
  he probably mod in that sub . 
  i 'd prefer this to taking it down . 
  pretty creative and looks fun , takes away the stigma of shitty communist regime . 
  history wise also adds a layer instead of destroying . 
  i pretty much agree what you said here so ... 
  i do n't claim i know a lot about us journalism .
