  some kind of social frustration has to build up for stupid ideas to stick and motivate to kill . 
  even if we had a button that would all of a sudden erase islam from this planet , next day people will find some other god to kill for . 
   the eastern members are not that politically compatible with the west imo , and they 're not showing any signs of change at all . 
  their population is inherently conservative , politically blunt and aggressive , and as a result they have shifted the political spectrum of the eu dramatically to the right . 
  wow . 
  i dont know where to start . 
  our society changed a lot since the eu membership . 
  and in a good way . 
  i 'd say since our independence the transformation has been almost miraculous , revolutionary and very unique . 
  we are the successful example of export of democracy . 
  so i really dont fucking know what are you talking about . 
  your standards are seriously delusional . 
  secondly . 
  we are perhaps conservative in some respects , but not all . 
  some aspects of eu are way behind us ( for instance archaic bureacracy ) . 
  and more importantly , we are the ones in europe who are driving pro-eu force . 
  west is voting in far right and eurosceptics . 
  so there is certain balance that we bring with us . 
  yes , there is certain cultural conservatism here , but it will die out in a generation , we still have sum of people alive who spent most of their lives in ussr , they are the main bunch who hold backward views . 
  what are the main views people like about him ? 
  islam is not very different from christianity in essence , its just islamic ideology ( mostly arab ) is going through some kind of weird violent stage right now . 
  but not long ago we 've seen christian terrorists pretty regularly . 
  also communist terrorists . 
  you can find extremist almost with every ideology . 
  so its more about some social circumstances that trigger the `` assholery '' , some arbitrary ideology that is present at that time is used just as a vehicle . 
  i guess the problem with latin america is both ways , you probably could go murdering for long periods because lack of functional institutions , and at the same time for same reasom its very hard to confirm the victim count . 
  so we ca n't be sure about the numbers there , as most of the psychos across the globe are also megalomaniacs who sometimes claim they killed astronomical numbers as their wish is to go to `` history books '' . 
  female serial killer pretty rare occasion . 
  we know there has been some of the craziest and prolific serial killers in russia . 
  but i really wonder what kind of nutheads we have in gigantic countries like china and india . 
  in some huge concrete chinese city you could probably go on killing forever , and i bet thats exactly whats happening , although we rarely hear of this . 
  so 9th of may is a stalin march ? 
  in my opinion russia is punishing ukraine for maidan , as putins biggest fear was/is it would spread to moscow ( as it was in a wake of arab spring which spread like wildfire with very dramatic consequences - e.g. 
  public humiliation and murder of gaddafi ), 
  kremlins worst nightmare is `` color revolution '' . 
  disintegration could be aftermath , or not . 
  but its rather secondary issue , as its far more unlikely than a coup . 
  i 'd say its more likely that eu would disintegrate , unfortunately . 
  yeah , like this innovative joke of yours . 
  at least try and put some effort in it mate . 
  nope , you are wrong . 
  there 's even video of it with russian border-guards agreeing with estonian border-guards where kidnapping took place . 
  filmed right after the incident . 
  there 's signatures of russian border-guards who testified that he was taken from estonian side . 
  it was confirmed right after the kidnapping . 
  of course few hours later when fsb informed russian border-guards what to say the story changed and whole propaganda and disinformation wave took over . 
  ukraine is not just some random country . 
  but clearly i 'm not drawing exact parallels . 
  i believe we got a good taste of what would happen in case of war with russia though . 
  eu would be struggling having united foreign policy while us would do the dirty job . 
  i wish i had your confidence , but i dont , so dont get me wrong , i 'm not against what you profess here . 
  i think ukraine crisis was good example what are the weakspots in eus policies when it comes to military action . 
  never seen such windbreaks here . 
  i do n't think military capabilities is the problem . 
  europe is divided , theres no trust between member states when it comes to crisis . 
  us would not go to war for latvia , but they probably would go to war to sustain nato 's credibility . 
  the challenges they face with actual superpowers rely very much on alliances in asia . 
  i hear it mostly on north-american podcasts , not very common saying in estonia , at least yet . 
  by that standard youtube has been precursor of murderers and rapists for many years , yet nobody gives a shit . 
  ironic is that they have little striped walls for privacy or something . 
  mysterious mind of a mouth-breather . 
  people are different and some like to go to beach nude some like to play china , to each his own . 
  i 'm much less worried about economic sustainability than political consequences that already seem quite inevitable - far right getting into power is the worse outcome for the whole of europe and stability of the region . 
  omg , thanks , thats better than porn . 
  and yes , my browser is fucked , i can easily browse pics of nude ladies but somehow cool pics of fighters get blocked . 
  are we really taking `` youtube comments '' as valid social indicator now ? 
  no photo !? 
  why did i click it ? 
  putin is trendy hipster dictator , i like his retro 1930 's style . 
  well , he still was wearing it on a wedding , was n't he ? 
  grandpa frost has a granddaughter too , called snegurochka , who often accompanies him when handing over the gifts . 
  during soviet era they tested a lot of different kind of santas etc. 
  if i remember correctly they also had a cosmonauts giving presents at one stage . 
  the point was to have some kind of secular holiday without religious connotations . 
  watch with a scull on it a weird choice for a wedding in my opinion . 
   christianity was one of the main factors for european civilization so was feudalism , doesnt mean we have to go with that model in 21st century . 
  before christianity there was another religion and before that another belief system and so on . 
  all played their role in getting where we are now . 
  but lets be honest , christianity does not fit modern life , at least not to run entire society . 
  we are passed the post-modern world where theres no signle dominating narratives . 
  christianity is and should stay just as one possible choice of way of life . 
  i wonder if this is a natural occurrence , just an idiots doing their thing , or someone organized it . 
  i 'm usually not a conspiracy guy but sometimes makes you wonder . 
  as clearly there are people who will exploit it and benefit from it ( wink wink politicans ) . 
  condolences to the neighbors . 
   the orthodox church are a vocal minority that love camera time and a lot of russians are fed up with them . 
  thats true , but clearly kremlin trying to bring church more into daily life and connect it with renewed `` russian identity '' . 
  i guess its good to see that its not working really . 
  church should stay as vocal minority forever & everywhere . 
  in estonian its just `` apelsin '' like in swedish . 
  apelsinipuu means orange tree . 
  omg . 
  theres more luck than skills involved in that one . 
  north korea is bad example . 
  ussr was a huge project , empire if you will . 
  to sustain that you need a good system . 
  to sustain a dictatorship in relatively small country is not that challenging . 
  i recently saw a poll and ratings for west and specifically us are little bit higher to what it was during the peak of the conflict . 
   if they somehow block the agreement america will be isolated , not iran . 
  and this is the top comment here ?
