  i think we get all the good influence from there . 
  especially finland , our big bro . 
  what frustrates me the most when comes to media is how pro-russians love to equate putins and wests propaganda in manner `` both do the same '' . 
  and i believe the reason is purely visual . 
  pro-russian or perhaps just average russian judges the news just by the cover or how it is presented visually . 
  he/she looks at the rt and then at bbc and sees they look the same , `` quality '' of the news are very similar . 
  source : i 'm post-soviet myself . 
  and this is my `` psychological '' analysis of the mentality of post-soviet . 
  i think our country was in that stage too , but thank god we have passed it . 
  everything was about appearance , the core or the essence did n't mean shit . 
  maybe its similar with many developing countries , really . 
  you mean million planes shot down ? 
  my comment to this is that even though i like gorbachev to a degree , i think he has typically arrogant russian mentality totally ignoring the countries they occupied and oppressed for decades . 
  i think we as eastern europeans kind of earned the right to have at least some security guarantees after what russia did to us . 
  but even here gorbachev likes to play the victim , that they were betrayed . 
  fuck you !, 
  you violated every rule of humanity with your actions during and after ww2 , now , as a former leader man up and admit there is a price and consequence , stop bitching like its always about russia . 
  you too just cutting out one sentence from longer discussion . 
  here is the full context . 
   the topic of `` nato expansion '' was not discussed at all , and it was n't brought up in those years . 
  i say this with full responsibility . 
  not a singe eastern european country raised the issue , not even after the warsaw pact was terminated in 1991 . 
  western leaders did n't bring it up , either . 
  another issue we brought up was discussed : making sure that nato 's military structures would not advance and that additional armed forces from the alliance would not be deployed on the territory of the then-gdr after german reunification . 
  baker 's statement was made in that context , mentioned in our question . 
  kohl and [ german vice chancellor hans-dietrich ] genscher talked about it . 
  everything that could have been and needed to be done to solidify that political obligation was done . 
  and fulfilled . 
  the agreement on a final settlement with germany said that no new military structures would be created in the eastern part of the country ; no additional troops would be deployed ; no weapons of mass destruction would be placed there . 
  it has been obeyed all these years . 
  so do n't portray gorbachev and the then-soviet authorities as na\u00efve people who were wrapped around the west 's finger . 
  if there was na\u00efvet\u00e9 , it was later , when the issue arose . 
  russia did not object at the beginning . 
  putin : u.s. attitude to russia `` antagonistic '' the decision for the u.s. and its allies to expand nato into the east was decisively made in 1993 . 
  i called this a big mistake from the very beginning . 
  it was definitely a violation of the spirit of the statements and assurances made to us in 1990 . 
  with regards to germany , they were legally enshrined and are obeyed . 
  russia will claim it was there on vacation . 
  ok , so its like an associate agreement , not union yet . 
  although not sure if i agree with your eu comparison . 
  eu is a bunch of countries , not run by one country ( what eurasia essentially will be ) . 
  how does that even work belarus being in eurasian union ? 
  i guess it 's a good thing russia treats everyone equally , biggest enemies and closest allies , all get blackmailed . 
  i understand your point too . 
  although my belief is that lately experiments in exporting `` western values '' are pretty disastrous and i would rather let things develop more organically and perhaps postpone with countries that are more on the other side than our side ( especially now when eu is struggling with internal divisions ) . 
  why do we keep doing the same mistakes lately . 
  patience in this case seems like a sensible approach . 
  parts of europe being invaded is closer to home , what can i say . 
  and france is selling mistrals to russia ( i bet eventually ) . 
  i 'm saying there is huge divide and making it bigger wont help eu . 
  well , i 'm not sure if i 'm pre convicting . 
  putin cheered and having official parade with him is rather indicative to me . 
  just leave it to hoping they will change is not affordable for eu right now in my opinion . 
  or they want their cake and eat it too . 
  but thats not actually my point . 
  as i said in my first comment , that i understand that , from serbia point of view it makes sense and i 'm not against what they are doing . 
  but . 
  from eu point , purely my opinion , is that i do n't think its good idea to accept countries who is `` on the other side '' so to speak . 
  similarly what we have with turkey . 
  they want to join eu . 
  but is that reason enough . 
  do we want country like turkey into eu ? 
  looking at their latest direction i 'm pretty critical . 
  i do n't see where you get that i hate serbia ? 
  like seriously . 
  i have nothing against serbia trading with russia . 
  i have purely eu aspect in mind at the moment . 
  i think eu is in crisis of being divided and having one more country that has different values will have negative impact in my view . 
  i really like what eu stands for and i 'm not interested having more hungary or le pen . 
  not just from putin fanboy aspect . 
  but in a wider sense too . 
  i 'm for more integration , being more united , having united foreign policy and energy policy . 
  plus culturally , human rights , freedoms etc. 
  i 'm not interested eu going back to nationalism or medieval ages `` conservatism '' . 
   well , nothing much . 
  just my opinion that eu should have common values . 
  every sentence you wrote is something i already know . 
  you are missing the point . 
  in eu we already have few nutjobs supporting putin . 
  yet he is clearly a dictator who is not compatible with european values . 
  get it ? 
  turkey . 
  and we have a isis supporters within eu . 
  i 'm talking about opposing values . 
  its not very healthy for achieving objectives . 
   serbia is n't going to hurt russia with sanctions . 
  they will only hurt themselves . 
  yes , but eu-s problem is very much political . 
  if we have more putin supporters within eu the gap is going to grow even more . 
  and again . 
  i 'm not criticizing serbia for not wanting to apply sanctions . 
  i 'm saying eu should n't perhaps accept serbia into eu ** yet ** . 
  i do n't want to punish serbia . 
  as i understand serbia is fine with economical ties with russia right now . 
  but eu is already struggling from internal lack of unity , adding serbia to that will make it worse . 
  and i do n't know how is that in serbias interest to join a messy union that would impose the sanctions weather serbia wants it or not . 
  well . 
  if eu decides to sanction russia , its rather useful if everyone within eu follows through . 
  did i say that ? 
  i said i understand serbia .
