  very proud of my country right now . 
  but i agree . 
  worried abuot the consequences . 
  was rather surprised we have such a big mass of bigots . 
  --  censor all critical with word islam in it . 
  because islamophobia < --, 
  i just watched lucy . 
  and reading these news i realised you really need 100 % of brain capacity to comprehend the amount of irony is in the russias accusation of ukraine being run by fascists . 
  dont bother correcting me :p i know premise of the movie is 20 year old myth of how brain works . 
   more people die every day from malaria than have ever died from ebola well , because ebola can turn africa on its head . 
  malaria does n't do it . 
  i think its about helping a whole continent when they are in trouble . 
  we as humans are supposed to do it . 
  even with the risk of getting the infection spreading across to other places . 
  okay , let 's see what we have here . 
  art rule nr .1 : be courageous - fail !, 
  this sounds very plausible . 
  this is actually interesting version i 've never considered  `` putin has worked the west out , '' says one gloomy polish official . 
  `` he knows we wo n't use force . '', 
  the darkest polish scenario is also that mr putin might be tempted to go up to the nuclear brink by using ** conventionally armed missiles that could carry nuclear warheads . 
  ** the dangers of such a policy hardly need spelling out . 
  ** but destroying the credibility of nato 's security guarantee to the balts -- and therefore of nato itself -- would be a tremendous prize for russia . 
   there is n't anything stopping him/them from going full nuclear . 
  even tho putin has huge support right now i think if he would drop a nuke he would n't last a day . 
  i ca n't imagine russian population be that crazy to allow him go full retard . 
   sigh , i wish people would stop going . 
  listen to last bbc hard talk with an expert . 
  he says the only way to contain it is to get much bigger centers where they can isolate the sick . 
  its the only way to lessen the impact . 
  otherwise it can reach pretty crazy levels . 
  and the worst part is that this outbreak destabilizes otherwise stable african nations . 
  and that can have much wider consequences . 
  from articles comment section :  america 's little tricks wo n't work in russia , , , america destabilized ukraine with speeches hacklers snipers and a puppet president ... 
  it wo n't work in russia they are much too smart ... 
  the media war tool america has worked so far be american and europeans are hearing one thing and seeing another , , , all the lies are not working so well ... 
  if russia loses we all lose ... russia now is all that is left between us and new world order ... america and the eu is new world order ... we will all be slaves once there finished, 
  am i ? 
  i was more saying they have different way understanding what news are . 
  or you could argue they have different definition of news . 
  too many people consume their news only from tv . 
  and i think main problem is the long history under authoritarian regimes . 
  they pretty much lack any experience of journalism and free press . 
  so its not about stupidity , but just that they do n't even know what they are missing . 
  talk to any pro-russian here . 
  they equate all journalism in the world in the same `` propaganda '' category . 
  russians read their news in a certain way ( a skill obtained in ussr where you read more between the lines and get some fuzzy picture ) and they are certain whole world works the same way . 
  i agree with you that people should bear the responsibility too . 
  at least great nations do - germans for instance . 
   they chose putin . 
  did they ? 
  because putin controlling pretty much all the media and political landscape . 
  i 'd say they chose an illusion , the picture putin is painting oh himself . 
  and even then if you try choosing something else you get f-d up . 
   you want to ( like russia ) erase history in what way did i suggest that ? 
   am talking about baltic states as a whole . 
  yes , me too pretty much . 
  how is that counter to my arguments . 
   hat 's great your russian family are doing well , but there are dissatisfied , and im a democrat who believes in equal right for minorities . 
  well . 
  there are dissatisfied estonians here too , what do you expect ? 
  about equal rights . 
  all rights are protected . 
  we are not russia . 
  language test is not an abuse nor does it take away anything from them or their culture . 
  i think baltic states earned their right to have a small request ( that is nothing special , as rest of the world does the same ) . 
  one day i watched russian news channels ( that i have at my parents ) . 
  and man ... you have no idea the poison they spew 24/7 . 
  it was beyond any expectations ( and i 've seen ussr propaganda first hand ) . 
  so yeah , i 'm not surprised . 
   ethnic russians in the baltic states want their culture recognized , even if they were put there ( that is not their fault ) what do you mean by recognized ? 
  because it is in my view . 
   russian is not even considered an official language in latvia . 
  i answered that one . 
  even though again , what are you asking for in practice ? 
  because you can do everything in russian language . 
  ( at least in estonia )  put yourself in an ethnic russian shoes in latvia . 
  i 'm half russian . 
  i live in estonia . 
  its great . 
  family side who is russian are doing great . 
  some of them barely speak estonian , yet they can navigate in their own language in every aspect of life . 
  i just think you actually do n't know what you are talking about . 
  and i 'm trying to draw you a picture what the realities are . 
  of course , russian propaganda paints pretty dark picture , but according to them norway is a hellhole in human rights aspect . 
   russian citizens are not allowed full passports because they consider themselves russian . 
  they must pass a culture and history exam in order to obtain this passport . 
  first of all . 
  your wording is bs . 
  `` russian citizens ** are not allowed ** full passports because they consider themselves russian . '', 
  what is this ? 
  everyone is allowed . 
  yes . 
  you do have to pass the test . 
  everyone does . 
  there are heaps of other ethnicities too , ukrainians belarus etc. 
  everyone has the same standards . 
  second . 
  you have to look at it in the wider context . 
  you cant just ignore the history of their arrival . 
  i 'm not saying they are to blame .
