  i reject the idea that europeans go on slippery slope if we allow open dialogue . 
  i think its even counterproductive for us native europeans too , as we can not confront our own bigots due to the self-imposed silence . 
  i 'd say the slippery slope is quite the opposite , if we do not talk about it openly we give much ammunition for local far-right racists and freedom for muslim racists . 
  aaaannddd that has become standard procedure pretty quick ... 
  even though i see your point . 
  but perhaps we need to know these things ( origin and parents etc ) to be able to analyse the problem . 
  if because of pc we are not permitted to think about and discuss their cultural background etc we might as well censor everything . 
  we should be able still to talk about race and such openly without being racists , should n't we ? 
  by that i mean we judge persons views , outside race and culture . 
  european liberalism is an idea . 
  and we should view it without our historic baggage . 
  if muslim is a racist we should call him that , not hide behind pc . 
  putin , * the * anti-fascist , has such a weird bunch of allies in europe . 
  the irony around his policies just keep growing and growing . 
   hating on muslims is the new antisemitism . 
  i think the underlying rule should be `` live and let live '' . 
  we should be able to criticize anyone who wants to oppress or wipe out a group . 
  people who want get rid of peaceful and tolerant muslims should be punished . 
  yet any muslim who is not following liberal rules should also be criticized !, 
   can they protest against non-white racists without the anxiety about appearing racist themselves ? 
  yeah , we are reaching some really bizarre times . 
  we really need to stand up for objective liberalism . 
  in messy globalized world the old white guilt thingy is not working . 
   if i 'd live in a mansion i 'd gladly give a room to a homeless guy . 
  you saying you have no room in your home ? 
  this is probably endless pushing forward thingy `` if i 'd be richer i 'd do so much '' . 
  but compared to the living standards some of the 3rd world you already live in a mansion . 
   discriminated against because you are of russian ethnicity it is different , but theres no discrimination here based on ethnicity . 
  this is bullocks . 
   its irrelevant since the definition of the word `` minority '' implies it . 
  we can keep coming back to the definition . 
  but my point was to show wider context . 
   yes , in 3rd world countries . 
  nope . 
  actually quite the opposite . 
  mostly 3rd world countries in south america have unrestricted birthright citizenship . 
  most european countries do n't have birthright citizenship . 
  i hope one of them gets a darwin award . 
   as for jobs , how does one get a job if he doesnt have citizenship ? 
  as i understand it without citizenship you cant qualify for a job or insurances that are needed . 
  not true . 
  they have so-called grey passports . 
  they can work , travel and get insurance . 
   apparently they arent . 
  it goes both ways . 
  its not targeted russian speakers . 
  if estonian person cant speak russian he also faces the same consequence . 
  a lot of jobs require knowledge of multiple language . 
   that russia is bigger than estonia is completely irrelevant . 
  its irrelevant to you maybe . 
  but the language is very small . 
  and we have standard procedure of trying to preserve it - in other words , people who want to become citizens need to respect our wishes and pass the test . 
  and its universal , it goes for everyone . 
  we have lots of different minorities here too . 
   most countries dont condition citizenship based on language what ? 
  most countries do that actually . 
   if your parents lived there and you got born there you are their citizen . 
  birthright citizenship is not in every country , quite the opposite . 
   that they cant get citizenship of course they can it is nonsense . 
  regarding voting , you need citizenship to vote for parliamentary elections , but local voting does n't have that restriction . 
  about the jobs , total bs , its quite opposite , russians tend to get the jobs as many of them speak both languages , especially amongst the youth . 
   in eu rights of minorities are suppose to be respected . 
  even more so when they represent 1/4 of your population . 
  their rights are respected . 
   i dont think you understand the word `` minority '' . 
  yes i do . 
  does n't mean i cant give wider perspective . 
  because it is necessary to understand why we apply language test in our road to citizenship . 
  just a sensible procedure , nothing extraordinary . 
   so is slovenian , yet we have dual languages where minorities are located . 
  you probably dont understand the fact that we are pretty much dual language country all over estonia , not just in localities . 
  if the city names is the major offense here then its rather trolly to accuse us of not respecting human rights . 
  nato countries started supplying ukraine with weapons . 
  i think that is significant ( at least something that ukraine has been asking for ) . 
  although i think in the long run its not going to be enough really . 
  as i am very worried what will happen with civilians in winter . 
  with no water and heating ... 
   funny how you ca n't get a job if you do n't speak russian in latvia or lithuania . 
  same in estonia . 
  this propaganda bs is just to keep the water warm which might become useful at some point . 
  morally just is to let a homeless person to your home , yet have you done it , no ? 
  are you darwinist ? 
  you are so smart and above others , yet have nothing to add to the conversation because you do n't care . 
  really original . 
   in essence he 's asking for what already exists throughout europe for much smaller minorities . 
  russians are no way treated like second class citizens . 
  almost everything is in dual-language here . 
  yes , they point out city signs because these are one of the few things that are not . 
  russians can get by without estonian language their whole life here - its pretty common . 
  and russians are not minorities . 
  russia right next to us is more than 100 times bigger . 
  quite the opposite , we are minorities in the world . 
  estonian language is one of the smallest on the planet . 
  i think we have reasons try to preserve it . 
  yet we do n't do anything extraordinary compared to others . 
  it 's classical russian twisted bs . 
  if you read the whole text you 'll find out whole europe is full of xenophobes and neo-nazis suppressing islam etc. 
   there may be less instances of corruption , maybe ? 
  really . 
  and this is clearly what i 'm talking about .
