  whut ? 
  i 'm not big fan of identity based on ethnicity or nationalism . 
  i wish we were more like us , canada and australia . 
  you own a passport you are european . 
  i think merging europe into one country would change the ideology . 
  although i 'm very skeptical it happening any time soon - precisely due to nationalist identity in europe . 
  little bit late to the party , but i guess its better than nothing . 
   why should we solve this problem together ? 
  do n't be a schmuck . 
  we are in eu . 
  we should face the problems united . 
  wait , toppling the government is same as physical occupation soviet and nazi germany style , because i 'm not quite getting your example . 
  agree , thats bit of a stretch . 
  especially coming from an ceo . 
  hold the horses i would say . 
  yup , see what you mean . 
  happens to me too sometimes . 
  i guess speaking in foreign language does that . 
  plus writing is always risky in that sense . 
  fucking immigrants crossing shit , they know how risky it is to cross , we should let them die . 
  you are one of those who sees everything in negative tones . 
  have a wonderful life . 
  i know it . 
  i do believe it is known to a degree , yes . 
  you have a nice name . 
  i 'm most proud of our freedom of press and how far have we come with getting rid of corruption , do n't forget , we did very recently come from ussr which was built on corruption . 
   because estonians think they 're superior to any people labeled as eastern european no , we do n't think so , but we want others to think so . 
  its all a joke dude . 
  hopefully you understand . 
  definitely great to have you here . 
  i think permanent rotating nato forces would be best . 
  it would give everyone great training , cooperation and unifying experience . 
  so , you seem to think russia wo n't attack no matter what . 
  then we are fine . 
  because we are definitely not going to attack russia , nor will nato . 
  seems like we are all fine then . 
  just for guarantee we would like to have some troops here , troops that have zero threat to russia , as it is very small amount . 
  and russia has its guarantee already , they have largest number of nukes . 
  so , whats the problem again ? 
  i 'm biased . 
  i do n't watch estonian films , because they are too slow and boring  they can be visually pretty though . 
  people interpret comments differently and for different people different sentences stand out . 
  so . . relax . 
  you seem to think russia will attack when we have permanent nato presence . 
  i think opposite , without the presence we are at risk . 
  we both seem to want same thing , but have different understanding how to achieve it . 
  to be honest , i 'd rather die . 
  and half of my family is russian . 
  so thats that . 
  awww . . thats a big chunk of land . 
  well , you also need sun . 
  source : estonian . 
   russians are people for christs sake , not some demons who only bring misery and destruction ... of course they are people , what are you 12 , or you think i 'm 12 ? 
  we are talking about politics . 
  putin has proved to be quite aggressive leader . 
  he needs a red line . 
  permanent nato presence works perfectly . 
  `` tension '' has never been an issue . 
  it 's weakness that putins exploits , he stops when he is stopped . 
  they probably wont . 
  but a brigade will seal the deal . 
  it would be best for everybody if peace between nato and russia is guaranteed . 
  war in europe my friend . 
  i was surprised how much i loved hong kong . 
  how relaxing and romantic the city can be at nice warm night in the summer . 
  i agree that this video is not the best . 
  but look how much good stuff simon ( and vice ) has delivered . 
  clearly he is not some naive or crazy propaganda person . 
  this is mindblowing indeed . 
  i wonder how will he face his ex-colleagues and such in the future . 
  very embarrassing in my opinion . 
  first of all . 
  no offense but i bet simon , whos constantly out there , has more russian friends who he cares about deeply more than you ever will . 
  and i bet he has pretty good grasp what role putin played in everyday lives of majority of people . 
  patriotism and nationalism is fine , as long as its balanced . 
  putin is hammering with `` fox '' level patriotism on all major mainstream channels - and for majority thats all there is . 
  it is dangerous and irresponsible in my opinion . 
  the possibilities it to lead to extremes are rather high . 
  me personally am not worried about this particular parade . 
  i 'm worried about what is down the line . 
  vice is sensationalist ( although no other has been so good in reporting on war in ukraine , in my opinion ) . 
  but to compare them to a news outlet controlled by authoritarian regime is ridiculous . 
  i 'm much more worried about loss of eu popularity , in every member . 
  this quota thing has been blamed on eu even without the quota , it will just give euroskeptics actual traction . 
  i do n't think many would want to stick around in estonia . 
  they have to work here , for low wages , like everyone else . 
  while just across the sea is sweden , with 4 times better wage and unbelievable social benefit system . 
  to be frank i see what you mean . 
  but for the sake of conversation , there is certain paradox in that approach . 
  we know change is bound to happen and prediction is bound to be wrong , so lining up your policy on wrong prediction is shoot from the hip , really . 
  i think the main point is that the prediction is way too long term , we can not see demography so far to the future , it just ends up misleading . 
   if nothing changes i think the point of the u/parkitson is that it is very unlikely that nothing changes , these predictions rely on rather impossible premise . 
  why bother predicting * so far * when everyone agrees that the conditions are going to change and numbers with it . 
  thanks for great advice . 
  you do n't have to reply to every line . 
  it makes your text dragging and painful to go through . 
  we are not saying anything new here so ... say hi to orban . 
  we are going in circles . 
  people have different perception of success . 
  in my opinion , if you are not free , you are not successful , period .
