  there 's a common knowledge by now about the problems in us media , but i 'm too lazy to go over and repeat them here . 
  and pretty much every western country has problems . 
  i was just stating that us is not the best example of independent press . 
  if you say it is , then i guess agree to disagree . 
  at this point we can say with certainty , nobody cares about civilians . 
  syria 's majority are sunnis . 
  assad 's forces are not going to regain the control without external troop support . 
  if iran will send tens of thousands of soldiers , then maybe . 
  this is the part that i 'm still very skeptical about . 
  these campaigns always start with certain naivety and end in reality . 
  go have a look . 
  us is 46th . 
  most top countries are eu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index, 
  it 's the point of democracy . 
  different people vote different politicians , nobody is ever 100 % ( or 90 % in this case ) happy with the outcome . 
  dictatorships always backfire in the end , there 's no sustainability in that model . 
  europe is in crisis . 
  and europe is kind of shitty lately , i agree . 
  but the alternative is much worse . 
  having 20-30 nationalistic states squeezed into small space , thats proven to be failure so many times , going back to that would be the stupidest idea . 
  and i do n't mean to be offensive . 
  i just am really worried about latest anti-eu surge . 
  if eu will collapse , i 'm changing the continent , 
  true , but west tried to intervene in middle east before and it always ended in disaster . 
  what surprises me is that people rush into believing it will work this time . 
  without boots on the ground it will be just another obama 's bombing project which will lead to nowhere . 
  well , usa is not probably the best example in the west . 
  they have very weird corporate journalism there . 
  i doubt europe is moving towards us system too fast , and i think the borders and separate languages/cultures will keep us the way we are for long time . 
  so was bush , it really worked out fine . 
  journalist having a bias is inevitable , because humans . 
  our press is not dictated by state , thats the difference , and its a major one . 
  sorry , it happens with me a lot . 
   but it 's the duty of society to give you a chance . 
  you say there 's no chance in europe ? 
  there 's probably no better place than europe on the planet to do what you want . 
  you just have to figure out how . 
  thats what makes life exciting . 
  nobody said its going to be easy . 
  in competitive world easy is impossible . 
  this guy knows his people . 
  i would expect going from one war straight to the next would n't bring any support . 
  i guess there 's a great appetite for that . 
  putins wars definitely make a lot of sense from `` keeping in power '' aspect , he has been spot on . 
  and being russias neighbour it definitely worries me . 
  vikings are back ? 
  edit : too soon ? 
   the solution is , and i wish i was joking , loans . 
  i lived in oz . 
  its a fantastic place . 
  multiculturalism works there because they have civic nationalism . 
  thats what we need here . 
  but i wo n't hold my breath , the inertia of ethnic nationalism will keep europe down in 20th century for long time . 
  and people like geert only cultivate this primitive ideology . 
  ironically , people like him have quite a lot in common with islamists . 
  and some times it 's hard to choose who i like less . 
  they are going to close them . 
  europe just needs to go through the `` leftist '' options with cushions and soft gloves first . 
  it will not work . 
  in next few years increasingly we 'll see military involved . 
  because , reality will come home . 
  and because the current guys in power do n't want to lose all the votes , do they . 
  this is not the end . 
  not even close . 
  i bet the leaders will start moving their asses this and next year . 
  this is how europe is and always been , slow . 
  but if you say europe can be destroyed by million , or 2 mil or 3 mil refugees , then the union is not worth existing to begin with . 
  and if europe will end . 
  eventually there are going to be wars , again . 
  nationalism always leads to wars in such dense and diverse part of the world . 
  i do n't know how you refuse your citizen get back to home country . 
  i think joining foreign militant and terrorist organisations should be made illegal , if you come back you 'll be arrested and punished to highest degree . 
  it 's simple and that would make sure they wont come back voluntarily . 
  sounds like we are in western europe after all . 
  oh , we are not gays then . 
  they got the money back because they did n't get the ships . 
  hitler was a nice dude too for some germans . 
  problem starts with him murdering other nationalities and such . 
  if stalin would have stayed murdering on his own turf , nobody would give a fuck whether russians see him as a great guy or not . 
  but it is kind of offensive to see his idolisation from eastern european perspective . 
  myself being from tallinn , i think tartu has the best vibe of all the towns in estonia . 
  wait 5 of years , it 'll be other way around . 
  yeah , its called bad taste . 
  our experience differ a lot when it comes to `` brown '' people . 
  we do n't have extensive history with colonising africa and asia and have had very little contact with other races . 
  hence we are perhaps more xenophobic towards immigrants from those parts of the world . 
  it is literally being afraid of unknown , but it does n't necessarily mean `` hate '' . 
  plus we are periphery ... `` rednecks '' if you will , and rednecks are always more conservative and backward . 
  but , all that said , we are also a multicultural societies , we have been mixing with scandinavia and russia for centuries and we are definitely able to live together , no less than westerners with minorities from africa and such . 
  plus . 
  i would like to add , that so many westerners tend to omit , we are much poorer than the west and have been part of eu very short time , we are in no way ready nor in condition to be on the same level - not only economically but also mentally . 
  it 's something i 'm not happy with , but it is what it is . 
  eastern europe is in a sense a child , you ca n't force it to be grown up all of a sudden , earn the same money as parents , think like parent etc. 
  our societies need more time . 
  and lets be honest . 
  we 've done amazingly good so far . 
  if you look at the other experiments with democratisation , most of them been disastrous . 
  actual article headline ( not ops edited one ) uses quotes and substance clearly points towards sarcasm . 
   the homs liberation movement is a ` free syrian army faction close to al qaeda ' - things are just getting more and more moderate, 
  even though i agree r/europe has become somewhat a nationalist partyground , i think the other extreme it used to be is no better .
