  lukashenka personally collected the fish swimming between the mozarella and prosciutto . 
  tell that to that nestle fucker who thinks its good idea to tax the rain or whatnot . 
  due to that bikegang thingy i believe . 
  putin micromanaging masculine response . 
  we are e-fascists !, 
  another interesting idea . 
  thanks !, 
  interesting , thank you !, 
  appreciate the suggestion . 
  portugal might be a good choice , as the cost of living are similar to ours ( which is kind of ridiculous taking into account portugal used to be an empire , sort of  . 
  although i must add , i 'm not looking so much for the warmth perhaps , but its the lack of daylight during the winter that is not fun . 
  by the way , why do n't you like italy ? 
  ohh . . looks like an amazing place !, 
  will look into it , thank you !, 
  heeeey , do n't you ... !, 
  e : downvoters , i 'm joking for god sake !, 
  i 'm very worried about our political landscape after that whole distribution thingy . 
  far right is going to gain lot of votes . 
  i lived through keskerakond messing around for years , and i thought it cant get any worse than savisaar . 
  but i will definitely consider leaving if ekre going to surpass major parties . 
  do n't the effect of those two balance itself out so that you come out as feeling mediocre . 
  i really do n't see the `` hatred '' towards russia before 2008 ( i use '' '' because i think we should differentiate hatred and criticism ) . 
  people started to realize only after georgia , that russia is going back to its old ways . 
  but before that i sincerely think ( at least my perception of my surroundings and my own sentiment was ) that russia is an ally and business partner - and i was optimistic in regards to future . 
  so we have very different view on that . 
  at least your description of us 's fabricated `` hate '' did n't affect me nor did it affect our politicians nor our society , quite the opposite . 
   true, 
  well , thanks to putin 's latest tricks in ukraine i have little hope of having friendly relations in next 2-3 decades , trust is gone for very long time . 
  i 'm even more worried about what becomes after putin , with such extreme propaganda on mainstream media i 'm afraid the consequences are still to be seen - in my opinion rise of radical nationalism is inevitable . 
  but before 2008 i sincerely thought russia might become part of eu or even nato one day . 
  i guess main thing for us is to be able to defend ourselves with our allies . 
  there 's nothing to do but wait it out i guess . 
  other than that , unique country , great people , would love to visit siberia or far east some day . 
  it 's very action focused , even though sci-fi elements , characters and world building are very successful . 
  i 'd say if you did n't like the trailer there is very little chance you will enjoy the movie . 
  i agree about hardy . 
  charlize theron on the other hand , just wow ... 10/10, 
  i might be biased , i worked on max years ago in pre-production , but its a masterpiece !, 
  garland one of the most talented person in film business in my opinion . 
  his track record ( as writer ) includes beach , 28 days later , ** sunshine ** , never let me go and dredd . 
  ex machina was his first time directing . 
  so versatile and almost flawless . 
  and listening to his interviews just confirms how intelligent , thoughtful and rare personality he is . 
  mad max , 
  ex machina . 
  by alex garland . 
  such a smart , subtle and mature sci-fi . 
  my second favorite film of this year so far . 
  go away ugly bridge . 
  but the castle looks surprisingly `` modern '' . 
  very rectangular and stuff . . 
  austrias 0 was most confusing . 
  it wasnt the worst song by far !, 
  is she character from miyazaki film ? 
  we can define it that way . 
  but nowadays many use far-right also as ultra-conservatives . 
  especially in europe . 
  i 'm very glad church in estonia is very weak . 
  but we have plurality of idiots nevertheless . 
  the backlash from same-sex unions implemented last year had huge backlash , now we have few far righters in parliament . 
  good point . 
  but thats what i mean , you ca n't judge him that its `` stupid '' or not wise . 
  it 's emotional decision . 
   `` hungarians talk straight about tough things . 
  we do n't like to beat about the bush . 
  we are a frank people '' i think this is one of the most common thing i hear from right winger . 
  they always pride themselves being straight forward . 
  in reality of course it usually is just an assholes justification for being an asshole . 
  people who go fight from peaceful country really boggles my mind . 
  he must feel comfortable in dangerous situation and perhaps enjoy it to some extent . 
  but i really doubt he is stupid . 
  he must have some urge , and its beyond rationality . 
  i do lots of stupid things driven by passion . 
  not defending his position generally . 
  as i feel very confused why would anyone go to some foreign war . 
  and i 'd just say its just dull , lacks character and feels just technical . 
  although it often is with young artist ( if i 'm not mistaken these are done in school age ? ) . 
  he could turn into something or find interesting approach if he would continue . 
  so it means the `` conservatives '' ( which i 'm assuming older generation is ) are more motivated ? 
  shitstorm seems to be blowing over . 
  or not ? 
  quite a lot of good news about economy in eu lately . 
  i 'm not talking about kazakhstan and belarus . 
  i think the hot issue right now is ukraine . 
  eu has been open for longer than eeu . 
  russia is the new guy . 
  and they are trying to get clients by force , literally . 
  so , he creates jobs in russia . 
  what a monster . 
  sorry guys !, 
  i love the song . 
  i think its pretty ballsy choice . 
  come on guys , its quite good . 
  i think we are speaking about how do we identify ourselves , about the unification of europe . 
  how abbott is relative in this i have no clue . 
  whats wrong with australia ? 
  i 'm talking about ethnic nationalism . 
  us has different system of identity than us . 
  it 's more about location - does n't mean i hold my estonian identity close to my heart . 
  i think in this forum the location is pretty relevant when we discuss stuff .
