fake news , people, 
  finland killed tens of thousands of it 's own citizens in concentration camps in the 20th century, 
  what country has n't murdered countless civilians ? 
  techically , they sort of did go extinct half a millenia ago, 
  the foundations of happiness !, 
  that 's likely just the same reasoning the russians are using to justify their actions, 
  `` do what i wa n't and i 'll stop hurting you '' . 
  you people are just the worst, 
  that 's why they need the exercise, 
  over here i 'd say it 's the other way round . 
  i do n't see how service would somehow lead to having less people skills . 
  but is this how they are compensated in sweden or are you just speculating ? 
  happy to spill our blood for the swedes since 1250ad !, 
  compensated how ? 
   uhh . 
  im literally answering your question ? 
  did i stutter ? 
  ok , thanks, 
  what do you mean by `` stay mad '' ? 
  guilty by assosiation ? 
  what 's wrong with my comment history ? 
  the pics were just picked to please reddit hivemind, 
  no self-reflection , just mocking of other countries leaders ? 
  that 's brave, 
  where are you pulling these statements from ? 
  i honestly have no idea what you are talking about, 
  why no ridicule of merkel if that 's the case ? 
  brazil it is then, 
  what reality are they denying ? 
  but this one says `` vaigatsh '' on the side . . 
  plenty of old words are still recognizable, 
  just add `` i '' after most words and they work just fine as substitute finnish, 
  i 'm pretty sure we do n't use simppeli, 
  simppeli is a silly sounding slang word . 
  you could find some weird bastardization of any english word , h\u00e4ng\u00f6\u00f6veri jne . 
  they honestly did n't . 
  yksinkertainen is the right word, 
  finnish also has * simppeli * . 
  can we now into scandinavia ? 
  long lost brothers confirmed, 
  that 's your definition of nazism ? 
  easy for a swede to say with your million rivers just waiting to be damned . . 
  are you saying its better to spread nuclear material around rather than have it in one place ? 
  what about it ? 
  `` the preferred industry term `` clean coal '' has been described as `` orwellian '' , [ 2 ] an oxymoron , [ 3 ] and a myth . 
   finland is eurasia to be fair . 
  literally every european country is in eurasia . 
  india , france and vietnam are all in eurasia . 
  oh god , that stings bad !, 
  you have turkey there but not finland ? 
  this successfully annoyed me, 
   all the best . 
  to you as well, 
  you mean finns in general or my comment ? 
  if latter , just read it in morgan freemans voice the way i meant it, 
  that link does n't say anything about russians having a higher crime rate compared to other immigrants . 
   it was just a guess one way to admit ones prejudice  to be honest , i have no idea of their crime rate either . 
  could be more , could be less, 
   so what is your point ? 
  mine was that stoning does happen in russia , albeit it is not institutionalised that is precicely my point . 
  stoning doesnt happen in russia . 
  someone was killed with a stone and they were put to prison . 
  there is a huge difference , you can look up the definition from wikipedia . 
  a stoning is an orchestrated lynching in a pupblic space and it requires a massively different social setting for it to be possible to happen . 
  this could n't happen in russia . 
  see what i 'm saying ? 
   i did n't say it happens every day , i said that murders do happen and more often than many people realise . 
  what do you disagree with ? 
  saying that something happens more than people realize is just silly . 
  no matter how prejudiced people already are towards russians , they are even worse . 
  that 's what you are saying imo, 
  half my family is from russia , i 've studied the language in school , i live a stones throw from the border . 
  it 's not like i have no concept of what 's going on there and i do n't recognize your description of widespread hate of gays from any of my interactions with russians and these people live in tiny villages in the middle of nowhere . 
   go live in russia as an out-of-closet gay that seems like a lot of trouble for an internet argument . 
   i can send you links - how many would suffice ? 
  any government or other semi-reliable source will do . 
  you are making it a black and white situation . 
  there are degrees of tolerance , and russian view is way closer to western view than what the centiment in middle east is . 
  people can be publicly gay in russia , you ca n't say the same for me, 
   well it would explain the suicide rates i 'd say it 's more about losing face than being depressed . 
  fuck up good and that 's your only way out . 
   they are all mad fuckers sure , some are . 
  i bet you can find those people in any country, 
  i do n't get what you 're going for here ? 
  i hope you do n't actually believe this is how finns drink with their mates, 
  nodding will do . 
  better to reserve grunting for formal occations, 
  prove me wrong , do n't focus on character . 
  you provided a single example and from where you made the projection `` there are many cases like this '' . 
  if the original claim was to make some connection between what is happening in the middle east to what is happening in russia , i have a hunch you 'll have a hard time backing up that claim with statistics, 
  give a link to support that kind of claims . 
  there 's violence against every people everywhere . 
  open statements like that offer no information whatsoever . 
  i 'd be interested to see these stats you 're referring to, 
  day by day that 's starting to make more sense, 
   happens much more often than you might be thinking, 
  you have a good point . 
  the problem is more in the treaties we are * not * following . 
  for example the dublin regulation states that refugees must apply for asylym in the first participant country they enter . 
  following some treaties while ignoring others is one reason for the situation we are in right now,
