i heard that we are also not getting invited to his birthday party . 
  and he told his friend betty that we are a total bitch . 
  so there !, 
  cool , but god damn do n't use that huge knife to carve or chop veggies unless you are done having fingers . 
  as a swede i am now obligated to try to sell you on a [ morakniv ] ( http://www.moraofsweden.se/home-1.0.115.2 ) to compliment your new machete . 
  there was a really great comment on reddit on the whole issue of the russian expat class - did anyone save it ? 
  he basically talked about the intellectual/tech class of people being too outnumbered to affect any change and this leading to them leaving the country . 
  would you say that the more you dilute it , the funnier it gets ? 
  because this is the government ( red/green coalition ) trying to build consensus for the policies they want to push in the coming three years , so that they will pass and also stay in place past the next election . 
  the last meeting i mention the right wing alliance government invited the social democrats to talk about pensions in order to create an agreement a majority of parties can get behind . 
  it is not a context in which policies are radically changed , so you do not invite those that are radically opposed to your own view . 
  this is not an official part of the parliamentary system . 
  the last government did not want to talk pensions with the green party or the left in a similar context . 
  you do n't discuss common policy if you have no shared view on a subject . 
  i do n't think your countrymen would have been very happy if we had done that to them in -68 . 
  `` they '' are other european nations that needs your help to handle this . 
  `` it '' will end when the horrible war they are fleeing from ends . 
  no one wants this , but we can either handle it together or leave a lot of people to die . 
  sweden actually performs age tests on persons they suspect of lying about their age . 
  last year this was 10 % of the underage arrivals , and 66 % of those suspected turned out to be 18 + . 
  for the group i was talking about ( prepubescent children ) there would really be no point in dishonesty - you ca n't pretend to not have gone thru puberty . 
  about 10 % of them are under 12 ( swedish numbers ) , so there are definitely some small kids that need help . 
  i 'm not the person you were addressing so i do n't know about `` avoiding '' your questions . 
  but : all parties have bad apples . 
  but not enough to have a scandal a week for years on end . 
  and i do n't know anything that compares with having the leader of your youth organization try to assassinate another politician with a hand grenade . 
  as for how long ago is long enough : well , when the behavior has well and truly stopped , is that long enough ? 
  it was a few weeks ago now that they arrested an sd politician with half a ton of explosives . 
  their speaker of the house hates gays * now * , when is that going to be in the past ? 
  it 's not that everyone who votes for them is a boot-tamping , book-burning nazi . 
  it 's that the actual people who are in charge of the party all joined when that is what the party was . 
  the rhetoric has changed , but the actual policies are a little too similar . 
  people have legitimate grievances mixed up with fear , and are therefore giving power to people who should not have it . 
  skeletons like that , and so recently ? 
  only sd . 
  then what chance will any decent person from a broken country have ? 
  and asylum seekers tend to come from places that there is a good reason to flee from . 
  i think i want 0:57 of my life back . 
  do not listen to him , he is drunk !, 
  ^ also , ^ ^ he ^ ^ ^ has ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ knife . 
  we used to have integrated schools - i went to one - and they did work . 
  it 's no miracle cure but it absolutely worked . 
   hand grenade man robert vesterlund , also a suspect of murder at the time . 
  fun guy . 
  leader of the youth organization 1993-94 . 
   one of their politicians shook hands with franz sch\u00f6nhuber in their 20s you mean . 
  it 's not like he was hanging with people trying to restore the third reich . 
  oh yes , that one time . 
  except for the party founders gustav ekstr\u00f6m , fritz h\u00e5kansson and g\u00f6sta bergqvist . 
  only one of which was in the ss , but all were nazis . 
  fun guys . 
   you were politically active over 21 years ago ? 
  i was i school , but yes , i 'm likely older than you  and more like 17 years ago - the guys did not get the message . 
   nope . 
  \u00c5kesson and most of the gang of four joined when mikael jansson was elected due to his party reforms ( neo-nazis were kicked out and went to form hembygdspartiet when he was elected ) and his strongly euroskeptic stance . 
  except that the rule about not wearing uniforms and such came after a meeting in 1996 ( party leader \u00c5kesson joined in 1995 ) because they got attention for burning books about the holocaust and wearing nazi uniforms . 
  fun people . 
  so the cleanup was hardly far along when the leaders joined , nor a very serious effort . 
  [ bj\u00f6rn s\u00f6der ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/byswmdoimaaes53.jpg:large ) , current vice speaker of the riksdag , party secretary until this this year . 
  there are major problems , but i think this woman has been listening to some very poor sources because a lot of her rhetoric sounds exactly like the one of the swedish democrats . 
  if you are wondering about the lack of cooperation with this party ( any actual censorship i would like to see sourced ) , it has a lot to do with the fact that they are the old hardcore racist party of the 90 's . 
  the leader of their youth-organization planned to assassinate another politician with a hand grenade , current leaders went to conferences with ss-soldiers and i myself was chased and beaten by their skinhead supporters . 
  they are not golden dawn any more but all of their leadership joined the party when this was the case . 
  they are not going to be the ones to solve any immigration issues . 
  i used to work in one of the suburbs this article claims the police dare not enter . 
  it 's nothing like the ghetto you are picturing . 
  people there do n't have jobs , and you 'll find kids skipping school hanging out in the center but you absolutely do not have to be afraid to go there . 
  no one is going to set fire to your car and isis will not show up to chase you out . 
  most of the crime happens in the city center . 
  i 've never heard of this accusation and i would not have believed it for a second if i had . 
  you saw the opportunity and you took it . 
  good on you . 
  we found out about vitamin d. 
  if you are good at something , never do it for free ( ok , sometimes ), 
  * i 've come to talk with you again *, 
  zweden sounds like some sort of teenage phase . 
  egypt probably had a guy sit around and rant like this thousands of years ago about barbaric white people who could not be civilized . 
  `` only educated people from the north african kingdoms can be trusted to handle trade '' he would have said . 
  and then that times version of me would have called him an idiot . 
  you are an idiot . 
  a right wing narrative that is [ not true ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/sweden/gdp-growth ) . 
  it 's hard to make that argument for the swedish democrats , if they are basically social democrats they are voting very strangely . 
  the reason this is not punishable is the same reason calling yourself the `` fashion police '' is not punishable : there is no such thing and you are impersonating no one . 
  printing it on a vest does not make you one any more than your t-shirt makes you a female body inspector . 
  i ca n't find any record of those incidents ( i suppose you could argue the piracy in that they have physically stopped whaling ships ) . 
  could you provide sources ? 
  but marching is what they usually do , so it 's very likely . 
  sometimes they scale buildings and put up banners . 
  so they were planing to march without a permit ? 
  what horrible eco terrorists !, 
  this is only the fate of the human race , how dare they resort to civil disobedience ?!, 
  considering [ recent history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_of_the_rainbow_warrior ) i think that france should be careful throwing around labels such as terrorists when talking about greenpeace . 
  that is the most current example of a ban , how is it confusing things ? 
  my argument is simply that selling organs and slavery are in no way comparable to the self harm of wearing a burka . 
  people who want a ban are motivated by other things . 
  naked people sitting on public seating , mainly . 
  not exactly a huge problem . 
  the french cities that banned the burka/burkini on the beach did not do it because it was harming the women , they did it because they found the sight of people wearing them offensive . 
  the reason many people want to ban the burka is not only that it keeps a few hundred women unjustly isolated but that its sight offends them . 
  this is the reason stated by the french cities that have banned it .
