  that gets annoying ... , 
  precisely . 
  this is also why questions like `` what european country is the best to move to as an american/x-nationality '' ( appearing on / r/askeurope ) are useless . 
  it completely depends on what the individual wants . 
  you want to pay a lot of taxes in return for great social security ? 
  look at the nordics . 
  you want a region with a strong economy ? 
  look at germany . 
  want good spaghetti and pizza ? 
  italy . 
  you want shitty nhs and brown teeth with a funny accent ? 
  want to go to france ? 
  nobody wants to go to france . 
  i do in fact feel canadians are closer in terms of ideology ( and sometimes culture ) than americans . 
  although i feel the same way about new englanders , new yorkers , i.e. 
  the ones that have had proper education without too much ideological propaganda . 
  canadians are much more internationally oriented , not unlike most europeans . 
  for instance , i 've never had to explain where the netherlands is to a canadian , or how it differs from holland . 
  granted , i 've met significantly more americans . 
  there is quite some distance between me and southern republicans , both culturally and ideologically . 
  in fact , a progressive new yorker is much closer to me than a russian or southern republican . 
  can i have the rights to that movie ? 
   americonology we usually call that american studies . 
  i just graduated . 
   what he said is bollocks of course , but it does have a grain of truth to it . 
  * some * americans ( on forums like reddit ) do seem to think the us is still the best country on earth . 
  it is n't . 
  no single country is `` the best '' . 
  you ca n't learn from each other without socializing . 
  more beer for hostels for the prosperity of the entire union !, 
  well is n't that basically good news ? 
  we 've got a jester , but otherwise business is smooth enough to go unnoticed . 
  i do n't hate him , but he is scary . 
  i was never told he was real anyway . 
  i think parents who tell their kids sinterklaas or santa is real are fucked in the head lahey . 
  yeah , okay . 
  it did n't occur to me zwarte piet was racist until i was in my early teens . 
  he 's just not presented as a african/antillian/surinamese person at all . 
  different categories . 
  but some people do find it offensive , and well , who needs the real santa 's helpers to be blackfaces anyway ? 
  there is a dutch saying , `` waar een wil is , is een weg '' . 
  i just found out it exists in englis too : where there is a will , there is a way . 
  geert wilders is an idiot . 
  and so is everyone who supports him . 
  it 's actually quite funny see [ the kind of scum they have in the parliament ] ( http://translate.google.nl/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=nl&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fnl.wikipedia.org%2fwiki%2feric_lucassen&amp;edit-text= ) . 
  there are a lot of problems in the bigger cities , but pvv is fueled by irrational fears . 
  it 's actually a pretty nice place with their moules frites . 
  you never hear about them ( or at least , anything outside of brussels ) but they have more inhabitants than sweden and estonia combined . 
  in fact , there are more people living in belgium and the netherlands combined ( sort of what used to be the united kingdom of the netherlands ) than in all of scandinavia ( even if you include finland and iceland ) . 
  / offtopic, 
  that 's just a blanket statement . 
  i dislike zwarte piet personally , but to say zwarte piet makes the dutch racist is ridiculous . 
  o god 10s and 20s danish and swedish film industries rivaled germany , france and the soviet union , world leaders at the time . 
  greta garbo , benjamin christensen , ole olsen , sj\u00f6str\u00f6m etc. 
  what keeps ya ? 
   quite racist whut ? 
  estonia is to finland what belgium is to the netherlands . 
  in hostels they are the one who keep to themselves . 
  so hoa people are like the / r/technology and / r/netherlands mods . 
  it is kind of ironic that in the united states - land of the free - homeowners associations ( hoas ) get to decide what kind of plants you have in your garden . 
  i do n't think so . 
  he looks like he could whoop any of our asses all day long ... 
  a lot !, 
  freeriding and having 3:30 pm caf\u00e9 coffees every day . 
  thanks . 
  did not know that . 
  i alsways sort of assumed napoleon started with names because he was in flanders before he was up north . 
  i have no idea if that holds water . 
  i should freshen up on european history , 
  hofstad is another word for the hague . 
  it is most likely a dutch name with flemish origins . 
  flemish names usually have an older spelling . 
  maes vs maas , jans ( s ) en vs janssens etc. 
  hofstad is a dutch name , not sure if they share roots . 
  tldr sounds more flemish than german to me . 
  the probable implication of implementation of these rules is invasion . 
  but this is probably a minority group 's actions , so nothing will come of it . 
  rijstafel is amazing . 
  surinamese roti is very nice as well , but i 'd pass on surinamese food for indonesian food 7 out of 10 times . 
  although combination restaurants with surinamese-indonesian kitchens exist as well . 
  the surinamese kitchen borrows a lot from the indian kitchen since surinam has a sizable hindustan community . 
  kibbeling is nice , but i prefer lekkerbekjes , because they are fairly similar and cheaper . 
  if you ever get the chance , go to the former island of urk on urkerdag ( urk day ) . 
  you 'll be able to get fried schol ( european plaice ) and tong ( common sole ) and smoked eel at very good prices . 
  these fishes are available on any day of the year , but usually they are pricier and urkerdag is very nice in general . 
  my personal favorite food is soused herring on a white bun with onions . 
  heaven . 
  i also dig good pisang goreng ( fried banana ) and goreng udang ( fried shrimps ) . 
  they are probably up there in the top 5 with herring . 
  we have indonesian and vietnamese food instead though . 
  i didnt expect to find anything dutch here . 
  good to know . 
  unfortunately i 'm lactose intolerant . 
  for a brief second i thought this was a trailer park boys reference . 
  i wonder sometimes if the us really likes to have a strong and united europe . 
  they are going to need us to form a power balance against brics in the future , because neither of us can do it alone , but it is not going to be anything like it was when the soviet union was still around and weakened europe was rising from the ashes of wwii . 
  haha no you 're out of luck . 
  more like spotted : darwin awards candidate, 
  i got 71.5 kmh down a col in the elzas on my mtb . 
  i was n't wearing a helmet .
