yeah those comments gave me the flu . 
  damnit ... well , could have been worse . 
  as long as it never becomes a default subreddit we 'll be fine ( it is not right ? ) . 
  one of the better large subreddits i 'm on . 
  `` brits have the best dental care in europe . '', 
  yeah right . 
  i 'm not 100 % he is a troll , but i thought why not check out post history to find that out and i found out he is dutch . 
  why pretend you are american if you are not ? 
  maybe he is a troll after all . 
  first of all you probably have a point with basketball and baseball . 
  though it must be noted that many soccer clubs would go belly up if they lose any more sponsorship deals . 
  not real and man united of course , but mid to low table clubs in the premier leagues of smaller countries are really struggling . 
  but if you ca n't figure out that the word `` cleaner '' is n't as much a judgment as it is an observation i 'm not sure whether this discussion serves any point . 
  there is really nothing to get defensive about . 
  i do n't in any way shape or form hate america . 
  in fact i 've got a permanent visa application going atm . 
  so calm down , i 'm not attacking any aspect of american society . 
  just observing differences . 
  well i have to respectfully disagree . 
  sure in amsterdam there are plenty billboards , but the european highways/motorways/autobahns are so much `` cleaner '' than american ones . 
  it is not necessarily a bad thing though . 
  i like a bit of visual imagery around when i 'm driving for hours on the american highways . 
  in that sense driving the e26 from hamburg to berlin is much more boring than i-95 , imho . 
  i do n't care for arby 's and mcdonald 's billboards but local and regional billboards for museums , restaurants , sights etc. 
  are nice to look at . 
  btw , you do n't really needs ads on jersey 's if you have commercial breaks every 5 minutes . 
  no doubt . 
  actually almere and lelystad have fairly decent `` suburbs '' but the cities are n't interesting in and by themselves . 
  well , unless you are incredibly interested in city planning . 
  they are basically a sim city fan 's wet dream . 
  in europe the lack of advertisements is seen as a big draw , as an advertisement for the place itself even . 
  american highways are full of bill boards , in europe ( most ) countries have policies that make that illegal . 
  have you been to lelystad and almere ? 
  i think a major cause for the delay was that an unqualified italian `` engineer '' designed the ventilation system that had to be redesigned from the ground up because it was n't up to standard . 
  sounds like my ideal world . 
  but then again , you 'd get pretty sick of that pretty soon . 
  the second one does n't seem extremely overweight . 
  i should get me one of those fancy screens with calibrated color representation . 
  that or we could just invade luxembourg . 
  and so ... 
  original case of / r/dunglish you got there . 
  i have n't heard and so forth/enzovoort abbreviated like that in english . 
  exactly . 
  i mean , call us a bundesstaat or something like that for flying fuck 's sake . 
  the french should get there own nra . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  they do n't need it if they can read . 
  the northern states still get pretty hot summers though . 
  denmark , germany and austria . 
  also flanders is not unlike some southern parts of the netherlands . 
  i have n't seen a single drunk tourist outside my hotel when i was in mallorca . 
  it 's not ibiza you know . 
  lots of different nationalities went to space , but mostly with the russian soyuz nowadays . 
  india , spacex , esa . 
  btw , define spaceship . 
  yuengling is pretty decent too , and yes it is american . 
  that 's not my view of europe in the 70s at all . 
  for me it is plastics , popular music , individualism , end of widespread religion , television , squatters etc. 
  must be the east/west divide . 
  whut ? 
   western european countries love a good oil war you are all like `` hey it was n't just me , others did it too , '' and that 's okay . 
  because fuck war . 
  i 'm pretty sure abracadabra is hebrew/arameic . 
  do n't mention berlin brandenburg airport !, 
  relevant username dude . 
  i have lived in europe all my life and i have never experienced such grave things , and i have lived in several cities with relatively a large muslim communities . 
  i do have a few muslim friends though , and they are awesome . 
  that 's fox-speak . 
  these are the small minority of muslims in europe . 
  works the other way around too . 
  spain . 
  it went their for the first time last year and it was awesome . 
  better weather , good food ( somewhat unexpected ) , nice architecture , beautiful surroundings . 
  all in all one of the best holiday destinations . 
  too bad the economy is in shambles . 
  i 'm also very fond of our neighbors germany and in particular berlin . 
  such a worldly city . 
  and my third place would have to be either sweden ( or scandinavia as a whole ) or austria . 
  not automatically . 
  if she is married ( i read that he is her boyfriend ) she may have become a permanent resident , but not necessarily a citizen . 
  citizenship through marriage is an option only after at least three years of marriage . 
  is she a dutch citizen ? 
  if you do n't buy a house and car way above what you can afford you can easily afford to lose 30 % of your income - in most of the western world - , if you do not have kids or senior parents to care for . 
  i would survive comfortably with as little as 60 % of my income . 
  the problem is that if this happens to a large portion of the middle class the economic consequences are going to be far beyond that 30 % . 
  it 's been a long time since rt was last taken seriously by the international community . 
  good question , but i think you should really look at this as an individual incident . 
  it should not have happened , but it did . 
  if i were an atheist lesbian i would vote cda too  . 
  sure , and there is the cu which seems to be doing well with the `` not so orthodox '' churches , such as baptists , evangelicals , reformed churches in the netherlands ( liberated ) , protestant church in the netherlands ( without perhaps the conservative chapter gereformeerde bond ) and such . 
  and a lot of casual christians , both catholics and protestants still vote for cda . 
  but nowadays cda is a mainstream party of course . 
  there is quite an overlap though . 
  i know exactly what kind of people you talk about ... 
  they are usually nice hardworking people though . 
  usually . 
  except the dutch bible belt does n't like the pope . 
  yeah , op made a mistake . 
  he assumed a flat rate . 
  so how is your french ?
