  ru is n't really considered to be the best overall ( though it 's by no means bad ) , but it is internationally known for its great economics/business school . 
  i was just naming a few of the big names , not really paying attention to specific faculties . 
  check out www.mastersportal.eu to search for masters . 
  stay clear of english universities , as they 're expensive . 
  scottish universities are still an option as the government pays the fees in most cases . 
  if you 're fluent in italian , check out those universities , otherwise you 'll probably find most luck with english masters in germany , belgium , the netherlands , or the nordics . 
  they 're super cheap too ( as in max $ 2000 to absolutely free ) . 
  remember cost of living is a bit higher in the nordics than the other mentioned countries . 
  top choices would be : eth z\u00fcrich , university of edinburgh , karolinska institute , lmu m\u00fcnchen , ku leuven , leiden university , utrecht university , freie universit\u00e4t berlin , lund university . 
  but really there are plenty other great universities . 
  just scan the top universities lists for inspiration . 
  if you 're not in any particular hurry , take a train to a dutch border town with a shuttle train going across the border . 
  this shuttle train will set you back $ 4 , the trip from amsterdam to one such town , hengelo ( probably closest ) , is a $ 20 ride . 
  you can check out prices on www.ns.nl . 
  in germany you can get a sch\u00f6nes wochenende ticket ( during the weekend ) or quer-durchs-land ticket ( outside of rush hours during the week ) . 
  these base tickets cost you around $ 44 euros , but the thing is , you can travel with up to 4 ( quer ticket ) or 5 people ( weekend ticket ) on one ticket ( with a small surcharge of $ 8 per every extra person on the quer ticket , so 44 +8 for two , 44 +16 for three etc. ) . 
  the only thing is , you can only travel on nahverkehr trains , which means local trains . 
  takes up close to twice as long to get there , but you to get to see a few different trains from the inside . 
  this is the absolutely cheapest way if you do n't want to hitchhike . 
  check out www.db.de for the german tickets . 
  because there 's no surcharge in the weekends that ticket is cheaper , but both options are quite cheap . 
  bonus tip : print your nahverkehr travel plan for free on one of the deutsche bahm ticket machines . 
  make sure to start your trip early , because bad bentheim ( across the border from almelo ) to berlin is an 8 hour train ride on 3-6 trains or so , depending on time . 
  this looks more complicated than it is , it 's easily doable with only a bit of planning . 
  the dutch and germans not in a hurry are very willing to help you out , but the ticket vending machines have an english option . 
  well i definitely am not rich . 
  it 'll cost me a rib and a kidney . 
  that 's probably one of the main reasons i got into camping anyway . 
  i was in riga in early 2013 . 
  loved it , but i got to keep moving . 
  my next big stop is the canadian rockies ... 
  add some decent weather and i 'm with you 100 % . 
  thanks . 
  i was just curious . 
  i 'm a bit fed up with the lack of nothingness , if you will . 
  everything is zoned , while all i want is a bit of wilderness . 
  why ? 
  sure , i agree with all of that . 
  i just do n't think paris is a good example . 
  paris is really quite filthy and has a lot of illegal immigrants ( which means poverty ) and a lot of other social problems in `` immigrant neighborhoods '' . 
  paris is cleaner than chicago ? 
  i 've only been to chicago a couple of times , but i 've got to disagree . 
  paris stinks . 
  what is ankara doing in that list ? 
  i 've never been there , but it is n't a european city . 
  i think that european cities , especially those in northern europe are in better condition than american cities . 
  if you have higher taxes , there 's more money to spend . 
  what always bothers me in the us is how filthy roadsides are . 
  as soon as you cross the border into canada it gets way nicer . 
  edit : i a word, 
  so witty . 
  for a long time anything beyond berlin was considered east in the western world of course . 
  my no . 
  1 pick would be austria ( or s\u00fcd-bayern ) . 
  i love the relaxed attitude and mountains . 
  other options would be norway ( for wild nature ) , spain ( andalucia , for weather ) . 
  i 'm from ~ ~ apparent utopia ~ ~ the netherlands , btw . 
  i 'm a dutch student in the netherlands . 
  it is n't really all too common to smoke weed as students . 
  sure it 's done sometimes , but it is n't like everybody does it all the time . 
  i 'm under the impression that international students and students abroad smoke a lot more than we do . 
  i only know a handful of people who tried other things besides brownies and weed . 
  that is probably because everybody could just buy weed any time they want . 
  it is n't that special anymore . 
  i would probably want to vote for the green or libertarian party , because the gop and the dems both have a majority of money driven , power hungry idiots . 
  those who are somewhat independent often have little choice but to cooperate with what party leadership wants . 
  irl i would probably vote for clinton if she wins the nomination , though . 
  2012 's republican primaries were a ludicrous display . 
  i would n't want one of those to even come near the wh . 
  did not know that . 
  i always thought france did a lot of fireworks on july 14th , but i always happened to be in the wrong ( rural ) place . 
  here in nl there is plenty of firework on new year 's eve , not unlike that video . 
  they do n't do this in france ? 
  about sums it up . 
  since our taste seems to match , i would suggest to watch un proph\u00e8te if you can get your hands on it . 
  and possibly rabat , my favorite dutch film . 
  if only you 'd read . 
   that you ca n't get somewhere else, 
  peanutbutter m&m s and steak . 
  that 's about it . 
  not much good food in america that you ca n't get somewhere else . 
  but make sure to teach them with the right g :p, 
  a lot of dutch people say friet . 
  i 'd say it is about 30 % -70 % or 20 % -80 % . 
  on the popular dutch forum fok.nl , it was sort of usual for complete discussions on the topic of patat/friet to erupt in any thread that either word would come up . 
  i suppose they are nice as well . 
  i grew up in flevoland , so i 'm used to that kind of thing . 
  nl : basically any of the `` famous '' beaches and dunes at domburg , scheveningen , katwijk , noordwijk , zandvoort , ijmuiden , egmond , bergen etc. 
  or , preferably , one of the northern islands . 
  ameland is my favorite i think . 
  i feel like stupid americans are more vocal than stupid europeans . 
  it has to do with language of course ( huge audience ) , but also media platforms . 
  the worst newspapers i know of are from the us and uk . 
  also american public schools cause people to underperform . 
  `` did i do that ? '', 
  i would n't mind not hearing that . 
  boy do i get pissed when pedestrian tourists get agitated when you race past them on the fucking bike path . 
  it 's not like it is n't obvious they should n't be walking there . 
  i went to a history museum in riga once . 
  i was really shocked .
