  if you are not the tax avoiding type , greece may not be the country you 'll feel most home in :p . 
  en hollande : mostly beer . 
  it 's the causal drink . 
  wine is regarded somewhat posh and for dinner . 
  sweet white wine is popular among women and widely available as a substitube for beer . 
  spirits are for party shots mostly , but jenever is popular with the older generation . 
  how do they do product launches like that in finland ? 
  do they just drop ps4s in the countryside or something ? 
  if queues were consumer products , british people would line up for it . 
  brace yourselves , consumerism is n't going away . 
  our culture and economy are dependent on it . 
  actually , i recently handed in my final paper for my bachelor and in it i argued that in fact gaming products do in fact have limited shelf life . 
  no harm done . 
  in that case , not all dutch people `` hate muslims '' . 
  not even close . 
  you really do n't know what `` pvv '' means , do you ? 
  for racism , please go to / r/imabigot . 
  really , or are you confusing a part of the pvv demographic with all netherlanders ? 
  that 's true . 
  also anecdotal evidence clearly proves the netherlands is basically hitler . 
  / s no , the netherlands is n't multicultural utopia , but that was an unrealistic expectation to begin with . 
  i 'm majoring in a pretty international field and the international students ( german , british , american mostly ) hate us for never allowing them the chance to learn our language . 
  yes , i like to farbetter my english , there is toch nothing wrong with !, 
  you are 100 % right . 
  gov ' t austerity only works when people spend , but then there 's usually no need for austerity . 
  i was on an android app , so i did n't see his flag , but i did read his username . 
  stahp you are confirming all kinds of stereotypes here ... :|, 
  no there is n't . 
  end of discussion . 
  i 'm sure youre not from northern europe then ... in tab water jargon here `` chilled '' means warmer than tab water . 
  i too would like to see it tried out in switzerland , but it 's still unlikely that it will . 
  at least so i was told by a swiss redditor . 
  well what does it tell you ? 
  it tells you squat or you are misinterpretating . 
  many europeans are n't all that happy with their intelligence , especially when they work together with the devil herself . 
  i 'd like to see a poll whether european citizens would like their own snowden . 
  i sure would . 
  a big hurray for democratic russia . 
  really looking forward to breaking down . 
  i refuse to let a tory nutjob change my view of british people . 
  but how fast is it around our track ? ... 
  that means handing it over to our tamed racing driver . 
  some say that he eats electrons with petrol for breakfast , and that elon musk has a tatoo of him on his derri\u00e8re . 
  buy all the cheap electronic devices !, 
  we just do n't have that many extremely rich people in europe ... and the rich that we do have wo n't show it off quite in the same way . 
  cultural differences . 
  our rich do still as like dicks too often , though . 
  is it that bad ? 
  where are you going , if you do n't mind telling ? 
  have you checked out / r/iwantout ? 
  all the russians in the netherlands and the dutch with russian backgrounds that i know are quite alright actually . 
  for me there is no chance i will start to hate the russian people for this . 
  however i must say , rich russian tourists are about the worst kind of tourist i can imagine . 
  how awful that children do n't seem to be as protected . 
  you still live in russia ? 
  probably germany . 
  great weizen beers , great tech industry , nice people and my favorite winter vacation destination ( inzell ) . 
  but austria and sweden are close , very close . 
  well i 've been to those , and sure , many americans have found a way to avoid walmart or do n't use it for grocery shopping . . but there is nothing in those premium stores that is out of the extraordinary . 
  well , similar stores in europe do always have plenty fresh produce , hence the us is a little worse . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  walmart is the most visited store in the us --  does n't always have fresh produce . 
  unthinkable in western europe . 
  btw , it 's not just walmart . 
  there are others . 
  well , similar stores in europe do always have plenty fresh produce , hence the us is a little worse . 
  it 's really not that hard . 
  i 'll admit to one thing , often i did n't stay long enough in one area to find the best local supermarkets . 
  but i bet i have seen supermarkets in more states and areas than the average american . 
  and i 've been all over europe as well and i have never experienced that i could n't buy fresh vegetables , in any store , even the ones in shady neighborhoods . 
  but i 've been in american neighborhoods where walmarts did n't have any fresh products . 
  probably because they would sell so little , or because it would be too expensive to do so . 
  in europe , this has never happened to me , and as i 've said , i 've been around . 
  i 've even been to some of the worst neighborhoods . 
  let me ask you this , have you been abroad ? 
  because if you 've been in europe long enough , you 'd know i am right . 
  and that 's only vegetables . 
  do n't get me started on bread . 
  americans suck at bread . 
  disclaimer : i totally love america and its farmers markets though , we could use some of those . 
  and that of google and the like . 
  really precious business . 
  not . 
  that 's right , at least we 'll see . 
  i 'll take my 20 % survival chances over imminent starvation any day of the week . 
  that 's just finland talking . 
  ca n't hear you over all the ikeas you do n't have . 
  good luck supporting 300k people on rotten fish alone . 
  the older the food , the more taste !, 
  tu delft also has some high tech , but definitely not as much as eindhoven . 
  well if you take literally literally you are right ... but who does that nowadays ; ), 
  `` all over europe '' does n't mean they are literally everywhere . 
  it simply means you can find them in numerous european countries . 
  there may be exceptions , but that was hardly my point . 
  i think you are misinformed about lidl in europe http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lidl#operations, 
  wifi sucks when in drenthe . 
  that 's exactly like aldi and lidl ( german stores found all over europe and even some in the states ) . 
  they are super cheap but the overall quality is fine . 
  but i 've been to some whole foods , meijers , delullos , americab aldi and some others as well and they were definitely better . 
  target is definitely worse than walmart in my experience .
