  in the winter however , northern days are much shorter . 
  this probably is the reason for much of the pollution . 
  the ruhr region is much more similar to the randstad than paris or london , i would say . 
  they sort of have similar pollution too . 
  `` somebody that i used to know ... 
  somebodeeyyeyy !! 1 ! '', 
  the east of ukraine is not nearly as densely populated as western europe . 
  believe me , i 'm from sauron 's eye . 
  yes , but then you should do the same for the netherlands . 
  the populated randstad ( which includes all the big cities in the western part of the netherlands ) , has about 7 million inhabitants , and is a lot more industrious than paris , when it comes to ports , refineries and general industries . 
  also , the randstad is n't that much bigger than paris when it comes to area . 
  if the wind were santa , the netherlands would be the north pole . 
  yeah , about 7 million people live in the dutch randstad ( which is sort of like the ruhr region , but different ) . 
  i think this may be a [ factor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westland_%28region%29,_netherlands ) . 
  also , there are plenty lorries/semi trucks going back an forth between other industrious areas and the rotterdam port . 
  and there are also the refineries . 
  shell is dutch , remember ? 
  you said you wanted freight and tomotoes ... we ca n't help but pollute !, 
  yup . 
  i think dutch supermarkets only round cash payments . 
  it happens quite often that the last digit is n't a zero or a five with debit payments . 
  please do n't laugh . 
  at least 5 consecutive days with max temperatures of over 25c/77f of which at least 3 days are over 30c/86c . 
  yup , we are way up north and have a cool oceanic climate . 
  i have n't had the joy of experiencing a texas summer yet , but even new england gets these temperatures regularly . 
  nice !, 
  cool . 
  what 's your army like ? 
  netherlands : first ` official ' heatwave since 2006 . 
  one train broke down at a place where people could n't exit . 
  8 people fainted . 
  that 's about all i picked up as i spent the week on an internet diet in berlin . 
  denmark must be the only country that can not beat the netherlands when it comes to mountains . 
  wait i thought php was canadian . 
  if you are form the netherlands , even a speed bump counts as a mountain . 
  i would have to agree with what potverdorie wrote . 
  seriously , f you if you are going to make a big deal out of the - tje , you complacent french toast , you with that poignant excuse you call cheese , you philosophical quasi-liberal copycats , royalty inducing republican scum !, 
  socialists !, 
  `` jaa du bist ein ** leckere frau merkel '' - nope it does n't work . 
  what 's that ? 
  ( i recently discovered that washing machines have filters ), 
  what 's so good about the double k ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i spend a week in s\u00fcdbayern / salzburg every year . 
  i totally love the german down there . 
  i do n't speak it too well , but when i do i try do it that way . 
  favorite word : schifahren , which is pronounced like schiforren . 
  i 've had an $ 8 + .5 l beer in nyhavn , kopenhagen . 
  was the cheapest on the list . 
  mike ross in the house !, 
  many kinds of gambling are legal . 
  well by me not going he might actually be right about that in a way . 
  it 's more like a political statement that i want to make . 
  i think turkey is a great country with a relatively free history that will likely overcome this rediculous administration , but for now i will go someplace else . 
  i was actually considering going to turkey this summer . 
  not gon na happen . 
  the older series ran from 1959-1963 , the newer series was from 91-92 . 
  that is about 10 years older than both your estimates , but that 's okay  . 
  well , why are there more funds available for cancer research than stones on greenland ? 
  because science is a human practice . 
  we can still practice objectively , but ultimately we are selective . 
  we can still have unethical motives while researching impirically . 
  i watched a bit of it . 
  i laughed out loud when i heard `` science has no ego '' . 
  not that i am at odds with the idea of empiricism , but to claim that empiricism has no ego is to claim that science spreads in a arbitrary manner . 
  history shows it does n't . 
  what history shows is this : science is human , it is neither unsoiled by ideology , nor objective . 
  it paints a objective picture with subjective paint . 
  its methods may be impeccable ( although it often is n't ) , but its motive rarely is . 
  announcement : tl ; dr at bottom . 
  `` applied marxism was not formulated by marx . '', 
  applied marxism is n't marxism , it is despotism with a marxist flavour that 's all . 
  by very definition it does n't work , because the marxist revolution is a revolution of the proletariat , the immenent revolution by the workers for the workers . 
  that did n't happen in russia , it was forced . 
  and personally i think it would never happen , at least not in late capitalism ( post-1920s capitalism ) . 
  we are really content with capitalism because it allows us to consume , which gives us the idea of freedom . 
  neomarxist marcuse argues that we are have this false choice ( of things to consume , everything is consumable ) under which we are free . 
  the irony is that this freedom at the same time binds us to the consumer system . 
  in fact , poverty is one of capitalism 's features , as baudrillard argues . 
  it is part of the system , but false affluence has already made us forget that real affluence is in human relations , rather than commodity . 
  you could argue that a lack of false affluence would have us revolt , but the opposite is true . 
  we will revolt , but not against the system , for we expect the system to provide jobs . 
  so we can consume again , and feel a `` false '' happiness for a short second , before the next and latest commodity gets our attention . 
  according to postmarxist baudrillard there is another reason we do not revolt in europe . 
  in `` america '' he argues the united states is without historicity , it lives in a `` utopia achieved '' . 
  it does n't need revolution because it has convinced itself it has already accomplished everything . 
  ( if your life fails in the us it is your own fault ) . 
  the moral of the story in america : everything is fine as long as you live the dream !, 
  in europe we 've been conditioned with a strong sense of history . 
  this gives us intellectuality and analytical insight . 
  americans ca n't do that very well ( the lack of prominent of cultural critics is witness to this ) . 
  but we come to a similar conclusion about revolution . 
  we need no revolution because it does n't work . 
  whatever we try , we will continue to make mistakes , as history shows . 
  big revolutions do not make a difference . 
  debord argued in the society of the spectacle ( although he did see options for revolution ) that neither labour nor capital is any longer in control , even though the system ( or spectacle , as he called it ) hugely favours the capital . 
  what 's in control now is the spectacle , the system of representation . 
  there no longer is real production and real commodity , because they are now all representations of the real , and through the spectacle we can no longer see the real . 
  he even goes as far as to say that the spectacle ( the body of images that mediate our human relations to us ) and the real are not longer two things . 
  the spectacle has become real , and the real has become spectacle .
