  i do think of walmart as a supermarket , but they 're just less common in certain parts of europe . 
  but if you go to hypermarches like auchan , carrefour , e.lecrerc , cora , hyper u , g\u00e9ant casino , tesco etc. 
  you will find many similarities except a much better selection of frech products . 
  o yes nougat is fairly nice !, 
  but that 's hardly roadtrip candy . 
  unless your stomach is made of reinforced concrete , that is . 
  it 's okay , do n't worry . 
  personally i think copenhagen supermarkets ( or any other scandinavian supermarket ) are in no way comparable to other parts of europe . 
  they have rather odd products and they are expensive as fuck . 
  sure american stores are huge , but some european countries have rather large ones as well . 
  i 've traveled all over the american east coast and the largest supermarket i 've been to was the auchan in poznan , poland . 
  some 65 checkouts . 
  huge . 
  that said , in my experience , even the larger walmarts had a smaller selection . 
  sure they had a huge stock of each product , but not so much choice . 
  of course there are other supermarkets than walmart , but it 's definitely the largest chain . 
  yeah that the average american grocery store is pretty f 'd up . 
  a lot of different products , but hardly anything is fresh . 
  candy and most other foods and beverages are usually sweet and sugary . 
  a few pop into mind : cereals , yoghurt drinks etc. 
  but the craziest thing is how little is actually fresh . 
  over in europe even the stores most notorious for being limited in fresh products ( such as lidl and aldi ) have a much better choice and quality than in the us . 
  and they are a lot cheaper too . 
  is napoleon candy french ? 
  because i can not think of one kind of candy i would want from france . 
  we used to go to france almost every year on family vacation , but we had to bring our own proper licorice . 
  we always ended up with something like napoleon . 
  o well , in 2010 i think we did . 
  but that time is past . 
  i live in groningen now and some people here feel all their gas and taxes go to the randstad . 
  and if you visit some places in `` het ommeland '' it wo n't surprise you that they feel that way . 
  it 's really depressing . 
  fuck i forgot belgium ... 
  i 'm totally rooting for you guys as well !, 
  well not everyone will feel the same about these topics . 
  i doubt that people who are really sensitive about this are on reddit that much . 
  personally i do n't care being called a hollander as i was born and partially raised in zuid-holland . 
  germany , spain , italy , for a brief period my home country , and possibly brazil have a better record . 
  i would n't bet any money on england . 
  edit : yup , i 've got hopes for belgium as well ... but let 's see how they do in brazil . 
  yup , typo and well aware twente is n't a province . 
  the point is that these places usually identify as groninger , fries , drenthenaar , tukker ( twente ) and most definitely not as hollander . 
  not sure if just kidding , but international criminal court, 
  i do n't think england has deserved a top ranking in the last few years . 
  incorrect . 
  i 'm not sure where you are from , but in places like groningen , friesland , d ( r ) enthe , twente , etc. 
  holland definitely does n't mean the netherlands . 
  edit : typo, 
   this is a bot guys , please downvote . 
  ftfy, 
  `` well you ca n't prove it ! '', 
  i would n't exclude all homeopathy from possibly having positve effects on health , whether it is hard to measure ( unlikely ) , or only has a mental effect is of course the question . 
  but i definitely would n't rely on it , because if homeopathy works , it is completely random , and if you acknowledge that , than the placebo effect does n't work anymore . 
  yeah well there were production issues with the 4 . 
  in nl the nexus 7 2013 was in shop the day of the official dutch release . 
  ah i get it . 
  well , apparently i was misinformed about n-va ( as we dutchies usually are when it comes to belgian politics ) . 
  honestly , my dad used to watch `` de slimste mens '' when bart de wever was still fat , and i really liked the guy . 
  so german !, 
  wow . 
  for $ 1,05 less than that you can get 150mbit/15mbit over cable in the netherlands . 
  and that includes basic hd tv . 
  just looked another cable provider up . 
  for 200mbit/10mbit internet you pay $ 52,50 . 
  i like the south , but caravans : yuck !, 
  oh , i did n't know he was talking about the summer . . 
  i get it now . 
  how bad is cyprus ? 
  i 'm all for flanders . 
  i just dislike nationalism . 
  granted i do n't really follow flemish news , but from what they appear to be , i would dislike those parties . 
  i 'm not sure whether i follow your logic . 
  as long as there is no n-va or vlaams belang involved , i 'm fine with that . 
  i 'm in the us every year , do n't worry about it , 
  oh , okay , i thought you were talking about the app store . 
  yeah that sucks . 
  you can still go to mediamarkt to pick up your nexus devices and the like a few months after ... 
  i could think of better improvements for belgium though ( like roads maintenaince and government :p ), 
  well , they were n't literally taking over mexico , but during the dictatorship of porfirio diaz ( i think ) , a lot of british companies were mining in mexico . 
  the oldest football club in mexico , for instance , was founded by british miners . 
  but yeah , the continent and mexcian food do n't mix well together . 
  that said , i personally do n't really favor mexican food over any specific outlandish dish served in the coutries i mentioned . 
  so it does n't really bother me . 
  edit : everything i remember from my mexican history course two semesters back is a bit foggy . . 
   ~ ~ northern ireland ~ ~ world : a decent politician fixed that for you . 
   a google play store come again ? 
   nowhere else seemed to like anything even vaguely spicy . 
  that 's just bs . 
  there are a lot of spicy foods available on the continent . 
  you should try indonesian/chinese food in the netherlands , turkish food in germany , north-african food in france . 
  etc. . . granted , mexican restaurants are rare ( i 'm not sure about spain , though ) , but that is because we have little to no shared history with mexico . 
  unlike the uk , which practically took over mexico at some point . 
  well , you could also come to dutch beaches . 
  98 % of the times it 's too cold to go sunbathing anyway . 
  brilliant !, 
  tuborg is pisswasser . 
  i 'm not usually pretentious about my beer taste , but when that 's the only beer that 's available i 'll rather have a coke . 
  so many broken mirrors . 
  actually , in summer , the days last longer in the north . 
  that 's why at the polar circle it never gets dark .
