  but i suppose if you `` book '' a couple of days ahead it should n't be a problem . 
  they have a rating system , so you can sort of know whether a driver is acceptable . 
  there 's no good reason to ever go to meppel . 
  make sure you are away a lot is my advice . 
  chaos in what sense ? 
  it was great last i was there . 
  i read this as ( first ) time traveler . 
  i thought brilliant bring me a donut from 2087 . 
  in terms of language : uk , ireland , sweden , netherlands , denmark , germany , belgium ( flanders ) , norway , switzerland , austria , finland , iceland . 
  i went to paris in my final year , but i also went to the us on an exchange halfway through . 
  year after i graduated , classes would also go to london , and a different level/program would go to leipzig and xanten in germany . 
  i 've always liked people in southern bavaria , but i may be biased because of an awesome chalet host i visit almost every year . 
  there are three major networks in nl , kpn , vodafone and t-mobile . 
  the latter has the worst coverage . 
  lebara is on kpn , and i would say that it is the best network although i have n't been on vodafone for a few years . 
  i 've had fine experiences with alditalk/medionmobile in belgium , maybe you could check that out . 
  in belgium they had a 1000mb for $ 9.50 deal for their prepaid cards . 
  the lowest inflation has been in recent months is .83 % . 
  i got 8 ( or 10 , not sure ) in the netherlands . 
  about $ 260 per month . 
  the asshat liberal party vvd pushed for changing to a social student loan program so as of next year students will be screwed . 
  the interest is lower than inflation though . 
   well , unless it 's about football or their d ~ ~ r ~ ~ iving skills robben is good at everything , even diving . 
  and yes driving too . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj882qyzr-m it just had to be posted . 
  if you like borgen , forbrydelsen ( aka the killing ) is also danish . 
  it is supposed to be good . 
  not currently `` hot '' , but black books is a brilliant sitcom about a book shopkeeper who is not interested in selling books , starring irish actor/comedian dylan moran . 
  you would have to check a few banks for that . 
  in the netherlands rabobank , abn amro and ing are the biggest banks . 
  check with their websites for withdrawal fees . 
  i have a debit card with a major dutch bank and i do n't pay withdrawal fees internationally in the eu afaik ( but with a non eu card you would n't have the same advantages ) . 
  with my bank 's mastercard i definitely pay withdrawal fees . 
  the netherlands uses debit cards ( `` pin '' ) way more than credit cards . 
  ca n't pay with credit card at the supermarket , but you usually can pay with cc at hotels . 
  un proph\u00e8te is underrated . 
  very good film . 
  this . 
  dutch and german universities often have programs that are completely or mostly in english . 
  also , stupid tuition . 
  if you are going to `` steal '' $ 12.5 k in funds from students , why keep the yearly $ 1850 in tuition . 
  oh right , they need money to fix the budget . 
  for jobs in it and finance , definitely focus on [ the randstad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/randstad ) . 
  this is where rotterdam , amsterdam , the hague , utrecht etc. 
  are . 
  population 7.1 million . 
  amsterdam is quite expensive in terms of housing ( not in any way as expensive as london though ) . 
  but in the netherlands you do n't really need a car if you are fine with the public transport or biking ( which is a very safe and accepted form of transport ) . 
  this would save you a lot of money . 
  moreover , on amsterdam wages you should be able to afford housing . 
  it really depends what line of work you have in mind . 
  many it companies use english as their main language because they are working with a lot of international employees anyway . 
  my dad works in the it dept. 
  of a major dutch bank , and some of his collegues come from the uk/russia/germany / india etc. 
  i 'm not familiar with jobs in economics , but you can assume that if you are qualified language does n't really matter . 
  we have a saying : `` waar een wil is , is een weg '' ( where there 's a will , there 's a way ) . 
  of course there are jobs where dutch is really important , but there are definitely possibilities . 
  i do n't know about your academic credentials , but you could try to apply for a phd . 
  position at a university . 
  you do n't really need to speak dutch if you want to live in the netherlands , although of course it does n't hurt to study it a bit . 
  the dutch duolingo course is almost done . 
  head over to / r/duolingo for that . 
  well , it is sort of hard . 
  you do n't want to be a bigot , but roma camps are causing lots of problems throughout europe . 
  many are fed up with pick pocketing , shop lifting , aggression , littering and other social problems connected to the presence of camps in towns and cities . 
  to many , roma people seem unwilling to integrate , but i 'm sure roma people find it very hard to get out of poverty and crime because they are discriminated against . 
  it probably is a vicious circle that wo n't end for a long time . 
  where i live there are n't many roma so i have never felt threatened in any way other than that we regularly caught roma teens shoplifting from the store i worked at . 
  there were no camps either . 
  a number of them built bright white palaces in a new neighborhood where they lived with a number of families ( no real poverty here it seems ) . 
  i 'm not sure they caused any trouble at all , but those big houses sure are tacky . 
  croatia is a real good alternative for the spanish and french beaches . 
  it can surely be done for cheaper than this , but that just silly old me . 
  i can survive a month for under a thousand pp easily , including transportation within italy . 
   but at 2100 for two weeks at least you 'll have a little bit of luxury . 
  i live in a relatively new apartment building . 
  the electricity meter has a time stamp from 1972 , so i assume that 's when it was built . 
  i have never really lived in very old houses , but the oldest were probably 1920s or 30s . 
  but that is mainly because i 've lived in cities built on reclaimed land ( 1960s onwards ) for a long time . 
  i 've also spent quite some time in areas built in the 1960s and 70s when a lot of new residential districts were built . 
  friends of mine who live in the inner city live in houses from the 1800s . 
  1600-1700s are rare , but they 're still there here and there . 
  countries surrounding luxembourg ? 
  definitely germany . 
  switzerland ( some ways to the south ) has stricter immigration rules , but has not been hit as hard by the crisis . 
  i live in the netherlands and i hear a lot of news of people getting out of unemployment . 
  keep in mind that northern countries were n't nearly hit as hard as the south . 
  you might want to take a look at the german state of bavaria ( with capital munich ) . 
  that state is sort of like the texas of germany but without the oil . 
  it has got a strong it industry and is one of the strongest economic areas of the eu . 
  good luck getting a job in luxembourg , lots of competition . 
  the larger surrounding countries are better and more realistic options for most people . 
  if i made it look like the cu is right wing that 's not what i meant . 
  i personally know quite a few cu voters and a surprising amount of them actually do have very conservative tendencies , mostly on abortion , euthenasia , israel , religious school etc. 
  they are n't fiscally conservative per se . 
  i 'm dutch . 
  i think in terms of economics the democrats align with vvd , which is a right wing ( or right of center ) liberal party . 
  vvd is fairly progressive though , very unlike the american right . 
  we have a party called sgp that roughly aligns with the republican party . 
  it is a minor party of conservative dutch reformed christians .
