  it was crazy , but also very awesome . 
  it was a pretty straight and wide road , so as easy as could have been . 
  this thread is starting to feel like it belongs in / r/shitamericanssay :p, 
  somebody is doing something good . 
  must be influenced by the us . 
  this seems like how the coen brothers would film a kidnapping : with a shopping cart . 
  you just opened up floodgates of bad memories from german class !, 
  what do you think of nelie kroes and her contributions to keeping the internet a free place and making roaming affordable ? 
  does she do a good job or/and are there things she could do better ? 
  `` russians just have a tendency to become more noticeable '' exactly . 
  we went out and ended up in a really shady club . 
  but on the way back to the hostel there were so many lone drunk russians . 
  it was really weird . 
  just curious , but i visited riga last year . 
  i was under the impression that all the really absurdly drunk people were russian , was this correct ? 
  latvia and estonia , no way . 
  the eu is passive , but not if russia starts stealing land . 
  belarus and kazakhstan ? 
  well , stranger things have happened . 
  you forgot the idiot who destroyed our national sub !, 
  well , it worked . 
  / r/thenetherlands was made public a few hours ago . 
  i 've got hopes for that one since the name itself is more internationally oriented and the mod there seems willing to ( re ) create the community . 
  i think there is a place for / r/nederland as an exclusively dutch sub . . 
  spoken like a true aristocrat . 
  the commoners have a better gene pool , and are therefore inclined to be more intelligent . 
  you can either free the people or the people will free themselves . 
  we do n't need a king . 
  we need a parliament of the people . 
  is n't this revolution , though ? 
  / u/noctarchy is a king without subjects now . 
  well in the case i hope the user who mods / r/thenetherlands is willing to give it up or stop it from redirecting to / r/netherlands . 
  or we 'll just start the / r/democraticpeoplesrepublicofnetherlands . 
  actually this may be a good thing if he gets removed by administrators . 
  in that case a thank you would be in order  . 
  i 've gone through his reddit and twitter history . 
  this is n't the person you want as main mod . 
  i see . 
  thanks . 
  are all subscribers kicked as well ? 
  i do n't seem able to open the sub on my phone . 
  i have n't even had the chance to be critical . 
  i think this is the best option . 
  / r/nederland is only going to confuse people . 
  i much prefer this to stay dutch . 
  and that 's fine . 
  no problems there . 
  i 'm more than happy to pay extra for authentic . 
  when i want cheap , i 'll just pick a similar yet different brand . 
  we are without flaw . 
  ca n't you see ? 
  this is unfair to the many well informed and contributing americans . 
  but dayum there are many uninformed americans . 
  and sure europeans may come off as arrogant , but it 's better to be well informed and arrogant than uninformed and stubborn . 
  again food is n't more expensive in europe . 
  have you been here/only been in oslo ? 
  btw , there are n't many people in ( western ) europe who can not afford food , as opposed to the great increase in number of people who rely on food stamps . 
  where the hell are you pulling those numbers from ? 
  food is why cheaper here than in the us ( except for the nordics maybe , and we generally do n't have mass produced corn syrup bombs , but we do n't need them either ) . 
  this is why walmart would n't work in europe . 
  horse steak is great though, 
  again billionaires are n't making gouda and champagne , local farmers are . 
  so if we change the name of adidas to nike and make better products , nike should just stop making products ? 
  well , at least these food brands are n't wallmart . 
  they 're not usually big corps like unilever . 
  brie-style implies that is is made exactly the same way as brie , just on another location . 
  but quite often local circumstances ensure that a product can only be made in a certain location . 
  surrogate brie is what it is ... 
  i do n't know much about brie , it 's just an example . 
  edit : damn alison , you caused the capitals . 
  i think we should allow them to use the name gouda , except they are prohibited from mispronouncing . 
  good-ah ? 
  really ? 
  it is dutch g-ow-dah . 
  they should brand it gggowdah too . 
  i think if you 're going to base it off the time people spend on each program , the dutch shows will have a much higher percentage than that , at least when you include all of the programming . 
  that said , most of the tv shows and movies on commercial channels are american . 
  but remember , a lot of people watch rtl boulevard , rtl nieuws , nos journaal , de wereld draait door , pauw en witteman , boer zoekt vrouw , wie is de mol , the voice of holland and other dutch shows . 
  the important question is , can she see russia from her house ? 
  is n't that a fake panda ? 
  you should try to get past that . 
  you will not regret . 
  this is my favorite american painting as it shows how urbanization/civilization took over wilderness ( although i do n't think that was ever the painter 's intention . 
  and that thing by mondriaan ? 
  everybody immediately recognizes that , although i 've no idea what it 's called . 
  or is mondriaan considered american ? 
  pfffft . . 
  kunstmaan , artifical moon , dutch . 
  my brother and i use kurva and bula ( ? ), 
  a lot . 
  neither of us speak a language from eastern europe . 
  pompelmoes is used in the netherlands too . 
  i just say grapefruit though . 
  in dutch we call people who overprioritize irrelevant details `` mierenneukers , '' literally ant fuckers . 
  `` pa 's wijze lynx bezag vroom het fikse aquaduct '' followed by special characters is the one windows and ubuntu use for font testing on dutch systems . 
  it is an imperfect pangram that reads : `` dad 's wise lynx piously observed the substantial aquaduct . '', 
  but \u00e4\u00e0\u00e1\u00eb\u00e8\u00e9\u00fa\u00f9 and a few others are also used . 
  angstschreeuw , meaning cry of fear/angst/distress in dutch . 
  my favorite sentence is a palindrome . 
  `` baas neem een racecar neem een saab '' translated : boss take a racecar take a saab .
