  it 's not like it 's ever going to happen . 
  rhode island  i like your version better though . 
  i went to paris and michigan . 
  it is a shame that putin is . 
  let 's start by making sure geert wilders loses during the next elections . 
  sort of makes me think of guatemala , trail of tears , treaty of guadalupe hidalgo , randomly . 
  no idea why ... , 
  what was john fox thinking sending peyton manning on that early ? 
  i was on an excellent stretch of highway in wallonia last year . 
  i was surprised . 
  way to go wallonia !, 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  both europe and the us are corrupt in their own ways . 
  in fact it is often within the grey areas of the law . 
  it is indeed a different kind of corruption from brazil , and it generally does n't affect us as much in our daily lives , but it is there . 
  the wallstreet crash = / = the euro crisis . 
  completely different things going on . 
  yes , the former had an effect on the latter , but the euro crisis is n't just the european equivalent of the wallstreet crash . 
  and what would be included under ` public policy ' ? 
  true . 
  but ironically wilders is ` pro-semitic ' ( even though recent partnering with the french front national seems to suggest otherwise ) ... 
  netherlands : 1 ) lack of wild nature 2 ) gas taxes way too high ( i read that for every liter [ + - $ 1.72 ] about 1 $ goes towards taxes . 
  highest gas tax in europe too , i believe . 
  3 ) housing market is in a very bad state . 
  but it is also ` staan blijven . ', 
  it 's tien koeien in dutch . 
  you can get plenty awesome bread in the netherlands , but that 's just way more expensive than `` factory bread '' you buy in albert heijn . 
  that 's why i said `` it may even take a belgian cook '', 
  precisely ... 
  i mentioned that i 'd seen plenty walmarts without any fresh foods at all , everything frozen . 
  sure , walmart is more than/differerent from a supermarket , but it would just be unthinkable to have such a store in nl . 
  dutch aldis and lidls used to have a very limited amound of fresh products ( with pretty bad quality too ) , but they probably figured out that supermarkets do not work that way here . 
  nope , belgium will win this match to the point that because of it they 'll die younger ... 
  dutch cuisine is not very good . 
  but mind you , it takes a very , very good cook to make potatoes tasty . 
  it may even take a belgian cook , i 'm afraid to admit . 
  but , it 's not all potatoes . 
  there are certainly some delicious ( non bland ) dishes . 
  especially when it comes to seafood and venison . 
  for instance , in germany and scandinavia , they eat the biggest herrings because they sell well , but what they do n't know is that the smaller ones , the ones that are all sold to dutch companies are actually much tastier !, 
  dutch herring ftw !, 
  i got in a bit of an argument with a few reditors recently when i claimed i found american supermarkets lacking in product range ... now i understand , i 'm just spoiled . 
  one of many in recent years . 
  hope you have a good time . 
  dutch : kinderen . 
  i 'm from the netherlands , which i think is one of the tidiest and rich countries in europe . 
  i was really shocked to learn that poland had such poverty . 
  my uncle bought a house in a small town that only had a horrible dirt road . 
  a lot of houses and barns were in ruines . 
  the first time i was on poland was in '02 or ' 03 . 
  in ten years time , so many things have improved . 
  the town now has a perfectly paved road with a brand new sidewalk . 
  people are building new houses , or are at least improving the older houses . 
  stores are selling a far greater variety of products , including many new western brands . 
  big chaim stores are opening up , newer cars are on the road , etc. 
  the `` shock '' factor is rapidly evaporating before capitalism . 
  rotterdam was bombed to dust during world war ii . 
  after the war , in the time america still spoke to the imagination of the masses , they decided to have to architects be inspired by new york . 
  at least , so i was told by a rotterdammer . 
  french border security officials/douaniers can be really tough . 
  no sense of humor . 
  i thought if you 're living in romania you 're either a gypsy or vampire ... 
  so what 's this common romanian like ? 
  i get that feeling in germany sometimes too ... , 
  it 's really a shame that in the minds of many europeans turkish food means kebab , lahmecun and baklava . 
  the turkish kitchen is at least as interesting as the indian and french kitchen , imho . 
  euronews does n't work because it 's amateuristic . 
  my local tv station has better programming . 
  you french people are just a bread in the ass sometimes . 
  you french people are just a bread in the ass sometimes . 
  slovakia , the new germany . 
  it still is . 
  well , in southern italy anyways . 
  if you are n't 18 , it 's at least quite a bit harder . 
  i certainly would never buy pot for a minor , not even when i was just 18 . 
  i know a lot of broccophobics , actually . 
  the end : `` also a five '' * shows six, 
  that must 've been really long ago then . 
  you can not kick eu immigrants out for reasons this silly . 
  until you meet an older groninger from the ommeland . 
  good luck with southern florida and the mississippi delta in a few decades then . . 
  the netherlands is one of the least insignificant small countries in the world . 
  cool , i claim manhattan for the netherlands . 
  well that 's kind of ironic . 
  flemish is a lifestyle most home at a terrace . 
  riga is awesome and there are cheap flights going from weeze airport ( ryanair ) . 
  oh really ? 
  why are n't bolivia and central america wealthy then ? 
  because by your logic they would be . 
  rijeka is very nice . 
  there are some nice but very small beaches there . 
  the uk and the netherlands hating on iceland , as if they have some unresolved issues :p . 
  as long as billions of taxes go uncollected , there 's nothing really bigoted about that . 
  also , it would n't make sense to be racist towards ones `` own race '' . 
  if you 're looking for hate towards southern europeans , move along . 
  nothing to see here . 
  interesting thought . 
  i have n't looked at it from that angle . 
  the average living space in europe is somewhat smaller than in the us . 
  most of us are used to it anyway .
