  they are often the laughing stock of our political spectrum , but at least they are known to be reliable . 
  they are unlikely to make huge swings in votes because they have such a specific audience , so they do n't display gop style shenanigans . 
  currently we have a coalition of vvd and pvda ( labour ) in the parliament , with backing of cu ( christian union ) , sgp and d66 ( progressive liberal democrats ) because the two coalition partners do not have a majority in the senate . 
  personally i would expect most sgp voters and some cu voters to vote republican if the netherlands became a us state , but all the other votes would go to the democrats and third parties . 
  the dems lost a lot of `` backing '' here because people are disappointed in the lack of change in american foreign policy promised by obama and of course the nsa scandal . 
  the gop was never really taken seriously in my experience . 
  urk and staphorst are pretty traditional . 
  it is possible that they have baptist and evangelical churches , but not any that i know of . 
  there are a lot of different dutch churches though . 
  i ca n't remember ever seeing a lot of billboards , but they are relatively uncommon outside of the cities . 
  zeeland is also fairly traditional , but they do have a lot of tourism so that spoils the fun a bit . 
  personally i do n't think the free helmets really changed zeeland though . 
  it 's still mostly germans who wear helmets there . 
  [ staphorst ] ( http://bin.snmmd.nl/m/m1cz31canf43.jpg ) and [ urk ] ( http://www.opdnakker.nl/sites/default/files/images/urk.jpg ) , but if you skip the randstad ( where rotterdam , the hague , amsterdam , utrecht are ) you can easily find similar places on your own . 
  provinces like groningen , drenthe , frysl\u00e2n , limburg have really nice and authentic countrysides . 
  i 'm not spanish , but from my experiences in spain , people there are definitely not rat-racy . 
  i 'm personally very envious of spanish people ( with jobs ) and their seemingly relaxed lives . 
  this may be a misinterpretation , but that 's my 2cts . 
  dubrovnik , berlin , brugge , vienna , kopenhagen , andalucia in general , venezia ( done stay too long ) , roma , the alps in general , krakow are some of my favorites . 
  i 'm not crazy about paris and london ( and venezia when there are too many tourists ) . 
  i thought nappy was the adjective in that sentence for longer than i dare to admit . 
  diapers !, 
  good : universities are very international and nearly all of them are in the global top 200 ( except hogescholen of course ) . 
  of course that says very little , but at least it is an indication thay they are n't insignificant . 
  of all non-english speaking european nations , i think the netherlands offers the most english language bachelors and perhaps masters . 
  dutch universities are dominating certain challenges such as the solar car race in australia . 
  they even produced a prototype for a purely solar powered family car ( with 37km of range ) at one dutch university . 
  the government subsidizes students with approximately $ 260 - $ 480 monthly depending on your parents financial situation . 
  this subsidy lasts a maximum of five years . 
  students get free public transportation up to five years if they finish their bachelor or master . 
  if you drop out you 'll have to pay it back . 
  bad : some courses could do with more ` contact hours ' . 
  grading can take ages and rules about this are usually ignored . 
  some tests for courses with hundreds of students are sometimes multiple choice only and can be incredibly easy/difficult depending on how your specific professor interpreted the courseware . 
  even though you get subsidies , you still have to pay tuition which is almost $ 1900 nowadays . 
  not much compared to the anglophone nations , but certainly more than the nordics and germany , which also have excellent education systems . 
  the default setting of dutch university administration is ` slow chaos ' . 
  university staff is very productive when it comes to publications ( 5th in the world ) , but that comes at the price of education . 
  student housing is a huge problem in the bigger cities . 
  housing is private , expensive and their are a lot of property owners who take advantage of desperate students . 
  i 've seen rooms of about 10m2 advertized for $ 400 per month . 
  edit : stereotype is n't the same as a prototype :p, 
  directness . 
  it 's not just reddit . 
  would n't be the first time . 
  okay lets try this again : if this is how reddit perceives us i 'm going to use it as an excuse for being a dick . 
  it was a joke . 
  i know the stereotype . 
  damn . 
  european middle class left is n't against capitalism , just the neoliberal form . 
  i think the majority would agree with keynesian economics . 
  if that is how reddit perceives us , i 'm going to use it as an excuse . 
  cannes ... no really there is n't a hollywood in europe . 
  the german , french , italian , danish and swedish movie industries have traditionally been pretty productive , with france leading the bunch after wwii . 
  the uk makes a lot of popular tv shows , but so do the nordics . 
  i think internationally the uk and france are most succesful nowadays , but other countries are still making quality tv and film . 
  wel is it still with the hanzelijn ? 
  car : 1:15 -30 , train : 1:25 . 
  is food cheaper ? 
  because i hear about people doing the opposite thing . 
  i would n't know , i usually drive straight through at least the first 300km in germany . 
  eastern germany is most definitely cheaper though . 
  germany . 
  electronics are a tad cheaper and some products are available in germany first ( nexus 4 , xbone ) . 
  some people fill up their cars across the border or do monthly grocery shopping sprees . 
  well i probably went a bit far with making blanket statements . 
  sure there are `` patriotic '' dutchmen , it 's just very different . 
  most people i know are dutch , german or american , so my perspective has its limitations . 
  well , actually it was kind of a badly worded joke . 
  i meant that the dutch have historically been traders who traded with enemies and friends alike . 
  when england annoyed spain during wars and occupation , the dutch and english were the biggest of friends , but when they passed the navigation laws the dutch simply started smuggling . 
  but there 's truth in that too , i would n't mind dropping my passport if a very lucrative job abroad would require me to do so . 
  it is okay to flag up during the football wc and ecs , kingsday , liberation day , etc. 
  but people are n't in any way shape or form die-for-red-white-and-blue patriotic . 
  it 's okay to overestimate the importance and achievements of this country , but we 're slowly getting used not mattering as much as we used to . 
  american ~ patriotism ~ is frowned upon and laughed at . 
  of course there are some people who want out of the eu and support geert wilders attempt at `` protecting the fatherland from lazy migrants '' , but in reality i think dutch loyalty is n't to be found in patriotic feelings , but it is wherever the money flows . 
   anything but paris my kind of man !, 
  have a lot of fun !, 
  that . 
  and i always wonder how my life would play out in the us . 
  i will probably spend my carreer in it . 
  i 'm not daft , well educated and a bit ambitious , so a $ 50k + salary is probable . 
  if i stay in europe my health care costs will be limited or non-existent . 
  child care is affordable in many countries , so my future spouse and i can both work . 
  her career is setting her up with decent salary options , so that together we may earn over $ 80k . 
  similar jobs in the us will earn us a bit more , probably , but then we 'd have to save up 100k-200k to put 2-3 children through a college as good as we were lucky enougj to enjoy . 
  and we 'd have a $ 500 health care insurance , probably higher debts for cars and whatnot . 
  i 'd be surprised if down the road it is too much of a difference . 
  maybe for a few talented peers the us might be a better choice , bit i 'd be surprised if it were for us . 
  that 's right . 
  the system works a bit different . 
  i can only comment on the dutch situation , but instead of test scores , there are different levels of education . 
  in high school there are basically three levels : preparation of vocational school , havo ( provides access to hogeschool/university of applied sciences ) , vwo ( provides access to all universities ) . 
  i 'd say vwo is quite a bit tougher to pass than your average american high school . 
  so if you made it , you already showed talent for university . 
  and the beauty is that for programs that are n't by law limited in number of students , vwo students can not be denied access to university programs if they passed required vwo courses . 
  and when you graduate from university ( bachelor ) , you will in most cases be allowed to enroll in a suiting master without extra tests . 
  of course , if i wanted to do a physics ma with an arts ba , i ca n't . 
  how could i forget .
