  ( for more of this , read the society of the spectacle ) . 
  but to come back to apmechev 's point ( an marcuse 's ) , the system does n't alow for large scale unemployment . 
  it must reconstitute itself otherwise a large proportion of society can no longer consume , and that is essential in this society . 
  the assumption that society can do this is based on debords idea that the spectacle is a system that is fundamentally able to selfadjust . 
  in fact , marcuse says that there is no imaginable capitalist system in which we would only work the time we need our basic needs ( i think he suggests 2 hours per week ) , because we will always be given things to consume . 
  that is completely beyond our power . 
  i do not argue that the system may not break down , but at least it is not by revolution , and probably not because of unemployment either . 
  at least , that is , if debord , marcuse , beaudrillard , jameson etc. 
  are n't complete idiots . 
  ** tl ; dr i explain the neomarxist and postmarxist position on the fact that the marxist revolution did not happen **, 
  this is right up there with roggebrood with herring . 
  heaven . 
  the only kind of bread with its own anthem !, 
  broodje bakpao !, 
  you will become sooo fat is this tastes good . 
  i do n't even dare try it . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about :p . source : i 'm dutch . 
  dutch bread is amazing , as long as you do n't buy supermarket bread . 
  look for oerbrood , or any variation of it . 
  that 's the stuff !!, 
  also , roggebrood is absolutely fantastic !, 
  french stick bread pales in comparison . 
  googled it . 
  it seems to be the same as roggebrood . 
  it 's amazing with herring or dutch cheese . 
  most german store bread tastes sour . . 
  except the kaiserbr\u00f6tchen of course !, 
  tell me about it . . american bread is the worst !, 
  some walmarts in the suburbs started selling what they call `` italian '' bread , which is n't terrible . 
  but generally speaking i 'd much rather eat my hat . 
  we have roggebrood in the netherlands . 
  it seems to be the same but maybe even a bit denser . 
  it has a very ... well dense taste to it . 
  it 's very tasty with gouda/edam-style cheese or dutch-market pickled herring ( i heard a lot of them come from norway these days , and they pick out the biggest , but the smaller ones are the tastiest ; only had them in nl and de , and only really liked them in nl ) . 
  i once took a dive in the donau there , in the middle of the night in late july . 
  crazy currents , but we had to take the train at something like 4:00 am and we did n't want to go to a hostel to take a shower . 
  i could n't really leave that shallow platform , and had to hold on to the stairs . 
  there 's stairs going down right across from the city hall . 
  what does the length of the workweek proof about the work ethos ? 
  right , nothing . 
  in fact , when the us railroad hired chinese workers , it was n't because they worked so hard , it was because they were low wage and did n't mind working long hours , which is something different altogether . 
  personally i think the cultural ties with scandinavia are a bit closer ... maybe because of the north sea , maybe because of the lack of mountains . 
  i do n't know . 
  also , generally speaking a dutch person looks a lot more like a swedish person than an austrian , but i doubt that 'll really make a difference . 
  of course . 
  i 'm not european , i 'm western european . 
  i identify more with swedish and german culture than with portuguese and greek culture , if you catch my drify . 
  also , as a dutchman i 'm much more `` in touch '' with danish culture than wallonian culture , even though it 's closer . 
  ever been to the netherlands , iceland , denmark , sweden , norway , finland , germany , austria , switzerland , flanders , ireland , uk ? 
  that 's what i consider western europe . 
  france and wallonia are disputable and frankly they do n't speak english there as well , but i have found they speak english rather well in the othere western european countries . 
  often quite a bit better than the average englishman . 
  afaik the 1955 was temporary . 
  there were a few others . 
  a couple of years ago they had the cbo ( chicken bacon onion ) which was n't bad . 
  i do n't think they have them anymore . 
  a classic dutch mcd burger is the mckroket which has existed for as long as i can remember . 
  and they are pretty tasty . 
  nope . 
  that 's not marxism . 
  marxism is the one with the underprivileged working class . 
  moreover iceland sounds like an unlikely candidate for exporting solar, 
  all the while the presidential palace is getting bigger . 
  so that 's how they funded it . 
  at about 1/3 of the population . 
  does n't make it a muslim country . 
  alright , thanks . 
  what i do n't understand is why the plane was n't accelerating with such a steep descent . 
  or is the 370kts ground speed , because a stable ground speed suggests an acceleration in air speed in this case right ? 
  i was merely suggesting we learn from history . 
  more or less . 
  there was a certain german leader that could do the same . 
  in dutch we use the articles de and het but those are easy peasy if it is your native language . 
  some archaic genetive cases can be pretty hard to get right on account of them not being used in everyday speech any more . 
  ( the woman whose house it was ) de man * wiens * huis het was . 
  ( the man whose etc. ), 
  ( the woman and her yellow bulldozer ) de man en * diens * gele bulldozer . 
  ( the man and his yellow bulldozer ) everyday speech : de man/vrouw en zijn/haar bulldozer . 
  ( zijn and haar are simply his and her ) . 
  genetive case can get really interesting words like stervenskoud . 
  in de ruimte is het * stervenskoud * in space it is * so cold one dies * ( or rather : `` as cold as it takes one to die '' but then in one word , combining two verbs . 
  totally unrelated fun dutch words : angstschreeuw ( scream of angst/fear ) , arbeidsongeschiktheidsverzekering ( disability insurance ) , hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliofobie ( fobia for long words ) . 
  i 've heard dutch people say that germans are fat but in reality obesity levels are actually not as outrageous as for instance the uk , turkey and the usa . 
  the eu adapts their regulation every so many months . 
  it could be old info . 
  as far as the prices go it could be that the regulation only regulates international calls and texts . 
  but ill bet a twxt will still cost under 10ct . 
  eu regulation states that an international text message can not cost more than $ 0.06 per text . 
  you will be good with any prepaid sim card from any eu country . 
  i would definitely go to berlin because berlin is just a much cheaper place to live . 
  it also has very international feel , which i suppose london does too . 
  berlin has a lot of alternative subcultures and plenty museums , music venues , bars etc etc. 
  i 've personally never really been attracted to the idea of living in england or london , but berlin definitely felt like a place i could see myself live for a couple of years . 
  nice !, 
  what do you mean romanian ? 
  romania is a country . 
  what 's a lapland summer like ? 
  temperature-wise . 
  really , just pick 3 countries or so and come back for some more a couple years later . 
  i 've tried to go on two or three different rides through that site but i never have gotten a response .
