  that 's why . 
  it is schadenfreude . 
  does the pirate party have a facebook account ? 
  i was about to say `` he always reminds me of donald tusk from house of cards '' , but that 's raymond . 
  i get them mixed up a lot . 
   greece : samaras could be a lucky guess . 
  di rupo 's dutch in the best kind of dutch . 
  love it . 
  i hope he wo n't leave public life because that would be a loss for the dutch/flemish speaking world . 
  is anti-hispanism even a thing ? 
  i have never seen anybody say bad things about spain here . 
  i fucking love spain !, 
  summer is your precious ? 
  buy some acs damnit , 
  i 'm pretty sure salty licorice exists in scandinavia ( and perhaps even northern germany . ), 
  that 's what my first thought was too . 
  actually , he was just on time . 
  but on the other hand , we should never pretend the us was n't a very important force on the western front and in the pacific . 
  moreover the allies eventually won the war because of the us economy ( it helped that germany underestimated the eastern front too ) . 
  in the end the thing that we western europeans should be glad for is that the soviets did n't need to push through to the western front , because it living in su 's sphere of influence sure was n't as much fun as social capitalism . 
  i bet obama went up to her chamber and gave her a good tumble later . 
  they have royal protocol ? 
  your pun is spain in the ass . 
  so basically germany . 
  i was thinking lenix or gulag android . 
  i have probably already saved more money in poland than the contributions ever cost me . 
  so you get two weeks off every year ? 
  one during the holiday season and one during the summer and you are through them . 
  many europeans get at least 3 weeks during the summer , and often two or three more during the year . 
  some countries have personal administration days on top of that . 
  plus , we have more long weekends , national holidays etc. 
  many americans can afford vacations though . 
  they just do n't get the time off . 
  if your roads are any indications , i 'm worrying what you 'd do to our dikes . 
  we can call 'em inzis then . 
  great thing about democracy is that you can actually do something about it . 
  the eu is a process . 
   personally i think that the costs outweigh the benefits . 
  thing is , though , that it is n't so much about opinion as about facts ( and tbh i have n't got those for the uk ) . 
  problems is that the eu does too little about proving the economic benefits of the organization . 
   you get federalism ( which is what you want ) where do you get this idea ? 
  europeans want sovereignty too , it 's not that different actually . 
  only some people want federalism , but they are the minority . 
  sure . 
  but you can sure pick your battles and bargain over other policies and directions . 
  the eu is in its ideology designed to always have individual members states gain from the eu more than it costs . 
  you might end up with a fishing law you dislike ( even though your hos and minister had significant influence in drawing up the bill ) , but compare that to that investment in some harbor area that brings in billions over decades . 
  and what if your country could veto any proposed law ? 
  you 'd have sovereignty , leverage and incentive to make laws that are mutually beneficial - so basically treaties - , right ? 
  what if all law making bodies of the eu are made up of national politicians ( head of state in the council , national ministers in the council of ministers ) and elected ep members ? 
  what specifically do you think britain will achieve by leaving the eu ? 
  `` bright open future '' and `` wonderful thing '' do n't count . 
  well , a quarter of the french voted against the eu , does n't mean they want to join western africa . 
  the ukip is the largest uk party in the ep , but that does n't mean they represent the majority of the uk vote . 
  not by a long shot . 
  there 's a lot of unreasonable fear in all of europe , but let 's not get panic get in the way of rationality . 
  luckily the majority of eu and uk citizens do n't believe in the scare politics of ukip , front national , pvv , fp\u00f6 , afd . 
  it 's disgusting that they dare mislead the people like that . 
  britain should be focusing on the future instead of lingering on the idea that they are somehow separate from the continent . 
  being outside of the eu has certain advantages , sure , but you lose direct interference with the largest market on the planet . 
  i bet that 's not what a trading nation wants . 
  let 's sum this up . 
  ways in which the uk is like india : * tea . 
  * cricket . 
  * political institutions remaining from colonialism ways in which the uk is unlike india : * religion * language : 4 languages with more native speakers than the population of the uk , 25 more with more than 1 million native speakers , each with own cultural backgrounds , customs etc. 
  * gdp per capita * food * location * transport * trade * clothing ways in which the uk is at least somewhat like the rest of europe : * religion * gdp per capita * food * location ( if you are not completely anal about this ) * transport * trade * clothing see what i 'm getting at ? 
  and may i ask you , have you been to india , or the us ? 
   politically , historically and culturally , britain is also just as close to india and the us as it is to europe . 
  you are not even kidding , are you ? 
  you know that the differences between finland and spain are about as significant as between the uk and spain . 
  but if you were to actually compare and contrast uk and indian culture , you would find out that you damn might as well be a german . 
  because the eu is n't sluggish as myth and right wing propaganda suggests . 
  in fact the eu makes sense precisely because it is n't 1950 anymore , but because it is goddamn 2014 and globalization is complex . 
  the eu is n't as big as you think it is . 
  yes , we are still working on it . 
  but there has been a lot of progress , not in the direction of a federal europe , but in the direction of a political cooperation that is going to sustain peace and economic growth in the long run . 
  precisely . 
  if french products get more expensive , we 're just going to do business with germany and italy . 
  sure , but what is your point ? 
  they are a fairly unique country , with very specific interests at play . 
  france is n't so unique . 
  a weaker and a stronger version of it are just next door . 
  skepticism is a good thing because it keeps us sharp . 
  but in the end , most people just want to blame something . 
  i wonder what people expect to happen magically when the eu disappears . 
  most our problems were caused by lack of international collaboration , not an excess . 
  on top of that , a lot of eu countries are n't doing terrible . 
  why would a country like the netherlands leave the eu ? 
  what in your culture has been destroyed by the eu ? 
  i 'm honestly interested as long as you can be specific . 
  european far right parties have more in common with nazism than the eu has `` marxist tendencies '' by a very long stretch . 
  the only difference in crazy between americans and europeans on reddit is that our tea party has n't found it yet . 
  but damn , are dutch forums and comment sections scary sometimes . 
  `` your laws '' i 'm sure you mean `` our laws '' . 
  * you * have to vote competent people into the ep , and * you * have to vote in national elections and make sure competent people become part of our council of ministers . 
  there are no `` your laws , '' you are being represented by : 1 . 
  members of the european parliament from your country -  you can vote for these 2 . 
  * your head of state * in the european council 3 . 
  a * national * minister in the council of the european union/ministers ( and yes , they can veto ) you can directly vote for ep candidates during elections , you can vote for your administration during national elections . 
  it 's not just backroom politics done by eu moguls .
