  these are actual national politicians . 
  if you want an idea of how this works , watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnher1szjrg, 
  i still think it is not that bad considering this is a damn crowded country . 
  by the way , the autobahn has plenty of speed limits as well ( 40 % ) , so \u221e also skews the figure there . 
  but in the end , this map is about the maximum speed limit on highways , although it does n't clearly state it . 
  it 's not just the ukip , but also the tories ( even though they are n't against the eu per se ) . 
  but , yeah , i exaggerated my comment a bit . 
  but the anti eu movement is really just paranoid and unnecessary ihmo , and it bugs me how much traction it seems to have in the uk . 
  the pvv is a fringe party in the netherlands , no matter how many votes they get . 
  it 's a populist hype , but generally anti-eu sentiments are the exception . 
  i think it is still pretty decent . 
  no , not around the randstad and the busy central part of the country , but once you get away from that there 's still plenty to go 130km/h . 
  no long stretches , mostly , but not bad considering how busy the dutch highways generally are . 
  a drive lot on the a6 and a7 at night , so that 's pretty much 130 from almere ( basically randstad ) to bad nieuweschans . 
  yeah i know . 
  i 'm sorry , but ukip voters can get on my nerves . . 
  yeah but in europe we would consider those a different category : autowegen ( dutch ) or autostrassen ( german ) . 
  i though i 'd leave them out as i thought they would only confuse . 
  in the netherlands the speedlimit for autowegen is 100km/h unless a different limit is shown on signs ( usually 80km/h ) . 
  i once drove hours on 55 mph roads when our tomtom was set to avoid toll roads . 
  i hate them , but at least the view was nice . . 
  honestly , i do n't give a shit about the arrogant uk anymore . 
  let them go out of the eu and let them face the consequences . 
  i bet it is really good for british industry and finance to break ties with the largest market in the world . 
  many brits are way too stubborn to see this eu project get anywhere . 
  it is very important to our economy that the right people are in power , and that will only really happen when the idiots are filtered out by awareness of what the eu is all about . 
  you may want to block that , but indirectly my livelihood is based on the success of that awareness . 
  ( i know many brits are n't anti-eu , you guys are okay  ), 
  it wo n't be ruined , it 'll just be available in more places . 
  thanks , i 'll go by ice just in case . 
  nice , but i got a jupiler ad before i could watch it . 
  i do n't think you quite understood what i meant . 
  freddy heineken was a brilliant marketeer and that 's exactly why everybody knows heineken . 
  it is not because it is sophisticated anyway . 
  if only you could market your hefeweizen like heineken did with his pilsner , then that would be gold . 
  i would love to be able to order a franziskaner , erdinger , k\u00f6nig ludwig instead of that nasty wieckse witte or hoegaarden blond . 
  it 's a different type of beer , but quite often it 's the only thing they have . 
  dutch pilsners are all too similar to me . 
  i do n't mind a heineken , amstel or similar but they are all way too similar . 
  jupiler ( i know , belgian ) , dommelsch , bavaria etc. 
  are in this category as well . 
  my goto beer has been hertog-jan for a long time . 
  it 's known as a `` quality pilsner '' but that is more image than reality . 
  i usually pick up grafenwalder weissbier from lidl or kornuit , a new beer by grolsch that is marketed as a hip brand , but is actually quite nice . 
  i always assumed it was 4 , but it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  under 100km/h it 's indeed 3km/h , but over 100 it 's 3 % , until 130 , from there it 's 1km/h . 
  i always drive 124 when 120 is allowed , so that works out at 4km/h . 
  i support it still . 
  i drive from groningen to lelystad quite frequently and it 's fucking fantastic . 
  i hitchhiked in italy once . 
  italian drivers are fairly obsessive with tailgating , sudden acceleration , breaking , insane passing maneuvers , honking , etc. 
  more so than northern europeans anyway . 
  no you guys are insane . 
   there 's 100 miles between two towns ? 
  let 's make the speed limit 55 . 
  greatest fucking idea ever . 
  that is horrible . 
  and if you go off it and drive 30 minutes north and take the wrong exit the roads just end . 
  middle of fucking nowhere . 
  but at least there 's tim horton 's to keep you awake . 
  i 'm going to go with germany for the hefeweizen , but i feel a dutch guy has to help you guys market it . 
  you ever heard about a mediocre pilsner called heineken ? 
  we have that in the netherlands too . 
  i prefer speed cameras . 
  outside the randstad there 's plenty roads you can go 130 . 
  but yeah , there are indeed plently stretched that are limited . 
  the a2 is a good example . 
  four or five lanes both ways and 100kmh . 
  but hey , berlin is going to have nice airport !, 
  the thing is , belgian roads are terrible until the asphalt gets replaced . 
  then they are incredibly nice for a few years . 
  but then 10 years of disrepair follow . 
  i am fairly sure the correction is 4kmh in the netherlands . . 
  [ speed limits in the us , for comparison ] ( http://www.expertmarket.us/sites/default/files/filemanager/us-state-speed-limits-map.png ) 60 mph is 97 km/h 65 mph is 105 km/h 70 mph is 113 km/h 75 mph is 121 km/h 80 mph is 129 km/h 85 mph is 137 km/h, 
  i think the problem with your solution is that it is a solution to a different problem . 
  the oregon system is great for places where nobody votes because it is n't accessible . 
  in the netherlands voting is very accessible . 
  people just do n't care enough about ep elections . 
  we want a solution to that , but voting by mail is n't going to change that . 
  not in a country where during national elections 72 % vote already . 
  google leads me to believe oregon is in the high 70s . 
  btw , oregonians do n't always vote . 
  they had a very low turn out recently according to this article : http://www.kgw.com/news/oregon-voter-turnout-could-be-lowest-in-54-years-260296411.html, 
  what 's the turn out in oregon ? 
  in the netherlands it 's 72 % for national elections , so if they beat this you may have a point . 
  there must be something else besides accessibility if a country that has done 72 % recently only does 37 % . 
  yeah he 's almost a socialist on some issues . 
  and he is definitely a nationalist . 
  but making historical comparisons is a big no no . 
  well it 's not exactly hard is it ? 
  nobody is going to believe romania or poland have bigger economies than these five . 
  btw , i think romania and poland are the only two countries with bigger populations yet smaller economies than the netherlands . 
  poland has 38 million inhabitants and romania 20 million . 
  `` so whatever you vote for , just make sure you do it . '', 
  i 'd like to urge people to do a little research before voting . . that way we do n't elect populist wingnuts, 
  they have a whole buch of these in a wildlife park in the netherlands near where i grew up . 
  they are big alright !, 
  that one dude reminded me of blake henderson from workaholics . 
  [ right . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/hqfzwflovqa ),
