  only tip i can give is that remember to have sex during right days . 
  i 'm so so sorry and i pretty much know the feeling . 
  my friend has exactly same due date as i had . 
  it 's just so horrible to hear about whole pregnancy when little voice in you head just screams that it should have been mine . 
  i love ours and use it even now when our kid is 19 months . 
  it has all the essential stuff close . 
  we do n't , or atleast i do not . 
  every month i break down , cry , curse gods , binge eat or what ever happens to feel right . 
  every cycle it gets harder . 
  i hate this . 
  i 'm so so sorry . 
  i have been and still going through the same . 
  / r/miscarriage has been pretty helful for me atleast to vent these things . 
  i 'm thankful for blizzard and launch of wod . 
  atleast i can now get my mind to something else than hoping of bfp . 
  af have n't showed up after mc and it 's few days `` late '' . 
  tests show bfn so it only means my body is messed up and everything is slower and oh god i hate this so so so much . 
  my mc was way earlier than yours but af was 5 days late after mc and does n't seem to be painful atleast yet , periods started today so hard to tell . 
  lyanna stark could be interesting one . 
  lallatella is lovely word . 
  not true , although we also have bidets ( hand showers ? ), 
  in our toilet and some clean with it and some clean with that and then just wipe to get our asses dry . 
  blood elf kelvannee . 
  sorry for the language but i 'm so so so pissed off . 
  mc is still fucking up our life . 
  after mc it took some extra time to get cycle back , just enough that i almost believed that `` fertility window after mc '' rubbish . 
  after that there was this super awesome aunt flow who decided to pay for extra long visit , freaking ten days !?!, 
  and now , here i am waiting for o since poas is just so fun day after day when o seems to be late too . 
  tomorrow i 'm starting to make christmas cards which where supposed to be announcement cards same time . 
  well atleat i can spend christmas with my white trash sil who just announced that she is expecting her third . 
  meanwhile i can look friends posts who just announced her pregnancy to her parents , which happens to have same duedate as i had . 
  fuck you world . 
  i 'm so sorry , that two under two was my dream too and now i am starting to fear that even for two under three wo n't happen . 
  i really hope there will be some kind of solution for this . 
  i have 1 active mission at the moment and zero available . 
  it 's pretty sad . 
  7 days real life . 
  those 100 + fishing rods have 24 ingame hours so do n't idle in garrison with those . 
  i guess i was on the hardcore side , everything killed on time in heroics , including algalon , 10 lk with 10 % buff and 25lk little bit later etc. 
  what happened ? 
  got pregnant . 
  it 's bit hard to hc raid when you need to pee every 30 minutes and almost pass out 22:00 . 
  after kid was born it was even harder when baby wanted to eat almost 24/7 . 
  it got harder and harder all the time so it was just easier to quit raiding . 
  no one wants healer who can only play 20-23 at max and may need to take long afk during that time period . 
  what do i do ? 
  during mop i pet battled like maniac and i had 12x90 level toon . 
  now in wod i 'm min/maxing garrison , leveling alts , trying to gear myself up as well as i can and secretly still dream that there is that right guild waiting for me to raid hard cores , maybe even mythics . 
  true , killed it just moment ago at frostwhisper-eu for lame amount of gold . 
  there is kinda magic in it , last few weeks are so uncomfortable and boring that you are starting to volunteer for every needed measure to take that baby finally out , even if it hurts . 
  i know the feeling , everyone except me is pregnant . 
  worst part is that one friend who does n't know about my mc has exaxtly same due date as i had . 
  i hate each and everyone of her pregnancy related posts and feel like she stole my baby . 
  i have read the same study . 
  it 's actually kinda hard to try to time for -2 dpo . 
  my class leader died during wotlk . 
  he had cancer and it was terminal . 
  it was heart breaking to see and hear him last few times he logged in . 
  he sounded so fragile and same time you noticed that he was so high with all the morphine pumped to him . 
  that it takes so little reason to hate the world . 
  it was that time when you had 5-7 holy/retri/protection paladins and you needed to coordinate hand of protections and hand of sacrifices in half of the fights . 
  those joyful moments when half of the guild wanted to strangle us and other half rolled on the floor laughing when we wiped xth time because paladins could n't count to 4 without messing up . 
  my only symptom with my daughter until week 6 was that there was no symptoms , not even normal pms ones . 
  with my mc there was so many symptoms that when i took pregnancy test i just told husband that there will be two lines in less than one minute . 
  so now having symptoms or not having them is a symptom , so frustrating . 
  i think biggest difference between finnish and english is that you wo n't even need to know that some word is a curse word , it will speak for it self . 
  i love the word perkele , it has so much feeling and power in it , you can really roll the r in your mouth to give it more kick . 
  ~ 4000km south or 1000km north . 
  i hate this time before actual winter . 
  it 's dark , wet and cold . 
  i 'm fine with -10 c and snow , but this 1c darkness is making my brains foggy . 
  if you just want to farm something , fishing is one of the way to go . 
  fishes sell decently while people want to level their cooking and get all those delicious buff foods . 
  you could also cook them by yourself and sell . 
  i 'd say it 's the frustration talking . 
  i have kinda same feelings , starting to think that having only one child would n't be so bad after all and do i really want to start waking up 7 times a night again for almost year . 
  but then again , i still feel that there is this empty slot in my heart reserved for that little baby who is waiting their turn to get here . 
  my case may be bit different since i 'm extremely bitter after mc . 
  i do n't deal well at all . 
  i vent to my husband and trying to politely avoid all those pregnant people . 
  if we get bfn from this cycle , my plan is to devour everything during christmas and hope that atleast few pounds will stick . 
  i 'm guessing that being bit less thin would help to get pregnant . 
  no way taking breaks . 
  we have already waited for that baby for long enough to not care when they are born . 
  only reason why we kept semibreak few months ago was because of mc and i just did n't want to play with opks when i had zero idea how messed up my body would be after mc . 
  i 'm just going to show him the test or if he is not home , send him picture of it . 
  i find it silly to not tell your so right away , why would you hide that from him since it 's just as much his baby , he just ca n't test for it . 
  i would be furious if my so would hide something big as this for more than few minutes . 
  dpo 9 i think . 
  usually i have been so eager to test but now i 'm already given up for this cycle . 
  timing was right and everything but no symptoms so not feeling very lucky . 
  i really feel like giving up the whole thing , just getting dissapointed month after month . 
  she is a very bad sleeper . 
  it 's hard for her to fall asleep and stay asleep . 
  my mom tries to comfort me that i was just like her and it took 5 years before i slept almost all nights through . 
  not helping mom . 
  miscarriage, 
  that 's something i 'm planning to do when she gets little bit older and wo n't hurt herself accidentally . 
  i can relate to her , i have always been bad sleeper but damn these nightly screams for mom do n't help it . 
  ouch .
