  each and every one of babies born from iui and other ways that use medical help are wanted so badly and desperately . 
  those doctors absolutely know it and treat them with chivalry . 
  i understand you are feeling bad , but conceiving naturally and conceiving medically only matters for few weeks , time from conception to positive test . 
  after that it is your baby and no one in their right mind cares if it was from steamy hotel night , test tube or divine intervention . 
  in one way , test tube babies are divine interventions since they are miracles from modern medicine . 
  good luck !, 
  * hugs *, 
  it was late 80 ' and my godfather had done a small game for me personally , pretty much just moving left and right with keyboard collecting coloured pixels . 
  so simple graphics that pacman would be movie quality compared . 
  i absolutely loved it . 
  i 'm out of words but sending so much love and hugs to you two . 
  so many things in this list make me angry . 
  in so many points she is only writing how herself is coping and for me it feels like she is labeling everyone not doing the same thing to `` not mentally strong '' group . 
  they do n't waste time feeling sorry for themselves **, 
  i 'm sorry for my whole family . 
  we lost something that nothing can ever replace . 
  they do n't waste energy on things they ca n't control **, 
  i 'm most definitely going to waste my time for thinking what ifs and hating my body for not co-operating even when i ca n't do anything about it . 
  they do n't dwell on the past **, 
  i have to dwell in past because my son does n't have future . 
  they do n't make the same mistakes over and over **, 
  yeah , like having two miscarriages in row is my fault . 
  they do n't resent other people 's success **, 
  what about when success comes from pure luck ? 
  they do n't expect immediate results **, 
  not immediate is okay , but i thin after few years i 'm allowed to be angry, 
  please talk me down !, 
  i have been avoiding counting my dpo so that i would n't test too soon . 
  in weak moment i did it and i 'm at dpo 8 ( or 9 ) so there could be something in test tomorrow morning . 
  i feel such an urge to test already but it would n't be wise at all , would it ? 
  so give me all your best reasons to wait atleast 3-4 more days . 
  pretty well , was at mil and fil for almost whole day . 
  it 's getting warmer here for few weeks !, 
  time definitely crawls here too . 
  oh , i hope you guys get things sorted out on monday . 
  cycle buddies !, 
  how are you hanging there , i 'm testing my breasts like they would be dropping off unless checked every 5 minutes . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  we started trying pretty much right away after first mc . 
  for second we had some medical and physical restrictions limiting us . 
  great plan , when are you planning to test ? 
  hmm , that time could work !, 
  great !, 
  i hope we will meet in weekly result thread !, 
  it takes some learning . 
  have you tried different styles . 
  i do n't know names of them but there is bit different ways to hold needles and knit . 
  this is horrible but i will be day late , kid thought that post stamp was sticker and stole it before i noticed . 
  going to buy new tomorrow . 
  uljas had his first name day today so i visited graveyard and left candle for him . 
  i count cycles from beginning of this process . 
  so cycle 14 here . 
  i personally feel like starting to count again and again would make our time of trying less significant . 
  today you are pregnant and i congratulate you for that . 
  i hope betas will jump up . 
  i have the most faintest line !!!, 
  so hoping that tomorrow there will be one too and this one is n't fake . 
  10min later . 
  it 's not so faint anymore !, 
  i hope everything is fine and congratulations !, 
  heh , me cheating with timezones !, 
  peeking here . 
  you all know the feeling when you would like to examine toilet paper with microscope just to check that there is no blood ? 
  today atleast !, 
  damn . 
  i have tested opks in mornings and sometimes they get gradually darker but few times ( like this cycle ) it was just stark white , then suddenly very dark and next day very pale line . 
  you still have time . 
  fingers crossed for you !, 
  it sadly might not be your imagination . 
  my periods have been horrible few cycles after mcs . 
  i have taken prenatals from 07 am to 11pm , only important thing is that you take them . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  yes please !, 
  still nervous as hell . 
  line has n't gotten much darker . 
  i try to remind myself that with my first one and uljas it was very slow progress , but with early mc line got darker fast . 
  on more positive side , my temp is out of control , according to my ear thermometer , i 'm having fever but not feeling sick at all . 
  i think it is a good sign . 
  i 'm not too worried . 
  not a thing in here at all unless you are doing ivf . 
  it 's luxorius that i even get early ultrasound in few weeks , normally we would need to wait until nt scan . 
  i 'm planning to test tomorrow again so i can compare yesterdays and tomorrows lines . 
  and now when todays test has dried , it is darker than yesterdays , while difference is n't big , there is difference !, 
  i hope to see you too here soon !, 
  i rather test tomorrow and compare that and yestedays tests , there should be difference atleast . 
  8 month of panic for 2 years of sleep deprivation sounds like great deal !, 
  fingers crossed for you . 
  i 'm comparing all my pregnancies like crazy at the moment . 
  with this pregnancy we also plan to tell much earlier . 
  i do n't want to be sobbing mess alone this time . 
  great to hear , came to check your results !, 
  thanks , i think i 'm atleast dpo 14 now . 
  today was some clear darkening so no panic anymore , just a little !, 
  i think i 'm today officially late atleast . 
  calling for doctor next week . 
  great to hear !, 
  i have no idea what brand those are but thanks anyway . 
  doctor decided i need early ultra because history of losses . 
  he told that it would n't be mentally healthy for me or baby to wait until nt scan, 
  lines are darkening !,
