  they have filmed document about king haralds 25 year rule and sonja talks about their loss in it . 
  50 years and she still remembers their loss and all those feeling . 
  hormonal me was sobbing mess when reading about it . 
  it is in finnish so all you can understand about is picture most likely . 
  [ here ] ( https://tv.nrk.no/serie/konge-og-dronning-i-25-aar/nnfa41000116/sesong-1/episode-1 ) is link for the first part of documentary but it is in norwegian and ca n't find english subtitles for it atleast yet .6, 
  same time i think it is morbidly beautiful that after all these years , those still hurt . 
  i rather miss my son until my dying day than forget him . 
  policies can be weird . 
  me and my husband were both studying when we were expecting for our first one . 
  in our country schools does n't cost anything , it just that you have maximum term limit that you can study there before reapplying and other hassle . 
  well anyway . 
  my school did n't have any policy about pregnancies , meanwhile his school automatically added 4 extra semesters for him to complete his studies . 
  i was so envious . 
  that is lovely . 
  i considered same kind of thing for our weddings but explaining why husband was pretty blood elf female priest and bride handsome blood elf male paladin would had been akward . 
  although wedding dress would had been fabulous for my belf . 
  good and bad day . 
  good news first . 
  i had my first official normal visit for ob gyn . 
  she was lovely lady who had ultrasound !, 
  baby was having fun time , fistbumping themselves and moved so much that all the pictures are pretty weird . 
  they were measuring right on time . 
  then the bad part . 
  tw threatening mc . 
  friend has been trying to get pregnant for almost year and few weeks ago finally got positive few weeks ago . 
  now she is about 6 +3 pregnant and started to spot/bleed today . 
  she is at home stuck with sick kid and husband is at business trip . 
  i so much want to go there but she lives more than hour away and i do n't have car . 
  fingers crossed that things will work out for her . 
  it is normal . 
  for my first pregnancy i was so nauseous for whole first trimester . 
  in third pregnancy i did n't have much symptoms , same now with fourth pregnancy . 
  you have weird strangers in grocery store on that side of the atlantic . 
  anyway , those why nots are worst i think . 
  it 's kinda okay to small talk but asking more invasive questions is big no no and makes my hair go gray . 
  sorry but i do n't exactly remember , how far were you pregnant with your loss ? 
  i 'm just thinking , i have two losses but i only count uljas as a child , the one that we lost early was is just loss but not accounted . 
  writing that feels bit horrible actually . 
  ear plugs . 
  seriously , those saved my sanity . 
  first of all , i was able to sleep while husband was taking care of baby . 
  secondly , when she was having those days that nothing was fine and wanted constatly be carried and was still crying all the time , ear plugs made volume much more tolerable . 
  i want proper sushi . 
  this vegerarian sushi is such a bs compared to proper raw salmon . 
  also i miss my first pregnancy . 
  it was so worry free and easy and i could nap when ever i wanted . 
  now i have toddler running around and i 'm feeling so guilty for letting her to watch paw patrol and other children shows so i can get naps next to her . 
  ouch , better address it atleast for temporay replacement . 
  great to hear !, 
  i love reading your updates when we are almost due date buddies !, 
  17 +5 here !, 
  good luck !, 
  i had uhm , interesting day yesterday . 
  i had small overdose of constipation medicines and well , you can all guess what happens when you take that stuff too much . 
  my constipation had been bad enough that i got prescribed second medicine to take with first and seems like second is way more effective than i thought . 
  on positive side , after worst part was over , i slept so well . 
  i think my sahm status is really making me lunatic sometimes . 
  todays greatest achievement has been finding princess sofia amulet for my daughter from our national mom group . 
  i turned there to get help since for some reason each and every shop is finland is out of them and closest i found was in germanys amazon . 
  i was cheering from joy when one woman messaged me that she has one amulet and was able to sell it !, 
  i actually tell everyone my edd is first of july while it is actually last of june . 
  everyone will remember the month but not the day so i will have few more weeks of june when no one is asking if i already had baby or not . 
  i was in so much pain that all i remember about getting epidural is that doctor was handsome and i did n't even notice the needle . 
  i agree . 
  breastfeeding was the easies part of whole baby thing . 
  it was n't just the feeding part , i had pretty much instant pacifier with me all the time which would also make baby macigally fall asleep often . 
  i felt like i was cheating when bb . 
  few times that i had pumped milk and husband tried to feed with bottle , it was constant battle for them but bb was always easy . 
  18 +0 today . 
  seems like getting closer to point when we lost uljas is really getting into my nerves . 
  i 'm avoiding most of the baby forums like plague and keep just waiting for bad news . 
  i also have quite horrible nightmares and otherwise disturbing dreams when i 'm able to sleep . 
  also my daughter has been bit sick which has caused extra sleep loss . 
  thankfully , my mil sees to have some telepathic abilities . 
  kid woke up 06 am because she was feeling ill again , usually she sleeps until 09 . 
  she was n't ably to continue her sleeping so here i am , slept atleast 4 hours and screaming for sleep internally !, 
  then suddenly , in the middle of breakfast , mil sends message `` we could come in hour to pick up kid to play in our place if you do n't mind ? '' . 
  if i do n't mind ??? 
  you mean i can get naps if i do n't mind . 
  yes yes yes . 
  i hope everything is fine , keep us updated . 
  hurrah !, 
  my mil is amazing . 
  i need to find somekind of national mil competition and sign her there , she would win with landslide . 
  where can i preorder ? 
  married pregnant non american sahm . 
  i have one friend with eating disorder . 
  their tactic during pregnancy was that she never even looked the scale , she would just step there , step away and midwife wrote number down on their files but my friend never saw those . 
  they agreed to discuss about weight only if there was serious issues which there never was . 
  that helped my friend a lot . 
  i have anatomy scan waiting at 19 +4 so that helps i hope !, 
  no idea , we do n't get to know gender before anatomy scan which is 8th of february . 
  this is why i have said to everyone that our edd is at the beginning of july while it is actually 30th of june . 
  people only remember the month usually so i hope i can get few more peaceful weeks during june before questioning starts . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i just want to say , your loss is loss even when you already have kids . 
  in some ways , it might be easier to move from it . 
  on the other hand , you know exactly what you lost , you know how wonderful is small baby and when they are growing . 
  you lost sibling for your son and their future together . 
  and after all that , you still need to show brave face for your son and grieve in private .
