  i do n't really like all that white stuff , it gets dirty anyway . 
  it can be totally nothing , or you may be carrying bucket with you because you are throwing up so much . 
  to be honest , his smile is very genuine and he is good looking fellow . 
  if he would play role like robb stark or jon snow , girls would be oogling over her . 
  actually many people also speculated olly to be red herring . 
  yes and no . 
  iron islands are way behind , atleast few books . 
  there is bit in kings landing left and some with jaime since in books he did n't go to dorne at all and we are not sure if his doings in books are going to be aired at all . 
  then there is case arya . 
  if books went 1 , 2 , ... 9 , 10 , show has been 3 , 5 , 8 , 2 , 1 , 10 ... 
  there is something left to spoil about arya or maybe not , depends if they skip some parts . 
  bran had something like 3 chapters left when show forgot him . 
  also barristan had some stuff left but obviously he is n't going to do that stuff now . 
  almost forgot sam , he has few chapters atleast . 
  then there is 2 or 3 storylines that did n't make it to the show at all , looking at you dorne !, 
  we are not sure if they have been skipped or will they be added to someone elses storyline since dorne was somewhat rewritten by d&d . 
  tyrion is way ahead , stannis seems to be ahead but his story is modified . 
  sansa is technically ahead but we are assuming that she wo n't visit winterfell in that manner anyway so it is hard to say . 
  dany , jon , margaery and mostly cercei are just where we left them last time , cercei having like one paragraph more in books . 
  so there could be some unpleasent suprises for you left if you read spoilers all threads . 
  it seems like euron has been cast for next season . 
  such a horrible 24 hours . 
  spoilers , baby is fine but story is maybe bit gross . 
  yesterday i whined that i have n't slept much lately . 
  mil was kind enough to grab toddler so i could rest and sleep and returned kid this morning . 
  well my uterus clearly had different plans . 
  since i had so much free time and peace , why would n't we start `` go away hematoma '' project with multiple braxton hicks ( for further story , bh ) and dull pain with huge amount of clots . 
  dull pain was new thing so i called to er . 
  they wanted me to visit and it was actually fastest visit in er ever . 
  got us and baby was fine , hematoma had shrinked enourmously and had my cervix full of pieces of hematoma . 
  thankfully doctor explained that those bhs are just way to get hematoma out , this would take few days at most and it 's nothing serious unless there is severe pain and bleeding . 
  neither has happened luckily . 
  i tried to take it easy during evening but then again bh after bh . 
  finally went to sleep after shower which seemed to calm those down . 
  i managed to sleep till 02:30 and then they started to be annoying . 
  every few minutes bh and every now and then i went to toilet and clots , clots everywhere . 
  baby was nice enough to kick every now and then to tell that they are okay . 
  well , those bhs finally started to calm down after 06 but of course it took a while to get sleep again . 
  after 09 , doorbell ring and local version of ups delivered package so i had to wake up . 
  so what do we have here , instead of 10 hours of sleep , i got less than 6 and in two separate parts . 
  so not feeling rested and bhs and clots are still working their way out . 
  uterus hurts , not in scary way but more like it is just as tired as i am to do this stuff . 
  tl : dr trying labour version of half maraton with hematoma . 
  if i understood correctly , it really is the end chapter of it but you got to give it credit , atleast it 's leaving with full show . 
  it certainly is small miracle by itself . 
  i really hope this thing will pass soon , it makes even walking feel hard when all the muscle there is so tired . 
  just send her message if she could come play with kid tomorrow morning , at the moment i do n't feel like even standing up . 
  husband came home today soon after naps and they are now leaving to park so i can try to rest some more . 
  first there was some clotting , then i noticed there was more braxton hicks and both started to get more frequent and now it 's just clearly overtired uterus aching . 
  only 30minutes from last check up that there is movements so no panic . 
  panadol seems to be easing things a lot so taking maximum safe dose before going to sleep soon , i hope that will do the trick . 
  i think this must be necessary evil to get rid of hematoma but as you said , bit miserable . 
  something positive today atleast . 
  kid told that there is baby maija in my belly . 
  maybe she knows something that i do n't and there is girl !, 
  maija is pretty common female name around here . 
  i tried to ask if she ment majava ( beaver ) but nope , baby maija . 
  hopeful optimists could be another term in this case . 
  althought for this serie it also means dumb often . 
  just updating status here , finally feeling almost normal . 
  althought my torso is like after serious case of bronchitis , every muscle is so tired . 
  woke up atleast 10 times during night because of sore uterus doing some braxton hicks but now they are pretty much over . 
  lack of symptoms sucks even when most symptoms are annoying too . 
  i have n't had much symptoms during any of my pregnancy and i have one living child and one almost half way done . 
  everything is hopefully totally okay and you are just having one of those fancy pregnancies where you glow and wonder why other women are constantly telling how their pregnancy sucks . 
  i had over week break from feeling first kicks at 155 and next time it was at 17w, 
  is there how much daylight in where you live . 
  i know few muslims who are pregnant here and definitely skip ramadan this year but mostly because there is less than 4 hours sun down where i live at the moment . 
  few of them do it instead following sunset and sunrise in mekka . 
  maybe you try every other day fasting or just making your diet much lighter , vegetable soups and other that kind of stuff and skip all the treats , like kids who are n't still able to do whole fasting . 
  sorry if there is some errors with how i have understood the fasting works during ramadan . 
  ramadan mubarak for you !, 
  my `` i 'm feeling normal '' was way too soon . 
  these contractions / braxton hicks take 6-12 break and then come back to torture me for unknown period and this just keeps going and going . 
  last night they started right after midnight and did n't end before 05 . 
  today they started at 18 and still going stronger and stronger . 
  panadol does nothing but heatpillow helps a bit atleast . 
  also baby seems to like that pillow , they are having party always when they get warm . 
  calling to midwife at monday if this wo n't stop , if nothing else , i atleast want some kind of painkillers that do something and someone to check cervix . 
  only thing keeping me sane is that baby is actively kicking . 
  sorry for not participating much to your guys pregnancies . 
  :( i 'm just way too tired and miserable to comment much . 
  congratulations , wohoos and hugs for everyone whose latest news need those . 
  it 's not pronounced same way . 
  finnish also has word `` huh '' but it means more like `` phew '' . 
  watch the show . 
  i rather see the spoilers as they happen than read some post in facebook about my favourite characters death . 
  i can , just too tired to answer to almost anybody , so i hope you all see this . 
  thank you for your wishes . 
  we will get through this and propably in few days when i can see dictionary without wall of tears , i will tell you about my sweet little son a bit more . 
  do n't worry too much about me , i have my daughter and even during this day , which is clearly the saddest day of my life , she has made me laugh so many times that i just ca n't love her enough for that . 
  you girls have kept me sane so many times during last few months that i 'll be forever grateful , even now when rollercoaster ride did n't have happy ending . 
  same with doran martell , while his game has only been slightly revealed at all , it 's clear that he has long game going on . 
  grrm is so great with this . 
  not only he has real power players never narrated , but the usage of history and characters as only memory of others makes this story so interesting . 
  rhaegar targaryen , lyanna stark , mad king and arthur dayne for example , all we know about them is opinions and memories but we wo n't propably never see them in real ( book ) life . 
  well , technically do n't belong here anymore but this is really moanday to me and honestly i 'm just seeking sympathy . 
  ** trigger warning mc . 
  gave birth to our little son yesterday at 19w . 
  very long story short , i was at hight risk category whole time and finally one of the biggest risks happened , got bacteria or virus into uterus and to placenta .
