  those are pretty rough to see when you are ttc . 
  worst post i have seen was my friend posting tons of pictures of her baby `` here some baby fever for you '' . 
  that bitch knew we are trying . 
  they will be expected to be diginatives when they are teens and adults so i see it as bad move to deny all technology . 
  moderation is the key i think . 
  my 20 month old can watch selected videos from my phone when i need both hands and eyes for something else . 
  usually they are videos about herself with me , her dad , grandparents or other familiar folk which she loves to watch . 
  i still encourage her to play with blocks or read books and cellphone is more like emergency 3 minute babysitter . 
  when she is bit older i will propably download few apps into our tablet so she can make puzzles or what ever . 
  how old are these kids and does she tag them to photos ? 
  i personally would n't like it . 
  i do n't post pictures of my kid into facebook and i think no one should either . 
  mine is only toddler so might when she starts school i may have changed my opinion . 
  this was very interesting and helpful to read , thank you . 
  oh dear , that must have been horrible . 
  i was pretty much same as you but i was allowed to read as long as i wanted . 
  secondly i saw lot 's of nightmares and was never denied the access to go to my parents bed to seek comfort . 
  note that this did n't happen every night , sometimes few times a month , sometimes 5 nights row . 
  i was something like 13 when i finally decided by myself that i 'm too old to go to their bed . 
  after that there was always extra pillow and blanket in livingroom that i could grab and sleep in couch since staying in my own bed with all those monsters from nightmares was still too much to ask . 
  cycle 7 was the cycle for me . 
  i got bfp and 6 days later cp/mc . 
  after that i pretty much become the negative nancy and just angrily glare at my calender . 
  i 'd like to give another point of view . 
  i only have one child . 
  we always wanted small age gap , max 2 years and since our eldest took only two cycles we thought it would be easy thing . 
  we started actively trying at the point where the age gap would have been 21 months , pretty much straight when my periods started to be normal again . 
  now we are at the end of cycle 9 and still no pregnancy . 
  what i want to say by writing this ? 
  you can dream about ideal gap but you ca n't just decide that this is what we want . 
  af should be here today so tested and negative . 
  what do i see when i go into facebook ? 
  `` oh my god , here is lineporn from my clear blue , pregnant 1-2 !, 
  we were supposed to start trying next summer '' . 
  bitch . 
  some of these replies are treating your wife like 3 year old . 
  play like you would play with friend with the extra that you love her . 
  help her out if she needs help but let her explore the world and her class . 
  personally i like collecting pets , leveling alts and professions but that 's just me . 
  there is plenty of girls who do n't care about pets but are die hard arenaplayers , raiders , casuals . 
  do n't let the fact that she is female betray you , she can enjoy every aspect as well as anyone else . 
  i have two favourite zones : outland nagrand because it 's just beautiful and sholazar basin . 
  music in sb is awesome . 
  ttc 2 here too . 
  dd is 20 months old . 
  that comparing part is the worst . 
  not anymore , af decided to be complete troll and was two days late but still , now she is here and i 'm going to drown my sorrow by devouring every christmas chocolate and other christmas food i can find . 
  it sounds like cp and i 'm so so sorry . 
  i do . 
  latest trolling was worst . 
  first it forgot to send pms symptoms and i was thinking if this might be a sign . 
  note that with my first pregnancy the only symptom was that there was no pms symptoms . 
  i started to get excited , poas dpo 13 and negative . 
  started to wait for af and nope . 
  dpo 14 , nope but starting to feel some pregnancy symptoms , definitely not pms . 
  dpo 15 , nope . 
  we agreed with husband that if we make it till dpo16 i 'll test again and here we go , in the morning of dpo 16 , here comes af stronger and meaner than ever . 
  overall it sucks that most pregnancy symptoms can be pms symptoms too . 
  atleast i am brilliant at having fake symptoms . 
  did my boobs feel sore , hmm , maybe they do . 
  do i feel nauseous ? 
  yes , when i 'm starting to think of vomiting i feel a bit nauseous . 
  am i tired ? 
  yes it must be a sign , nothing to do with christmas stress , finishing my barchelors degree , having 20 month old and moving to new place 4 days before christmas . 
  definitely i 'm tired just because i 'm pregnant . 
  / r/miscarriage was the place for me . 
  i was pregnant for 6 days and seems like it was cm or early mc . 
  you do n't only mourn for lost baby , you mourn all dreams you were finally allowed to think . 
  atleast i already saw that baby playing with her big sister , i already saw how our next summer would had been . 
  i already had planned that we could announce the baby with christmas cards , atleast i did n't have the time for photoshoot . 
  for me first few weeks were in denial . 
  all those what ifs . 
  many woman have periods or two while they are already pregnant . 
  maybe it was twin pregnancy and the other twin survived . 
  after bleeding had ended and i did pregnancy test and it was negative it finally hit me . 
  we lost our baby and there is nothing we can do about it . 
  then was the worst part . 
  i was complete mess and just cried and sit on couch staring at the wall and cried some more . 
  now it has been two months and clearly i 'm not okay with it , but i 'm functional again . 
  there are still triggers , like friend who has same due date as i had but all in all , life goes on . 
  when posts like yours come up , they are kinda therapeutic to read that we are not alone with this and while this sucks , it just happens . 
  i wish you all the luck and sincerely hope that next year will be the magical year for you . 
  yes . 
  i did same way with my first kid . 
  i only announced the birth which was bit funny since she is born 1.4 and some people thought i was joking . 
  also no pictures . 
  i have made posts about first steps and first words but no pictures or video . 
  for next pregnancy , same deal . 
  it 's not even cold , our winter is broken at the moment . 
  do n't know how to phrase this without sounding like jerk but i 'm not doing it for my friends , i 'm doing it for my daughter . 
  this is pathetic and hate is very wrong feeling to feel but one of my friend . 
  technically she did nothing wrong , she just is pregnant and has same duedate as i had until miscarriage . 
  she is like walking and breathing tombstone for my baby . 
  honey i 'm so sorry . 
  same kind of thoughts are stressing me . 
  we will spend our christmas with my pregnant sil who does n't know about our ttc or mc . 
  in my cruel little mind , i have pondered the thought to make a scene if she starts asking about cousins for her kids . 
  that way i could get out fast and also could skip most of the boring parts while sitting in my room redditing . 
  propably i 'll just smile politely and try to change subject . 
  i already have one kid and i 'm still not sure 100 % time if i am a fitting parent .
