  my pregnancy group has been nice etc but now when most of us are in second trimester , it 's starting to be bit hurtful to see how worriless they all are . 
  like nothing could happen anymore . 
  then there is few women who are whining about every little thing with their perfectly normal pregnancies and i 'm just like `` wan na swap ? '' . 
  how can people be so careless and naive and why ca n't i be ?? 
  we had kinda pack and play . 
  it was one of these : http://www.ebay.co.uk/bhp/samsonite-pop-up-bubble-cot, 
  it was very useful when we wanted to be outside and did n't have that huge babywagon with us , also it was easy to move indoors from room to room and was useful when traveling . 
  and as you can see , they are n't that expensive . 
  me too , so if anyone has any spare morning sickness , please send !, 
  third time pregnant , with only one kid alive . 
  went to toilet and there was blood , so freaking much blood everywhere and more coming all the time . 
  still do n't know how this will end but that moment was two months ago and i 'm still pregnant with same baby . 
  one benefit i forgot to mention . 
  the one we have fits into my handbag when packed . 
  it was major thing when visiting friends over naptime and it was easy to carry along with the baby and other stuff . 
  / r/finland, 
  / r/europe, 
  / r/gameofthrones, 
  / r/books, 
  / r/wow, 
  / r/knitting, 
  / r/crochet, 
  / r/parenting, 
  / r/showerthoughts, 
  actually 4 ultrasounds since then . 
  that doens ' t sound good . 
  atleast 4 more hours before i can watch it , argh . 
  good that you got time so early and i hope everything will be alright !, 
  passed my gestational diabetes test , yey !, 
  ouch , i really need to start watching my eating too . 
  i got way worse results than with first pregnancy at week 24 so i think i 'm really at the risk to get that gd later again . 
  so much agreed . 
  why ca n't cucumber give such an instant satisfaction as french fries , hamburgers , chocolate and all those glorious not good foods . 
  ouch , if this makes you feel better , the worse i have felt , the better my results have been . 
  good to hear , try to stay hydrated . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but did n't books tell that cercei and jaime often had that kind of `` game '' before sex where cercei was acting hard to get . 
  atleast that is how understood that their dynamic often worked . 
  great to hear , especially with that paid maternity leave !, 
  nightmare about not finding heartbeat was n't exactly what i needed at the moment . 
  it was once . 
  also there was no tokens in ah during that time . 
  good luck . 
  it must be hard for you . 
  less than week , next tuesday morning is next ultrasound . 
  i 'm actually pretty positive about that dream , in same dream i also had baby dragons so if that 's the realism my dreams can reach , it 's not too worrying . 
  7 + times a night waking up baby who only calms down for more than 15 minutes if they are sleeping next to you makes you change opinion pretty fast . 
  babies are masters of torturing with lack of sleep . 
  why did i go and read that post , why ? 
  now i 'm just angry at them . 
  that poster telling how they would never put their toddler in leash and parents should n't take their kids outside at all if they ca n't behave seriously does n't have kids or any perspective outside of their own little bubble . 
  besides other thing already posted here , do n't forget her baby . 
  when due date is , she will need you . 
  when it 's year from today , she would propably hope that someone else besides her is still remembering that baby and sad about it . 
  losing baby at that far in pregnancy is a traumatic loss but somehow people seem to be expecting that you just continue your life . 
  one suggestion i read somewhere else in same kind of situation was that act like that baby was three months old when they died . 
  you would say you are sorry and understand years from now that the due date ( = birthday ) and day of loss are still marked red in their mental calender and it 's horrible situation if they need to act like whole pregnancy and baby never happened . 
  that question can be so hurtfull . 
  as a personal experience , you know what is real mood killer at new years eve parties ? 
  being asked when you are going to have kids only month after miscarriage ( we told no one about it ) . 
  then you option is to make it akward for everyone and answer `` when they stop dying too early '' or just try to hide you pain and mumble something . 
  i 'm sorry , atleast for me pregnancy hormones cause so weird dreams and it continued way past pregnancy . 
  i hope you get better dreams tonight . 
  such a cute picture !, 
  it 's clearly seeable without doing any tricks for screen !, 
  i 'm so sorry , i 'll still keep hope up for you but i totally understand that you may feel like giving up . 
  try to fill you mind with other stuff even though it is very hard . 
  he sounds like guy you can actually pour your fears out during pregnancy which is awesme !, 
  have tried both , i 'd actually swap for giving birth once a month to my 7 days periods . 
  atleast you can get epidural and other strong pain killers compared to lousy paracetamol and it 's usually over in day . 
  you can wish , does n't happen for everyone . 
  after eating his meal , he comes to poke everyone with his nose as to say thank you . 
  good luck !, 
  omg how suprised they will be when it 's such a huge thing !, 
  not only that you are pregnant but there is also two coming !, 
  i have lot of faith in your appointment , it will go splendidly !, 
  it 's certainly scary but try to keep you breathing . 
  lot 's of hugs !, 
  considering how severe news could have been , that 's pretty good result . 
  i googled it and seems like those who have it can live fairly normal life . 
  so well , congratulations for a baby boy !, 
  if it makes you feel better , we have those classes , or atleast kinda like those in finland by goverment and they pretty much tell less than google . 
  we still manage to give birth here . 
  so in your shoes , i 'd be comfortable to take that 37w class , more than likely you are still at one piece . 
  it 's lovely announcement and such a great name !, 
  i 'm really sorry for what you are going through . 
  not trying to encourage your hope since mine is bit rare case , but i started to bleed heavily at 5w4d . 
  i was devastated since it had been half year of trying after previous mc . 
  doctor did us and it was n't mc , instead it was hematoma . 
  i 'm still bleeding 9 weeks later but still also pregnant . 
  get yourself checked , just in case . 
  do n't worry too much . 
  we all make mistakes when parenting . 
  the public secret seems to be that you make it up as you go . 
  if you feel like you are doing something wrong , you can correct it . 
  some of those principles you swear you will follow will be first thing in your discard pile and some you keep . 
  until they are reaching teen years , i think you ca n't be too involved . 
  those are still kids who need parents in their lives to guide them and tell them right from wrong . 
  but also they need to make their own mistakes and learn from them , you can just be there and soften the hardest blows . 
  also now they did n't need to use make up on every scene , only on those where jorah is checking it . 
  may i ask you how did you come up with that name , it 's very beautiful !,
