  it 's huge relief to be able to read that these same things has happened to me before . 
  if you are uncomfortable , go ahead and wear something comfortable . 
  no reason to suffer just because calender says so . 
  feeling pretty positive . 
  decided to pack up maxipads and head to shopping and to vote in parliament election . 
  even ate out and it was glorious . 
  very minor bleeding so i guess i picked a good day for it . 
  this is exciting week , midwife meeting wednesday and ultrasound friday . 
  my favourite real life tv show ( kinda like idols but different concept ) has finale friday evening , game of thrones started and official election day on sunday so i 'm going to stay up late waiting for results . 
  that would be awesome skip !, 
  well you got yourself bit action i see . 
  good thing you did n't need to self-heimlich !, 
  bad morning , once again , ** trigger warning for lot 's of blood ** :, 
  i went to flowershop to buy birthday flowers for my mil , less than 5 minutes away from us . 
  since there had been almost zero bleeding , i felt confident and did n't bother to swap from normal pad to night pad . 
  when waiting at the register i felt how blood started to pour out of me once again . 
  more , more and more . 
  fastforward back home , pad is totally soaked , so is my underwears and my jeans . 
  from zero to complete mess in 10 minutes . 
  and then people still bother to wonder why i 'm often afraid to go outside . 
  it sucks , mostly because there are days that there is n't so much bleeding and i actually could go outside and do stuff like yesterday and there are days like this . 
  i just ca n't really tell them apart and the change can happen in few minutes . 
  maxi dresses are fantastic idea , compared to other maternity clothes , you can actually use them later !, 
  good luck for appointment !, 
  i 'm having mine too tomorrow !, 
  ooh , extra scans are always awesome !, 
  lot 's of hugs , pregnancy is way too scary thing . 
  this really has all the right words . 
  i had my first normal appointment today and it was good . 
  midwife was very nice and understanding , she scheduled me to high risk category for my mental health so i can have appointments more often until hematoma is gone . 
  while there will be visit almost every forthnight , she still said that if i feel worried i can always call and they try to get time for same day to come and check heartbeat as soon as they can hear it with their machines . 
  all in all , i 'm very happy about this . 
  also excited about fridays ultrasound . 
  in worse news , seems like my friend who has edd 15 days later than mine is having mc . 
  :( she will find out tomorrow but as you all can guess , she is really devastated . 
  it 's scary to try to support her when i 'm still not completely sure if this pregnancy will end in same way . 
  yes , keep eating !, 
  for nausea i loved to eat fridge cold grapes and for real hunger , full grain rice , pasta and porridge keeps hunger a bit longer i think . 
  for me it was problem but only because the layout of our house . 
  we had bedrooms and almost everything upstairs but shower and sauna downstairs . 
  you could n't really hear if kid woke up and at first my baby was sleeping anything from 5 minutes to 3 hours so i could never be sure she would sleep during the shower . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  there are n't words to describe any of this properly so just know that we are thinking of you . 
  i love this and while my husband does n't approve , this is my favourite `` lullaby '' to sing to my daughter when she goes to sleep . 
  us was this morning . 
  there they were , schr\u00f6dinger even waved for us and their heart was beating and everything . 
  on the worse news , also hematoma had tripled its size . 
  doctor did seemed to be bit concerned and now i have been assigned to hospital to see gyn for further checking since hematoma is n't supposed to get bigger . 
  now i 'm officially at high risk category and estimated time for bleeding to end is closer to months than weeks . 
  ca n't really cheer to that . 
  when thinking everything , things seems to be as positive as they can be . 
  placenta is high up in the uterus , then there is baby in their own peace and closest to cervix is hematoma . 
  so risk that it will erupt and grab placenta and therefor baby with it is pretty small . 
  still , it is a risk . 
  so all in all , i 'm pretty positive but it 's sinking slowly into my mind that i 'm actually having high risk pregnancy and it 's really scary thing to think . 
  i hope so too and thanks for well wishes !, 
  yeah , the important thing is that the baby is okay . 
  atleast now i know that until hematoma is gone , there will be ultrasounds every few weeks so i do n't need to wait from nt-scan to that week ~ 20 ultrasound . 
  by the way , what is that later ultrasound called in english and also what are the letters from nt-scan in english ? 
  was just wondering since in finnish nt-scan is from niska ( neck ) turvotus ( swelling ) . 
  good luck and lurk / comment ahead as much as you want . 
  i have had same issue that i do n't know what causes nausea . 
  happy for you symptoms , while they are n't exactly pleasant , they are so reassuring and comfort for mind . 
  my daughter did that to her father at the aget of 18 months for a while , i think his name was easier to pronounce than isi ( daddy ) since `` s '' was bit hard for her at first . 
  after a month or two she swapped to isi and has been using that ever since . 
  it makes sense , straight translation for our rakenne-ultra would be struckture scan but anatomy is almost synonym . 
  johan on . 
  so not cool . 
  hope you will get new time very soon and this time they stick to it . 
  my husband ~ ~ recommended ~ ~ insisted that i have to read them and since he is usually right , i did . 
  no regrets . 
  also `` suomuurain '' but i think it 's least used name . 
  nope . 
  sometimes i 'm not even sure about writers gender , for example thought enid blyton and robin hobb were males and i do n't think the revelation of them being female had any effect . 
  before anyone wonders about enid , i really thought it 's male name since i was n't familiar with english names back then . 
  i think those are because there has been plenty of `` i read ready player one '' threads after it was published and people are getting bored with those . 
  especially when this post was mostly just announcement that op read the book and had n't much to say about it . 
  direction is good so now it 's just wait game . 
  good luck !, 
  ouch , those sound nasty . 
  hopefully it will be replaced with nicer symptom like that glorified second trimester glow . 
  we are going to tell to my parents today , yeiii !, 
  it 's pretty much first time we can tell about schr\u00f6dinger without it involving `` yeah we are pregnant and going to er so could you check our toddler/dog '' etc so i 'm excited . 
  maybe it 's pregnancy hormones but i have been sad few days because i miss half of the posts in alumni thread since i 'm in the wrong side of globe and usually this posts starts to fill when i 'm going sleep . 
  then when i check up the `` old '' thread at morning , feels like everything has been already said and i have nothing to add anymore . 
  same time feeling attention whoring when often having one of the first posts in daily thread but it is 11 am here when new thread is even posted . 
  sure , i 'll stay night there so reporting will have to wait for tomorrow . 
  i guess i 'm going to mention bleeding too so they will understand why i 'm not coming to sauna this time . 
  maybe , they could feel like that . 
  also baby hickcups feel like twitches at first . 
  i started to feel those kicks only at ~ 20 so hard to say , awesome if you are feeling them already , it 's not uncommon at those weeks either . 
  let 's be attention whores together then !, 
  but seriously , i think it 's important to feel that you are heard , even if it 's just those `` congratulations / hugs / that must be so frustrating '' . 
  personally it makes me feel better tto know that someone else is living in this same pregnancy rollercoaster and i 'm not alone with this , even when we are are in different point of pregnancy with different histories . 
  tenderness is okay usually . 
  ligament pains are a thing during whole pregnancy but especially during ~ 8-15 weeks when uterus is growing so fast . 
  so we told to my parents and it went better than fine . 
  they were very supportive when we told that there has been some issues . 
  it had awesome results , we stayed there over night , my husband got finally sleep bit longer since my mother took care of taking dog outside at morning and then she , my sister , her kid and my kid went to park for whole morning so i got to rest too . 
  i have n't felt so rested for weeks !,
