  even hbo thinks it 's worth the hype , it 's the episode they have named for emmys . 
  yep , distant relative . 
  i 'm getting more annoyed with show-only people , almost in everythread there is someone `` omg why did i hover over it '' or similar fishing for sympathy to acting like 4 year old . 
  it 's tagged spoiler for a reason . 
  it 's stunning how well he can use only one word but give so many meanings for it with just using his voice . 
  to be honest , they still mostly deserve it . 
  yeah , for me hew was so much more hot bad boy compared to season 4 daario . 
  appearance did n't certainly mach but by old gods and new , that guy was flame for moths . 
  in my sauna , 65-70c , it 's very small and i like to slowly boil in sauna . 
  in more healthy sized saunas , 80 is usually pretty fine . 
  there is two official languages in finland , finnish and swedish . 
  i 'd advice that in week 37-38 , go and buy cheapest pairt that fits and also one size bigger . 
  those will last for the first week hopefully and then you boobs are hopefully closer to realistic measuring and you can actually buy good bras . 
  i went from a to b during pregnancy and b to d in 5 days after giving birth . 
  now they have been slowly shrinking back to b during 14 months . 
  you have beautiful eyes and you really deserve to be proud of yourself !, 
  how many hours i have been in bed trying to sleep without success . 
  lol !, 
  it 's funny to see all these regional rules . 
  in finland only mention about sauna was that you should n't be there excessive amounts of time ( over half hour ) without taking a break to drink something to keep yourself hydrated . 
  sauna does n't really rise you body temperature , only few degrees from surface . 
  i actually got advice from my midwife that when you think labour is starting , heat the sauna and go there to help yourself with pain and to keep yourself relaxed . 
  i even have consent from husband for it . 
  wonderful . 
  it 's awesome so see how those minor characters are always on the backround doing what they are supposed to do and always in character . 
  no one questioned my motivation to climb on a tree or to build sand castles . 
  always keep the gate closed . 
  hugantic bag of rubber bands . 
  i was 7 and thought it was the exactly the gift he wanted and needed . 
  he gave me a call 15 1/2 years after that and proudly told that the bag was empty . 
  when i looked in to a mirror in one way too early morning that almost had a heart attack because i thought my dad was staring back at me there . 
  to make it worse , i 'm woman . 
  it is completely normal . 
  for example , my husband told that after becoming dad , all the movies , all the books , he saw and read from dad perspective . 
  he was mufasa for simba and taken was suddenly very emotional movie for him . 
  birthdays are reason for getting old . 
  no , there is also some stuff with jon unfinished . 
  if you really do want to , read the books , then it will go under your skin unlike `` oops , accidentally hovered over a spoiler '' . 
  there was a scene that was the holy shit !!!, 
  scene for readers and atleast in my personal experiment , much bigger thing than red weddings , purple weddings or anything that happened in s4e10 . 
  because jon still has asos stuff to do so it 's bs . 
  stay baby stay !, 
  how are you doing now ? 
  asos , affc and adwd . 
  jon is still stuck in asos , also there is few other things to discover from there . 
  bran who is furthest away is already far away in adwd , do n't remember if he has already passed half of the book . 
  so if your really want to skip something , agot and acok are pretty much done but even they would add a lot of contex . 
  i gave this advice to someone else earlier but giving it to you too . 
  reserve one hour of week which you have been using for watching got to read the books , you will catch before next season . 
  i do n't mean to diminish the other stuff of your bookself but more than likely no one is going to spoil them on youtube/twitch . tv/facebook . 
  last year they started 31 weeks before season 4 . 
  i could guess that it will start very soon because there is 40 episodes and only ~ 41 weeks left , give or take a week since we do n't know the exact airing date of s5 . 
  yeah , and you certainly heard when it happened . 
  now the first thing i often notice is the horrible smell . 
  oh , i know the feeling . 
  our house is clean in the morning before terrori ... uhm , kid has n't woken up yet and finally after she goes to sleep , but in the middle of the day home could be mistaken to catastrophe zone . 
  totally not ridiculous . 
  fil needs to grow pair and cancel the invites , it 's not your fault that he is acting like an idiot . 
  i went to army . 
  as far as i 'm told , i seem to be type who would n't even go camping or anywhere without electricity where you could get your nail broken . 
  did you skip month since i 'm counting 41 sundays straight from calender ? 
  there is also 52 weeks in year and this season lasted 11 weeks . 
  dragon age ii . 
  it was n't a bad game but after da :o everyone waited for so much more . 
  it 's not really a joke , during midsummer celebration there is huge peak in deaths . 
  drunken people drown more , there is car crashes since half of the country is desperately trying to find a lake where to drown so there is traffic and also drunken people cause some extra crashes and get to some fights so even more deaths . 
  june , july and august are the summer months here . 
  june is even by it 's finnish name kes\u00e4kuu which translates to summer month . 
  bring umbrella . 
  whole season 1 , atleast one episode from season 2 where arya and tywin play verbal chess and the one where renly and stannis chat in the battlefield . 
  season 3 the one where jon and ygritte where in cave . 
  so sorry , do n't remember numbers for episodes . 
  you all are doing it wrong . 
  the song goes :, 
  opqrstu, 
  vwxyz\u00e5\u00e4\u00f6 ! '', 
  oh dear , i hope there is still some swimmers left . 
  i kinda know the feeling at the moment , husband has been here but ovulation is on a vacation it seems . 
  my af came today almost week early , this cycle has been horrible and meanwhile my sister got her second kid this morning . 
  i 'm happy for her but also jealous . 
  ed skrein was more than attractive . 
  he was smoking hot . 
  it would be interesting to know how he saw all the things happening , especially got . 
  we finns are having high hopes for european tournament 2016 since there is 24 participants instead of 16 . 
  but i think our chance for world cup only works if russia invades us and then switches to asian region . 
  meanwhile , gogo oranje !, 
  eat chocolate and either knit , crochet or play some game so i can just leave my brains to closet . 
  to be pregnant , bonus points if less than month to give birth . 
  it was some pretty small it business where my friend used to work in finland , but they had sauna heater for all the working hours and if you had meeting or break , you could have it there if you wanted . 
  they often had all those brainstoming things there . 
  i 'm stay at home mom . 
  i whine that i do n't have enough free time for myself . 
  i bought game from steam summersales last sunday , fast forward week and 42 hours played . 
  i need more time to play !!, 
  not yet but we are looking for a house and now you just got me one more requirement for perfect home . 
  i guess we were saving money for olympics which where held in helsinki 1952 . 
  if direwolves are anything like normal wolves and dogs , it 's extremely unlikely , though not impossible , that male would be smaller than female . 
  i was in tub for few hours and to me it was horrible , i felt like whale being trapped in a pond . 
  it was bit too small to get actually good position so every time there was contraction , i was just whirling helplessly trying to get better position . 
  most women seem to like it but it 's not for everyone .
