  and sorry not sorry , told you so !, 
  that is one beautiful pair of lines there !, 
  such a horrible task to eat extra snacks !, 
  great to hear that yo are doing fine !, 
  i hope your baby heater starts to work soon . 
  for me , third trimester was when it really activated . 
  it was one glorious winter . 
  you are not alone and you baby is not forgotten . 
  thinking of your family . 
  day 1 is such a horrible day when it can bring all the memories of your last pregnancy and how you saw the blood first time . 
  sorry for your loss . 
  i had early mc and biggest difference was 5 days longer cycle for one cycle , but i seem to be having very slow body to cope with hormonal changes . 
  i 'd recommed to start tracking as you normally are , you may waste few tests but if you are desperate to have baby ( i atleast am ) , it is not waste . 
  also [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ttcafterloss/comments/307c5l/poll_for_the_wiki_how_long_did_bleeding_last/ ) is compiled survey from this sub , you could compare your situation and try to find those who have been in same situation . 
  i 'm sorry for cd1 but good to know that you are just on track with o. 
  not familiar with medical stuff you talked about but wishing you all the best !, 
  good luck for next cycle . 
  i found smep horrible to maintain but good for you if you guys have stamina for that !, 
  sounds like you are armed and ready to go !, 
  i hope you all the best , you deserve it !, 
  great that you are feeling more peaceful . 
  waiting for us is torture but you ca n't really force days go faster . 
  while start is scary , it sounds like things are starting to right back on track !, 
  oh dear , i hope you get to meet them quickly . 
  you are so far !, 
  awesome !, 
  wishing all the best but sorry , all the snacks here are for me , i need something to keep me calm . 
  uhm , i never gave mine away while pregnant with uljas . 
  i 'm was n't that worried but they had expiration date so far ahead that i thought i could use them at ttc # 3 . 
  well , if this goes well , they still have almost year for ttc # 3 !, 
  oh dear , that must have been one hell of a rollercoaster ride . 
  congratulations , i sincerely hope everything will go well !, 
  honestly ? 
  because if i fall asleep i may have to answer for child protection service for leaving 2 year old alone . 
  i would love to sleep more . 
  good vibes for you !, 
  i have to agree , for 4 months i have n't been able to sleep without medication , last few nights have been best nights for ages !, 
  this baby heater better start to work asap . 
  below freezing point here again . 
  have i already told i love nausea ? 
  also my obsession with toilet paper still knows no limits , if i could just sneak magnifying glass into toilet without suspicions . 
  i can relate so much . 
  every appointment for uljas felt like waiting for doom , each time i was surprised that there was still heartbeat . 
  and still , when water broke , i was just as surprised . 
  i ca n't even ... 
  i signed for pregnancy group for july/2016 and as you all can count , no one is even past 5w yet . 
  now one lady posted so happily that she ( 4w +4 ) already told to her 5 and 3,5 year old kids . 
  all i can think is that she is being so cruel to her children , burdening then with risk of mc and then they have to cope too with losing sibling . 
  i thought i was being optimistic that i could maybe tell to my daughter at second trimester when she can feel baby kicking if we ever get there . 
  i would n't even consider telling now . 
  althougt , i think the whole group already hates me and thinks i 'm pretty much bad luck token since all i seem to be able to talk is risks , losses and fears . 
  as i think you know , first weeks are horrible mentally , wishing you all the best and i hope you can find moments of peace while waiting for us . 
  i agree . 
  i can understand telling to your safety net so they are prepared to catch you when you fall , but to you children ??? 
  that woman must be glass is full of amniotic fluids type . 
  you will conceive again , sooner or later and i 'd place my bet on sooner . 
  you 'd be insane if not freaking out . 
  that shit is stuff of nightmares . 
  i hope bleeding stays away . 
  i think we do and while we are bitter , at the same time we are so envious of that naive trust . 
  i 'm sorry for you feeling that way . 
  i hope re has some good news . 
  good luck !, 
  tw , detailed mc nightmares :, 
  i had such a horrible night . 
  saw dream where i miscarried at approximately ~ 10 weeks and managed to catch this 1 inch tall fetus who had small little arms , legs and everything . 
  like miniatyre copy of uljas . 
  i was carrying it around and crying and everyone was like it was no big deal and i was screaming that this is already my third loss , i ca n't handle this anymore . 
  after i woke up i was so sure there would be bleeding but nope , still white toilet papers . 
  gosh , 9 days to us , how am i supposed to keep calm so long . 
  and now you made me hungry . 
  i got even better , my sister , mother and nephews came here at morning so we had 1 , 2 and 3 year old running around in here . 
  i think i got those too at my first pregnancy which went totally fine , so i count on them being only dreams . 
  they still suck though . 
  fast-forward 9 months rather !, 
  trying to , thanks !, 
  sounds like great visit !, 
  ca n't wait for pictures !, 
  i would still blame hormons . 
  it will go up and down but try to take naps if you can . 
  i hope your morning sickness will calm down to tolerable nausea , just so you know it 's there and you clearly are pregnant , but does n't make your day too hard . 
  it 's more than great , is the best you have done so far and awesome starting point to improve your time . 
  be proud of yourself . 
  you did something you have never done before and here you are , already planning to do it even better . 
  it can get better too , personally 32-36 were worst , i had horrible hip pain but then baby decided to move a bit more down and suddenly all pain was away and i was as mobile as before pregnancy again . 
  seriously what is wrong with my dreams ?? 
  few days ago i told you about that mc dream . 
  night after that i had two dreams , in first tsunami took my daughter with her grandma and in another i just lost her . 
  last night i woke up when we were waiting for ambulance after i had dragged her out of river where she had slipped through ice . 
  seems like my head is going through catalogue of worst case scenarios happening to her . 
  atleast rest of the night had more peaceful dreams . 
  i know one of my biggest consistent pregnancy symptom is weird , vivid dreams but please , no more nightmares . 
  on happier news , this is furthest i have gone withouth serious bleeding during pregnancy since my daughter . 
  5w4d today i think . 
  ooh , lorelai is lovely !, 
  one of those names that i really love but wo n't fit in finnish mouths at all . 
  good luck , i 'll be waiting for your update . 
  i hope it goes well . 
  wonderful !, 
  as someone who ca n't even draw stick character , that is amazing !,
