  great !!!!, 
  happy valentines day for everyone !, 
  today has been one of those high anxiety days . 
  while baby has kicked everytime i have stopped to check him , i have had this doomsday feeling . 
  whole freaking day , until 5 minutes ago when he started to voluntarily kick like crazy . 
  maybe i will make through this pregnancy as a sane person . 
  maybe not . 
  sounds like movement !, 
  sometimes typos suck but i think in this case we shall nominate brother of / u/heidekraut to be bother from now on . 
  so many hugs honey . 
  it is so damn hard sometimes . 
  i was feeling very much same about uljas at the first trimester of this pregnancy . 
  just crying that i do n't want this baby , i want uljas . 
  now there is some kind of peace of mind about that but it is extremely fragile . 
  i hope days and weeks move by for you and you start to feel better . 
  that is awesome !, 
  i remember how great it felt that i had normal doctor appointment few weeks ago , just totally routine thing that happens for every pregnant woman . 
  it feels so good . 
  i hope that in 4-5 month there is new note in your file : ** diagnosis : normal delivery ** !, 
  nope , never . 
  my tech refused to predict even at 16w because she told it would be too inaccurate and would make her feel unprofessional when accuracy could be same rate with sunday papers horoscope . 
  `` for virgos , next week will bring you news of baby boy . 
  if you are cancer , it is girl and if gemini , there will be surprise twins ! '', 
  what , you guys have colours at that side of ocean ? 
  damned , all we have is black , white , gray and navy blue . 
  on a good day it 's combination of those , of course as stripes . 
  i felt same way when watching spoilers dominion . 
  there was the same sobbing `` i 'm so sorry , i 'm so sorry '' that i did when i found out about our first loss and same happened again when the initial bleeding started when expecting uljas . 
  21 weeks !, 
  and today i had discussion that i thought would be years ahead . 
  heard the dreadful `` mom , how did that baby get on to your tummy ? '', 
  question from my almost 3 year old . 
  it was quite interesting talk but damn i had to do some fast thinking . 
  especially `` did it go from your butt ? 
  are you sure ? 
  did it sneak around the butt ? '' . 
  well , ground work for sex education done . 
  i really felt sorry for her . 
  we do n't know if she got lot of stiches or had other issues but yet she needed to walk there and smile while there could have been huge pad in her pants getting full of blood clots meanwhile . 
  i have no idea , it was her initial idea of how baby could get there . 
  maybe it seems to be more logical way since poop comes out so there is more room to stuff something in ? 
  slightly optimistic . 
  baby is kicking hard and is bit on the bigger side and only few more weeks until viability which i am waiting like christmas !, 
  so i am actually starting to feel like we are going to have a baby next summer !, 
  thanks !!, 
  i 'm so happy that for last week or two , baby has been kicking so much more often and harder that there has n't been `` omg , baby has n't moved for whole day '' moments . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  i 'm at fourth pregnancy with one living child . 
  our eldest is girl and now we are expecting boy . 
  our third pregnancy ( second loss ) ended at 19w for premature birth of our son . 
  my `` favourite '' questiong/comment is `` omg , are n't you excited that you are now having both ? '' . 
  in my own mind i already have both and this is our third child . 
  our first loss was so early that it was borderline cp so i personally do n't count that loss as a child . 
  for my husband it is even worse , he gets all those `` so now you are finally having someone to play football with '' nope , he plays with our daughter already and if things would be different , we would already have almost 4 month old boy in our arms . 
  while i get that for most people 1 pregnancy = 1 child , i do n't really like how people assume it to be true every time . 
  annoying is good word i think . 
  sometimes there is those lucky ones who can be naive and tell advices that feel very patronizing . 
  my newest favourite was `` be happy that you are pregnant if you are n't on full term yet '' . 
  well of course i do n't hope for premie but gosh , i have been pregnant for almost 9 months during last year and still have 4-5 months ahead . 
  i can be bit fed up with pregnancy sometimes without someone making me feel guilty for not wanting to be pregnant all the time . 
  hmm , after writing this i think i might have got too triggered with that post !, 
  happy birthday !!!, 
  awesome present from your son !, 
  great news !, 
  my daughter did same , parked her head straight into sciatica nerve for month and when she finally moved from there the relief was huge !, 
  it is so hard to shake away those dreams . 
  i hope you are already getting over from it , it took me days to feel normal again after 4 nights in row miscarriages and deaths of my daughter . 
  on the bright side , vivid dreams are symptom !, 
  holiday in germany sounds great , i hope you get to go there !, 
  yeah , they were right at 5th week like you have had now , then they pretty much stopped and only few nightmare every now and then after that . 
  you should ask from / u/heidekraut about traveling tips !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i do n't know what to say but we are here for you if you want to talk . 
  i 'm due 30.6 but telling everyone 1.7 so they will most likely just remember early july instead of end of june . 
  i hope it gives me few peaceful weeks . 
  op will be soon find out that her mother used all pumped breastmilk to boost her morning coffee . 
  `` oh i was out of milk , i thought you would n't mind . '', 
  nope , not at all . 
  but i mourn for sushi . 
  i have been 9 months pregnant during last year and still have 4-5 months ahead and i just want to eat normally again . 
  and before someone makes comment about eating sushi in reputable place , no , i do n't live close to those . 
  also i liive far enough from sea that i could n't count on fish being fresh enough . 
  you asked about symptoms , i 'm in my fourth pregnancy and worst symptoms i had when i had early mc . 
  each other pregnancy has had much less symptoms compared to that one . 
  there has been only one common nominator , always feeling like i get flu during tww . 
  other than that , there is everything from no nausea to serious nausea , sore boobs to totally normal . 
  my first pregnancy had worst nausea and resulted healthy girl who turns 3 soon . 
  second pregnancy had bad nausea , so tired and hurty boobs , early mc . 
  third pregnancy had very mild nausea and slightly sore boobs , loss at 19w . 
  fourth pregnancy , mild nausea which kicked in at week 7 and so so so tired all the time , boobs were on and off sore , atm at 21 +2 and everything seems fine . 
  i need to take first one at 12-16w and second one 24-28 week . 
  i have had gd once so that is why i have double test . 
  i 'm definitely going to drag it until 28 since if i have it , they can catch it at urine test too in pre-natal clinic and at 27w i 'll throw my kids birthday party where is going to be cake buffee and i need to taste everything . 
  my boobs were so on/off sore during this pregnancy that i was starting to consider mastectomy just to get rid of checking them all the time . 
  today you are pregnant and i sincerely hope and believe that you will be pregnant tomorrow , day after that , month after that and half year after that . 
  it 's almost midnight and either my second trimester energy boost just arrived or sandman mixed his bags and is throwing cocaine instead of sleeping dust . 
  here i am , planning for nursery , picking names , checking pinterest for knitting ideas for baby and arguing with myself when would be proper time for name revealing party and if it would be awkward to throw baby shower for myself . 
  guess we are having another sleepless night . 
  at least i 'm filled with positive thoughts and feelings instead of anxiety . 
  i do n't share date with my mom but i am only 2 days apart .
