  or you could just be ill and puke those pills out so there goes birth control . 
  coming from another mother , all your mother expects from you is to be happy and alive . 
  not really , sperm can stay alive up to 4 days . 
  so if you had sex few days before getting ill , there is a slight risk of pregnancy and many are not willing to take that risk . 
  i 'm at the boring 2 week wait aka waiting for o and af to pass away . 
  so frustrating since now there is n't even chance to symptom spot . 
  i love it . 
  especially when you browse some infertility forums and you can feel how desperate they were and then see that they got bfp few weeks after that post that was written from such a dark place . 
  ouch , we got pregnant from cycle 7 and our doctor told that the year countdown reseted and starts from mc so it means almost 20 cycles before anyone bothers to check anything . 
  i was ready for rampage at that point . 
  `` that keep trying , it 'll happen '' is almost like slap on the face , included with `` you should n't stress it so much '' . 
  having me-time while toddler is having naps . 
  these 2 hour fights to get her sleep are making me cranky . 
  we go with common sense . 
  i 'm more at home so i do mainly housework , especially laundry since it 's so time consuming and try to prepare food so it 's close to ready when he comes from work . 
  what i love at him is the fact that if we are having busy day with toddler , whether it means we just were n't at home or that she is throwing temper tantrums every 5 minutes , there is not a hint of complain when he arrives and we have done absolutely nothing towards housework . 
  we will re-evaluate situation when i return to work but for now , this works perfectly . 
  same as i wanted for christmas and last birthday , to be pregnant and actually get that baby in the end of it . 
  ouch . 
  my instructor showed me a spot where i should park and i just told that i do n't feel comfortable parking in such a small spot with car that was new to me so i would rather look for better spot . 
  he only said that it was good thing to know your limits and told me to find a spot where i think i could park properly . 
  no way . 
  not that i 'm bad person but my personality is n't something i 'd be looking for in a relationship . 
  i need someone much more calm and rational than what i am . 
  having to sit through a sex scene on tv with your so 's parents . 
  af is finally over so the work begins again . 
  anyone else starting to hate smep ? 
  way too much sex for our taste and last few times of the cycle are more like chore than actually enjoyable . 
  it also kills mood for days so our calender is like af week , smep , total abstinence , af week ... 
  i ca n't even remember anymore how nice it was just to have sex for the sake of sex . 
  exactly , what you would n't do to get maximum chances for pregnancy . 
  this is so far from romantic love making . 
  [ this ] ( http://spermmeetseggplan.com/ ) horror of optimizing your fertile window to be sure that there is always sperm ready to meet your egg . 
  after mc my o day has been anything from cd 10 to 15 and since opk gives note only 24-48 hours before o we have been taking the safe side and started from cd8 everytime . 
  it 's ok when o is early but when it was cd 15 , it definitely was n't reasonable anymore . 
  atleast af comes exactly 14 days after o , whenever it happens to happen . 
  my chocolate stash , vitamins , xylitol pastils , medication , tampons and pads , some other personal hygienia products like dry shampoo and baby powder , bottle of 80 % absinth . 
  now that i think , i have plenty of usefull stuff here . 
  yeah , badly timed `` so how are you today , have n't heard from you for few days '' can really ruin a day sometimes . 
  my order would had been the same with honorary mention of sunwell . 
  it 's still hard be sure if i love those instances for their own sake or because during those instances we had the best communities in guilds where i were . 
  this sounds way too familiar . 
  i have one friend who posts everyday at what percentage of pregnancy she is . 
  ffs , no one wants or needs to know that you are 68,5 % done . 
  if there is really good sale , maybe then but otherwise i 'd save those moneys . 
  in worst case scenario , they are there for you when you are paying for ivf medicines . 
  in best case scenario , you are only delaying shopping for few weeks . 
  especially if they get alistair casted right . 
  it would be way too easy to lure women to see him and all those dirty tent scenes . 
  as far as i know , it 's those under a rock places where it is n't simple . 
  good for you !, 
  hope that this cycle will make it for you and if it does n't , atleast sex was good . 
  sounds annoying . 
  never used clear blue digital so ca n't really help . 
  congratulations for them . 
  this is getting exciting althought i 'm still rooting for paragon . 
  gather some extra draenic seeds to support your herb garden . 
  without herbalism you can barely keep work orders rolling since you usually only get seeds for 6-7 work orders . 
  i 'm getting moody just by staring my cycle number . 
  after this cycle is done , i can stop counting them and just write `` 1year + '' instead . 
  fml . 
  i tried alliance for the first time during wod and alliance garrison clearly is superior since they sell light parchment there . 
  is it just me being stupid and blind or is there really not a vendor in horde garrison who sells that stuff ? 
  annoying to visit og just to buy pieces of paper . 
  we have never had snowday in finland . 
  :( only few freezing days in north but those were below -30 c. 
  i should have o in friday or saturday and waiting for it . 
  somehow i 'm so sad today . 
  i do n't know it it 's that awful sounding cycle 12 which is way bigger number than i would ever believed i 'd see or the fact that my daughter has been going `` i 'm little baby , mom takes cares of me '' and is obsessing over babies of my sister and friends and here i am , unable to get her that babysister or brother . 
  go with empire and 5 months is n't really big belly yet . 
  atleast i did n't really even show before i was almost at half way of pregnancy . 
  lord of the rouge . 
  it would be story of a fellowship of singing courtisans who travel into a high mountain in france to destroy a ring while evil maharadja tries to stop them and use ring to marry one of them . 
  lets hope for the best solution and that those periods never come and instead you will start vacation with positive test . 
  definitely argh . 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` alfie allen doing some serious spoiling . '' ), 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` when he first said jon snow '' ), 
  listen carefully the beginning of his part . 
  mc was of course the low point but besides that , starting to see all those possible duedates go by . 
  if it would had been cycle 1 , we would had over month old now . 
  cycle 2 and valentines day duedate , i could have baby now , be in labour or pissed off that i 'm overdue . 
  but nope , here i am , waiting for o once again . 
  ouch . 
  i 'm dreading for 24th of june , that was my due date for the miscarried one and i do n't know what i 'll do if i 'm not pregnant by then . 
  now that you say it yeah , i was incorrect . 
  but damn i heared that same name again and again and wondered if rest of you are half deaf . 
  there is something turning me on in softly spoken german accent . 
  my native language is finnish . 
  but it would be so much cheaper to strangle them with scarf or shoe laces . 
  16 c still counts as summer . 
  pretty equal , hardcore it is still bit male dominant but atleast my class for media engineering had 25 % women and most chemistry and biochemistry classes seem to be women dominant nowadays . 
  because i woke up 5 hours ago and it 's mid day . 
  o day today !, 
  please let this be the cycle , i 'm starting to lose my mind with this ttc . 
  my dog started to hysterically protect me few days before bfp from everyone during my first pregnancy . 
  every time there was someone other than my so in house , he climbed to sit on my lap . 
  ouch , i 'm so sorry . 
  i got same kind of news today , friend told few weeks ago that they start nt/np and look who is pregnant from first cycle . 
  seriously this is not fair . 
  i honestly would n't wish it for even my worst enemy but ** infertility ** or atleast trying to coinceive much longer than you thought you would .
