  that 's why i married my so , we can sit in same room , doing our own things and i can feel like i 'm having alone time while not actually being alone . 
  we are n't really sure about griff and young griff . 
  there is two unnamed males cast whose ages could fit to griffs but they could also be freys , greyjoys , members of nightwatch or what ever . 
  at this point for me atleast it 's more like trying to keep hope up that they are still there like with lsh but we ca n't really tell . 
  as others already said , arianne is out and it seems quentyn is too . 
  pretty good but there is something wrong with cheeckbones . 
  5 days is n't long . 
  i had early mc last autumn and it took me few months to start feeling like myself again . 
  i still had and have bad days , but first few months i was just numb and sad . 
  please , let yourself be sad , angry , happy , what ever you feel . 
  if you have positive emotions , good for you , they are n't insult towards your baby . 
  just let yourself get through this with your own pace since there is n't the right way to feel after mc . 
  some of us can brush it off easier and for some it 's harder and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  and at this point , you really did n't do anything wrong . 
  it sounds so cruel but most likely there was just something wrong with the pregnancy and nature did what nature does . 
  awesome news !, 
  that kind of stuff always gives you a little peace of mind . 
  so exciting !, 
  i 'm just laughing here . 
  i 'm clearly starting to have stockholm syndrom with this bleeding . 
  today seems to be offday since there has been almost none bleeding and what do i do ? 
  cheer for not bleeding ? 
  nope . 
  i 'm starting to get worried that something must be wrong since i 'm not bleeding . 
  i just ca n't even ... 
  this truly is the weirdest parody of pregnancy i have ever seen so far . 
  good luck and awesome you are having little storm in your tummy . 
  good luck !, 
  ttcafterloss is really a mindfuck . 
  so many ultrasounds today , how can i go to sleep ? 
  thanks , hopefully at next ultrasound hematoma has gone away and i can finally go swimming again . 
  thats what i 'm missing most at the moment . 
  ooh , we have same edd !, 
  congratulations so much !, 
  that works especially if you are hoping for pregnancy . 
  oh dear , i hope it 's just the work out but it must be so scary for you . 
  try to stay calm . 
  i started to take mine with us when she was able to sit by herself . 
  we would keep temperature pretty mild so instead of normal 80c it was 60c , did n't throw water , she had water bottle with her and we did n't stay long . 
  after that she takes bath so bodytemperature stays fine . 
  as far as i know many families have some special habits with sauna , like when dad has sauna beer , kids get little sauna juices or something like that . 
  infants should n't be taken to sauna since they ca n't sweat properly . 
  also i 'd remind you to keep kids well hydrated so offer something to drink during or right after sauna . 
  well now i 'm pissed of . 
  since our visit at sunday to er , i have been waiting for that `` urgent appointment '' to gyn . 
  since nothing had happened until this morning , decided to call there and ask what is going on . 
  after some calling back and forth , finally someone had the time to check everything and what do i get ? 
  `` well since there is really nothing we can do , we wo n't bother to check you so just wait to 17.4 when you have your next ultrasound scheduled . 
  call again if it starts to hurt . '', 
  argh , i have already been having a bad week with all this bleeding . 
  mostly it 's mild bleeding and then suddenly it 's like someone decides that it 's time to pour a full cup of blood out from my uterus . 
  and since at that point when i can feel it i do n't really have more than mere seconds to reach toilet or bathe in blood , i 'm pretty afraid to go outside and away from home . 
  combine all this with my kid who seems to be starting terrible twos and is having temper tantrums . 
  congratulations and good luck . 
  first weeks and whole first trimester is so scary so just try to enjoy the ride . 
  me too , mostly so i could stop worrying . 
  finland, 
  most definitely . 
  for example this is from yyteri , west coast from finland . 
  thanks , for some reason i always write it wrong . 
  oh my god , twins !, 
  double congratulations then !, 
  it 's a huge life change but sounds so awesome !, 
  boring whining here once again . 
  i think this whole hematoma bleeding thing is taking the best of me . 
  i just whine and whine and whine since there is nothing else to do . 
  husband suggested that i would go to private clinic for ultrasound today just to check thing up but i decided no to . 
  it 's `` only '' week to my scheduled free ultrasound so it would be waste of money . 
  but even more , next tuesday will be first day i meet midwife and i just really want that pregnancy card and ca n't have it if there would be bad news in ultrasound . 
  to explain , in finland we have maternity card for pregnancy where all your measurements are , notes of blood pressure , sf-lenght , possible allergies , info about your alcohol , tobacco and drugs usage etc. 
  so basically everything necessary . 
  you are supposed to keep it with you at every visit and after viability it 's recommeded to keep with you all the time since it contains all the basic information hospital will need if you start to give birth during visiting some other area and you need to use different hospital than the one assigned to you . 
  after birth you get card for you child and there again is all the measurements and comments about your child like `` growing fast , long girl , very talkative , has started potty training '' , info about their vaccines , teeths and big milestones like first word or bit more funny one , at what age they have learned skiing or skating . 
  all in all , i really want that card since i did n't get one when i had mc since mc happened weeks before first appointment . 
  i something real that i can hold besides that one us picture where that spooky huge hematoma is staring back at me . 
  here is some more information about matriculation examination . 
  i think this is crucial point for you :, 
   the examination consists of at least four tests ; one of them , the test in the candidate \u00b4 s mother tongue , is compulsory for all candidates . 
  the candidate then chooses three other compulsory tests from among the following four tests : the test in the second national language , a foreign language test , the mathematics test , and one test in the general studies battery of tests ( sciences and humanities ) . 
  as part of his or her examination , the candidate may additionally include one or more optional tests . 
  so it mean that you do n't need to pick one subject of general studies at all , and if you do , there is plenty of options :, 
   the general studies battery includes tests in evangelical lutheran religion , orthodox religion , ethics , philosophy , psychology , history , social studies , physics , chemistry , biology , geography and health education . 
  furthermore , the tests incorporate questions which cross the boundaries of these disciplines . 
  depending on the test in question , the candidate answers six or eight test items . 
  you can pick more than one general study subject of course but since there is over 10 options , you actually have to be pretty interested or good at the subject you pick . 
  i 'm saying over 10 and not exact number since i think you ca n't do both evangelical lutheran religion test and orthodox religion test since atleast when i went to high school you only could pick one . 
  there is one subject , el\u00e4m\u00e4nkatsomustieto also which is grouped to same cluster with those religion studies but i 'm not sure if its ethics or social studies . 
  what the ... that 's actually most horrible thing i have seen for a while . 
  i 've been worried sick again . 
  i 'm not feeling so nauseous anymore , only bit for a moment and then it dissappears . 
  bleeding still pretty heavily so combination has been very troubling . 
  then i got idea , track my old account in one pregnancy forum and read all the symptoms . 
  thank god i 've been serial poster and updating almost daily how i felt . 
   `` i 'm not really feeling nauseous anymore , only very tired and at evening bit nauseous . 
  also somehow melancholic and sad all the time . 
  ikuisuus and manatee 9 +0 '' . 
  it sounds exactly how i 'm feeling now and 9 +0 . 
  also my wonderful super smart husband reminded me that uterus is growing like mad at the moment so of course there is more bleeding when that hematoma is streched all the time . 
  you have suck a cute dog !, 
  hugs to you too !,
