  clean tap water . 
  while it is completely normal thing for many people in first world countries , it is such a huge luxory to have . 
  clean drinkable water as much as you want , whenever you want , just at the right temperature . 
  actually i think christmas is better as adult . 
  panic a lot . 
  there will be biggest baby boom during history of mankind next summer . 
  i mean , whole humankind is having same estimated duedate as i have . 
  everyone better start studying how to be midwife . 
  so , i think i 'm officially going nuts . 
  i have had very liquid cervical mucus last few days and today i managed to convince myself that it must be amniotic fluids . 
  so now i am proud owner of ~ ~ 100 ~ ~ 98 ph tests which cost fortune and proved that i was wrong . 
  well , on happier side , it is just very watery cm and now i have enough test for whole second trimester even if i panic every freaking day . 
  also to be honest , there is n't that much stuff coming out , it just feels like it . 
  i have tested it enough times to make wiping hurt my private area and still i had to buy those ph tests to be sure . 
  so much good wishes for you < 3, 
  does she know there is western countries where it is totally normal that parents are n't sure about name even 2 months after birth ? 
  having one child already is same time a blessing and in twisted way a curse . 
  all that selfblame of `` why ca n't i just be happy with having one already '' and hiding your grief after loss when you need to keep brave face for kid . 
  everyone already know you wanted at least one kid and since two is the norm , it seems to be so much more socially acceptable to ask `` so when you will have second ? '', 
  than asking about wanting kids at all . 
  personally i found lot of support here . 
  even when i confessed that my first pregnancy was pretty much unicorn pregnancy , easy as breathing and got pregnant very quickly . 
  trying for second living has been whole different world . 
  it took 7 cycles to get bfp for our first loss , 6 cycles for second loss and 2 cycles for 3 pregnancy which is so far going okay . 
  so it has been over 2 year from us starting to try for second . 
  some friends who started at the same time have already celebrated 1y old birthdays for their babies . 
  after having both early and late term loss , comparing those is pointless . 
  both hurt . 
  it 's like comparing how is it like to die from drowning in boiling water vs being burned alive . 
  both are different but result is same . 
  i hope you can find this sub as safe place where to vent and find support . 
  there is still 2 woman born 1899 alive . 
  well , at least there was week ago when i last time checked , they could be dead by now . 
  honestly , this is more like sad news that all those other people did n't show up . 
   there are a lot of unexpected long term consequences too , like enhanced fear and anxiety in subsequent pregnancies . 
  this absolutely . 
  your pregnancies are never safe again and every little thing causes panic attacks . 
  at this point of last pregnancy , right at this moment my water broke . 
  hour from this moment and we lost uljas . 
  so many nice things have happened during last few days . 
  just 2 hours ago we saw this baby kicking strong enough that you could see it from my bumb . 
  but right at this moment , none of those seem to matter . 
  when i 'll woke up next morning , maybe 8 hours from now , i 'll be furthest pregnant i have been in almost three years . 
  at least i hope i will . 
  immediately when they heard i was burying my baby boy they cut all their profits off and only billed for fees that they had to pay themselves for coffin , urn , crematorium etc. 
  i think it is mostly awesome to see it move . 
  until it goes beyond creepy . 
  my friend got her baby 1 week after edd and we were hanging around at their place playing boardgames to make time go quicker . 
  suddenly in the middle of the game baby kicked a perfect 3d model of babyfoot in her bump , you could actually count toes from it . 
  that was creepy . 
  but there was 5 toes so it was good . 
  and yes , still pregnant and with some sort of miracle i managed to sleep well . 
  ouch . 
  my usual is something between 00-02 am and thankfully daughter decided to sleep until 08:30 so it was great success . 
  you are still having morning sickness ? 
  poor thing , that sucks so much . 
  i hope it would finally leave you alone . 
  i have had few encounters where someone has asked if i am afraid of getting it . 
  ffs , we are in europe , those mosquitos do n't live in this continent and it is winter . 
  if there is super mosquito who flies here and can survive below freezing temperatures then come and get me , i leave it for destiny at that point . 
  waiting for update , hope everything goes smoothly !, 
  cut , cut , cut , cut . 
  while she might not mean harm , she is definitely unhealhty person to have this close in your life . 
  i 'm so sorry for you loss and feeling of losing baby any minute is completely normal sadly . 
  you got extra 2 days skipped in first trimester ? 
  i hope everything goes fine !, 
  that actually sounds like very empowering experience . 
  suffering and surviving walk hand in hand in this sub , but i love that there is so much hope , joy and compassion also . 
  today has been better day . 
  i am still pregnant and trying to focus on good stuff that has been going on . 
  i have regained some energy and even better , courage to do some mild exercise , which means we have been visiting local cafes and restaurants this week with kiddo . 
  chocolate room is our favourite and so tempting but not the healthies choice with my gd backround . 
  well , better enjoy since i do n't have it yet . 
  kicks are getting stronger and they are visible . 
  it was kind of hilarious today , i told my mom that you can see kicks already and she reminded me that i am not allowed to kick back . 
  fast forward end of phone call and me trying . 
  actually , i can kick my own bump , it is pretty cool !, 
  i 'll have anatomy scan next monday and i 'm waiting for it so much . 
  i hope everything is fine and suprisingly , i also believe everything is fine . 
  i 'm looking forward to finally start arguing about names !, 
  on bad news , my best friends ( who was my moh at my weddings ) wedding are exactly week after my edd and three hours away . 
  best case scenario is that this baby will come out exactly 37 +0 , i could go with one month old for a quick visit since we have relatives close to wedding place where we could sleep over . 
  worst case scenario , i 'm overdue and pissed off that i stay at home waiting for a baby while they celebrate . 
  doctor told me not to yoga , hypermobility and yoga is recipe for disaster and broken joints . 
  hmph . 
  atleast i can shave legs and paint toe nails all the way through !, 
  neither do i. 
  with my daughter i had this 33-35 weeks energy burst and that 's about it . 
  yes yes yes !!!!, 
  your husband is a superman , such a great results with one testicle !, 
  you can tell that whole bunch of women ( and men ) in internet are admiring his semen and super competent ball !, 
  when my water broke at 19 weeks pregnant . 
  no , baby did n't survive . 
  nacho cheese balls . 
  ca n't stop eating . 
  you only need to push head out , rest will just come out on it 's own . 
  while it actually does n't change anything , idea of pushing only head compared to idea of pushing whole baby is much more soothing for me . 
  omg !, 
  it 's a boy !!!, 
  a big boy .
