  your idea of showing him pictures sounds well thought . 
  by the way , my daughter is same way , except she wants to be grandma . 
  maybe in 40-50 years . 
  on more positive note , they wo n't be having those angsty teenager arguments which can ruin sibling relations for years . 
  thank you for doing this . 
  i 'm going to use two different formats . 
  edd for first mc but birthday for uljas since for those pregnacies , those days are the most painful and important ones . 
  `` untamo '' edd june 24 , 2015 - be there , somewhere , mine . 
  uljas / `` schr\u00f6dinger '' june 21 , 2015 at 19 +0 - you 'll always be my favourite `` what if '' . 
  cd 12 or cd 6 , who cares anymore . 
  bleeding more and more , this sucks and i 'm so out of mental strenght at the moment . 
  of course this is also day when husband has some visitors in work so he will have ~ 3 hours longer day and what did i see last night ? 
  well of couse repeating nightmares of uljas 's funerals . 
  since this bleeding is n't too clotty or painful , no way i 'm getting earlier time for doctor since that 's also earliest day that results of bloodwork are ready so i 'd need two appointments . 
  just feeling so devastated with everything and already mentally preparing for next mc even though i 'm not even close to pregnant yet . 
  trigger warning living kid . 
  so i 'm whole day lone with kid , grumpy and sad as hell and exhausted . 
  also feeling like worst mother ever since she has been watching cartoons half day because i just ca n't come up with anything more meaningful than staring at the wall . 
  well body is still messed up from mc so bleeding is never ending . 
  i 'm voting for cd 6 since from that i have had constant bleeding . 
  i first thought periods started weirdly heavy/light style but then it started to be constant so i started counting from cd 1 again . 
  i have n't bothered with opks with this heavy bleeding and no way going to get pregnant when half of the uterus is trying to escape . 
  my dreams have been okay mostly but now i think i have eaten too long sleeping pills and they do n't keep dreams away anymore . 
  it really sucks . 
  thanks , few more hours and it 's over . 
  we did all those yesterday actually and i have one of those colouring books for adults . 
  she just keeps `` borrowing '' it . 
  first of all , tomorrow ( 28.8 ) is night of shopping in old town where shops and most other places are open until 22 so you could have fun checking those around . 
  porvoo has plenty of nice restaurants so you could tour them . 
  for swedish speaker this is awesome city to be , you really wo n't need finnish . 
  if you have n't checked [ borg\u00e5 ] ( http://www.porvoo.fi/se ) site yet , there is some activities . 
  borg\u00e5 medborgarinstitut has just opened courses for this season so there might be some room in there . 
  city is slowly getting quieter now since summer season is pretty much over and get 's more lively at december for christmas and then pretty much shuts down until next summer for bigger activities besides normal everyday life for residents . 
  we have lovely sights in here so walking beside river and around city is nice activity for someone who appreciates some alone time, 
  i have no idea how you get friends here , i have n't gotten single on during last 8 months that i have lived here . 
  have n't been here much lately . 
  just feeling so down and out of place where i really belong . 
  we have been trying for 18 months and it 's hell of a long time but still i wo n't belong to infertility groups since all my pregnancies have started in ~ half year or less . 
  first mc was from cycle 7 but i was breastfeeding for first 3 so those do n't really count . 
  ttc # 2 groups have way too many people who get on my nerves with their positive attitude and anxious `` i have been trying 3 months , i must have a serious problem '' issues and ca n't stand them coming and going with fast positives . 
  even in mc groups , there is so many people who do n't have child and it makes me feel different and stranger there . 
  also it 's hard to compare loss at first trimester and loss at second when everything is physically so complicated already . 
  somehow i have n't been able to find ttc # 2 after late term loss - group , wonder why ... 
  day after tomorrow is finally doctor and getting last results . 
  i do n't know what i am expecting . 
  if something is wrong in me , it 's miserable but at same time , they may be able to fix it . 
  if something is n't wrong , how on earth i 'm going to fix things all alone . 
  feeling worse and worse daily and it 's affecting my whole family . 
  i just hate my life at the moment and our ttc journey is so damn broken . 
  i still have no clear idea of what part of cycle i am at , cd 12-18 today so trying to count for o is bit hard . 
  atleast we did the deed yesterday so if we are on the side of small numbers , it could still hit o and there could be chance . 
  or not . 
  had n't thought about that , thanks . 
  comparing your situation sucks but you ca n't really avoid that small voice . 
  i agree , it 's sometimes hard to find right words when trying to tell how you feel or what happened to you but same time trying to avoid stuff that might upset people . 
  i know i 'm n ot exactly only one but just feels very lonely at this side of globe . 
  i think biggest reason is that there is not enough answers and explanations . 
  seeking for support is harder when most of the google results are for first trimester mc 's or late term where there was something wrong with baby . 
  it 's like trying to find that old song which you do n't remember any words anymore and just odd tune here and there . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  it 's just hard to focus on those when you feel like lonely unique snowflake in your head . 
  second loss / late term loss has been definitely harder and big issue for me is physical recovery . 
  with my first loss , it was pretty much done in week and then next periods were few days late , that 's about it . 
  now there has been 2 1/2 months and still clear physical issues which remind every passing hour that i 'm not pregnant anymore . 
  then that causes issues with trying again and there is no clear timeline to see . 
  i think it would be easier for me if there would be just black on white `` you can start ttc at the beginning of november '' than the situation that is now . 
  thank you for your words . 
  i really want to address this : no one here has made me feel that i shoud n't be here . 
  it 's just in my head and having some rough time so all sad thoughts are coming . 
  just feeling so damned lonely with this and spending all days with kid at home waiting for husband to come and trying to put brave face for kiddo . 
  lately it has been too much to handle . 
  exactly , and close to zero information of how your body recovers from it . 
  when you google for loss at late term , it 's all those terminations done because of serious issues in chromosomes or things like that and they are n't delivered naturally but with atleast some induction . 
  i could really use those hugs now , thank you . 
  yeah , i already saw statistics that there is only 2 % risk that new pregnancy would be loss . 
  well guess who is in that 2 % . 
  i do n't even want to know percentages for 3 in row without medical issues . 
  it 's hard concept to grasp that statistics wo n't keep you safe . 
  i think that 's exactly what i 'm looking for , future me to show that i can get over this . 
  thank you for finding the words . 
  i guess some of isolation comes from inside of ourselves and grief makes us feel lonely . 
  hugs . 
  do you want to describe what you screamed at her ? 
  i mean , is there other way to handle it besides sobbing ? 
  maybe adding laxatives to her coffee ? 
  if you just congratulated her and went away , you are much bigger person than i am . 
  final results of uljas ' loss are here . 
  everything is normal and we just have freaking bad luck . 
  so , got appointment finally today . 
  results were all normal and doctor kindly told that most of the tests they have run would be same test which they do if you have 3 mcs on the row , so we are mostly clear for those . 
  in ultrasound there was nothing uncommon in uterus and since bleeding mostly stopped yesterday , just very mild brownish cervical mucus , it should be staying away . 
  if it still continues for more than month , theyll prescribe progesterone to reboot system . 
  also us revealed that there has been no o yet but also no signs of o coming anytime soon . 
  it can either mean that this just is long cycle and o is coming late , or not coming at all . 
  i got referral for therapist and maybe that will help me to feel better . 
  most positive thing was that now there is note in my files that if/when i get pregnant again , there will be early us in hospital which is nice , we do n't have those offered in public healthcare unless there is medical issues or losses in history . 
  otherwise we would need to go to private practic . 
  does anyone of you have idea of how soon after us o can be if there has been no signs of it ? 
  honestly , bit frustrated . 
  i had silly hope that there would be something wrong that i could blame and then take this one magical pill and everything is fine .
