  when we were waiting for ultrasound few weeks ago and i was convinced it was miscarry again , i told my husband that it 's okay , with this rate we only need to conceive ~ 19 more times to reach viability if every pregnancy goes week longer than one before . 
  i sincerely hope that your follow-up ultrasound will give you so much joy , happiness and relief that you will be floating 10 cm from the ground just because you are so happy . 
  good luck !, 
  tired is very much symptom , so is gassy . 
  hang in there !, 
  for me being nauseous has always started few weeks after positive test . 
  damn , i was reading this thread and your updates and searched for the one where he would have already called . 
  if it would be serious i think he would n't had delayed call . 
  my thoughts are with you . 
  ooh !, 
  good luck and be as excited as is possible for human being !, 
  congratulations and good luck !, 
  awesome news from scan !, 
  and they really have that attitude . 
  i have ultrasound pic from my daughter which looks like she is giving us a finger . 
  seriously ? 
  i have been refreshing this page half day waiting for your post and i ca n't be half as anxious to hear them as you are . 
  good luck for tomorrow , i wish for good news !, 
  eat fancy foods , crochet and start to produce mobile applications for toddlers . 
  live just bit outside of the city so i could have peaceful enviroment , big house , few dogs and chickens . 
  for some reason i have been lately thinking that when we move to our next home in few years , i want pet chickens . 
  good thing you have nt scan so soon . 
  it could be so many totally safe normal things , fingers crossed for you !, 
  i 'm having suprisingly good day . 
  have been bleeding kinda heavily today and yesterday but now when i know why it happens it does n't bother me so much when it 's all painless and just blood , not any tissue or even close to tissue . 
  our daughter is having birthday party saturday and i have been cooking like crazy today and even more cooking coming tomorrow . 
  i love these easter holidays , 4 days weekend and husband took two extra days so he is home 6 days straight . 
  it has been so nice having him here . 
  friday and monday are public holidays here so it 's pretty nice . 
  awesome !!, 
  personally i think that 's biggest milestone besides birth . 
  :( i 'm so so so sorry . 
  awesome !!, 
  that 's wonderful !, 
  what kind of peaches/jalopenos you have there if they are same size ? 
  o.o and congratulations for your weeks !, 
  proof that i 'm still bitter bitch . 
  one girl who hangs out in same circles as i announced pregnancy . 
  6 +1 and she announces it even before having any ultrasound or anything . 
  here am i , merrily ( read bloodily ) pregnant and pissed of that someone can announce so carelessly to everyone . 
  so do i. 
  it 's so unfair that it feels so scary to tell to anyone and you have to calculate that if they are person you also want to announce your next mc . 
  ouch . 
  i 'm starting to be okay with pregnant ladies who are already showing but those who do n't show and are all glitter and happiness telling about pregnancy are ones who make me jealous . 
  i 'm so jealous about thanksgiving , it seems to be awesome feast . 
  christmas . 
  i love all the foods , whole christmas time with songs , making and buying presents , getting presents and whole christmas spirit thing . 
  december is pretty much my favourite month . 
  on second place propably indepence day . 
  since i was a little girl , i have always watched the gala with my family , giving points to dresses etc. 
  finland and nope , no thanksgiving here . 
  christmas :d we have one friend living in states and when this whole ttc and small babies thing is over , i 'm thinking of flying overseas for thanksgiving . 
  spelling errors incomming since cba to spellcheck but massachusset i think . 
  tmi and very gross , lot 's of blood so maybe triggering :, 
  seriously , this bleeding is starting to get on my nerves . 
  after ultrasound it has been two days on , one skip day with only light spotting and repeat . 
  just moment ago was the high moment of bleeding . 
  it had been very mild spotting up till that point and then i felt blood is starting to bleed again more heavily . 
  went to toilet since i have noticed the pattern that when it starts it 's usually very heavy for first few minutes . 
  but now , it was anywhere close to heavy bleeding , more like ejaculating and squirting blood . 
  it 's still purely blood , no pain and no clotting or tissue but little douvt still comes to my mind that can this really be normal even with that hematoma . 
  well , less than two weeks to next ultrasound and 10 days to midwife/ob gyn ( not sure which one is correct translation ) . 
  i 'm really interested to see my hbg , ca n't be really high after all this bleeding . 
  btw , 8 +0 !, 
  edit . 
  6 hours later , still everytime i visit toilet there is pool of blood waiting to burst out . 
  so i called er and they want to check me just in case . 
  god i love this areas healtcare , they seem to be very pro-active here . 
  so going there as soon as husband drops toddler to mil and fil . 
  gon na update here how things are going when we come back but since it 's not broken leg or anything it could take a while to wait there . 
  edit .2 back from er . 
  everything seems to be fine , according to hbg and other tests i 'm not bleeding to death . 
  got appointment for gyn next weeks to check up more closely what 's happening though . 
  it was one of those handsome young male doctors who clearly seemed to be bit nervous concerning pregnancy related things so i think he was bit over cautious with all that bloodwork but better that way than leaving er thinking that i was n't taken seriously . 
  i actually understand your wife . 
  i 'm at home with our kid and husband is working . 
  our house ins ' t really toddler friendly so it 's hard to get anything done when kid is up and i 'm alone with her . 
  so when husband comes , it 's time to cook , do laundry , clean etc and when finally kid goes to sleep there is only few hours before we need to go to sleep too . 
  it 's me who would love to raid but just ca n't . 
  i 'm too tired , i do n't have enough time and tbh , i want to raid in way too high level compared to time commitment i can give . 
  i used to raid from vanilla to half way of mop in top 100 guilds so while it was n't hc , it was still 4-5 night a week during progress . 
  from this point of view your options are trying to negotiate with your wife for night or two and get rid of your shared bed time those nights . 
  but chesterfield sofas will love it . 
  28 and i liked it . 
  i got some of the references but some were way out of my league . 
  it was still enjoyable reading . 
  i do n't know , this is starting to feel more like dark sitcom or parody like scary movie . 
  we agreed with husband that if there is n't skip day for bleeding tomorrow we are visiting doctor just to check if everything is alrigh . 
  i still feel very pregnant and as i said , it 's still just blood but damn that thing is n't exactly my favourite pregnancy symptom . 
  can i have hypermesis or something else please ? 
  in more positive side , i had to upgrade to bigger bras , my pre-pregnancy ones are too small !, 
  i hope it 's just gas . 
  atleast i seem to be generating lot 's of extra gas when i 'm pregnant and farting and burping like no tomorrow . 
  it 's pretty embrassing . 
  while it 's not enjoyable feeling , i 'm happy that you are tired and peeing all the time , they are clear symptoms after all . 
  it really sucks to be `` person who bleeds in pregnancy '' . 
  stay strong !, 
  ooh , that proves that i 'm a ninja !, 
  they are mine , all mine and mine only . 
  they are the one who wakes up during night , grabs their teddy bear , climb to my bed to sleep next to me and tell that they need their mom and fall asleep with smile on their face .
