  i had one . 
  at 5 +4 i started to bleed badly . 
  went to ultrasound and there was the sch . 
  it was much bigger than baby . 
  bleeding never stopped , sch grew bigger but so did baby . 
  at 15 weeks baby finally got bigger than sch and sch started to vanish but i was still bleeding daily . 
  last parts of sch started to bleed out at 18 weeks , they were like pieces of liver and that caused cervix to open a bit and bacteria got into uterus and placenta . 
  placenta got infected , started contractions and water broke . 
  19 +0 my son was born . 
  note that my sch was huge , way bigger than average and at biggest it was size of orange and it kept growing until 15 weeks . 
  there was vein bleeding under placenta and placenta and uterus growing kept the bleeding going on . 
  i was monited in ultrasound every second week and was immediately placed in high risk category and every medical professional kept telling me that there is ~ 50 % chance for thing to end badly . 
  i do n't have measurements of all ultrasounds written anywhere but at 5 +4 there was only sac visible and sch was atleast 3 times bigger than sac . 
  sch grew pretty much same pace with baby . 
  first two times my doctor did n't explain it well either but then i finally got one who was bit more specialized with that kind of stuff . 
  things that you can try to help yourself out with positive results are bed rest or at least pelvic rest as much as possible and take care of your hydration . 
  magnesium and kalium may help . 
  also , stay on rest until you are officially cleared out or bleeding has been completely off at least two weeks . 
  my 3 year old did same last night , first time since january . 
  i woke up 3 times to check if there is something wrong with her . 
  i 'm 29 . 
  i love books , games and everything , except work out . 
  i hate work out and only reason i have done even bare minimun was my dog . 
  then i found zr and suddenly i love to go walks and jogs . 
  also dog loves it . 
  [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/zombiesrungame/status/593053609547452416 ) comic sums it up . 
  currently i am taking a break since even walking at last trimester of pregnancy is n't really walking , it is painful waddling . 
  i 'm so much waiting that baby comes out and then i can catch up the game again . 
  does n't rickon finally meeting his brother-in-law count ? 
  did n't you know , one sip of coffee is like murdering your baby but gestational diabetes is just walk in the park . 
  not wanting to shame anyone , i have had gd myself and sadly know that you can have most excellent diet and still get gd and you can drink and eat all soda and candies in world and still avoid it . 
  head to hospital . 
  while i could n't be save , i 'm suppose to give birth to our son next month so they better get him out and into nicu so i can at least see him before dying and he gets chance to live . 
  we have favourite but it is n't set in stone until baby is here . 
  according to blog babies were born at 29 , each and every over 1kg so quite big for their weeks . 
  they are all home already . 
  i have always wanted 4 kids . 
  after first kid i was still adamant about this but losing next two pregnancies we are just running out of time . 
  for our first child and current pregnancy if this goes well , age gap will be 3,5 years and all that time we were ntnp , actively trying or pregnant . 
  so unless we will have multiples or irish twins after this pregnancy , i think 3 is maximum we can have . 
  i 'm not even sure if i want to try for third one since trying for second has caused so much heartache and pain that i do n't know if we want to make our family go through it again . 
  my husband is the only man i have never felt like i should kick out of the house to have me time . 
  i can be alone with him even if he is in same room . 
  with this i mean positively alone , recharging my batteries , doing my stuff and having peace of mind , not lonely kind of alone . 
  we were both 19 when we started to date , 21 when we moved together and now we are both turning 30 with second kid on his way . 
  why no one counts rickon and his lovely brother-in-law who met in episode 3 ? 
  i hate that too . 
  my first pregnancy went well , second was early mc and third was late term loss . 
  telling that this is my fourth pregnancy and i have one living child is hard . 
  even worse was when one clueless lady who knew i had one living child asked how this pregnancy had been different compared to previous . 
  i managed to keep my mouth shut and not answer `` well first of all this one is still alive so thats pretty big difference '' . 
  do n't panic , you have lot of time left . 
  34 weeks and just started to sort out baby clothes i have been given !, 
  i 'm so sorry for your losses . 
  i have had two and they just tear your heart into pieces like no other thing . 
  / r/ttcafterloss helped me tons to cope with losses and pregnancies after them . 
  cry your heart out , you did n't just lose pregnancy , you lost whole future with the babies who were supposed to be result of those pregnancies . 
  especially after losing our son ( late term loss ) i was so devastated when everything was taken away from us once again . 
  i had to use anti depressants and sleeping pills for few months . 
  you are not alone with this . 
  there are people who have been through the same and survived . 
  same situation , # 1 is 3 and # 2 is coming out in a month . 
  naps are best thing ever to get yourself reloaded and since oldest does n't nap anymore we just discuss things out . 
  like 5 minutes ago , `` honey , mom is bit tired and frustarated and needs time out , could you go and build as tall lego tower and you can while i calm myself down . '', 
  kids are quite fast to grasp that also adults need time outs too when they are cranky !, 
  ask about my pregnancies assuming that 1 pregnancy = 1 baby . 
  i was pregnant with two friends , we each had edd in 2 week window . 
  at 19w we lost our son while friends pregnancies went on as usual . 
  friend a gave me total radio silence , i heard nothing of her unless i specially asked or saw on facebook and it sucked . 
  i felt like with my own grief i was just bothering her happy pregnancy and felt like i also lost friend . 
  friend b continued to talk to me , told me in the beginning that she wo n't bring up her pregnancy unless i ask . 
  we often talked about our loss and when i felt like it i asked how she was doing . 
  i liked approach of friend b much more . 
  talking to her was great and with boundaries set , she did n't need to tiptoe with her pregnancy . 
  my ob-gyn said that i need to eat if i 'm hungry , just make the right choices . 
  so if i am hungry after normal meal , i eat some extra salad , not chocolate bar . 
  i was in too much shock to be able to cry . 
  my mouth was stuck open for half hour after episode ended with disbelief of what just happened . 
  it was horrible , i had no idea about memorial day being a thing and was so dissapointed when there was n't episode and no one had warned me about it . 
  my mom has had 3 totally different birth stories . 
  me born 37 +1 after long painful labour as medium sized baby as possible . 
  my lil sister 42 +3 , over 4kg and according to mom , easiest of us . 
  my brother , c-section at 40 +0 after two days of labour nd closer to 5kg . 
  do n't worry . 
  i was in same situation with my first child . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  3 hours before my water broke , i have complained in a babygroup that this baby is never coming out since there is zero signs of labour . 
  while it would have been nice to have some kind of reassurance earlier that things are starting to happen , try to enjoy that you are n't spending two weeks before birth with counting contractions every night when they just fade away after few hours . 
  30th of june . 
  same here . 
  i really wish this baby is bit early . 
  favourite part is that i do n't actually have much pregnancy related issues and i am far enough that everyone is giving me slack and just telling me to relax . 
  worst part trying to turn in bed . 
  i need to wake up every time i move position . 
  does n't she know half of the dinosaurs were female ? 
  we are moving soon and my 3 year old girl actually wants dinosaur theme for her room ( and whole house ) . 
  why not ? 
  you said you are in finland so your kid will anyway be sleeping when sun finally sets , especially when assuming you are in northern parts because of reindeer furs . 
  if they can sleep during morning to catch up i do n't see problem as long as you remember to start readjusting them back to non-holiday schedule early enough . 
  han solo at any age .
