  me `` i do n't even know at what time zone i 'm at the moment '', 
  kid `` i do n't even know what drugs you are using mom '', 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  two or more losses in row messes your head so badly that i still do n't think i can ever trust pregnancy again . 
  as mother of april fools day kid , that is good idea . 
  it took very much convincing for my mil that my water had broken three hours earlier and she should come an pick up our dog before we would head to hospital . 
  who does april fool jokes on 06 am ??? 
  also our birth announcement later that day was met with lot of sceptism and doubt . 
  great to hear !, 
  i guess i 'm just anxious . 
  baby has been moving whole day but when i sat down , noticed his little bottom right in my left side and pushed it few times and he did nothing , i immediately panicked . 
  fastforward 5 minutes and here he is moving again like no worry in world but here i was already sure that something had happened . 
  this pregnancy ca n't be over soon enough . 
  dear baby , you have been warned , 10 weeks and come out immediately after that or mommy is very dissapointed !, 
  27 +5 here . 
  first , congratulations . 
  i have had us at 5 +4 and there was only sac visible at that point , no heartbeat yet but it was there few weeks later . 
  for your second question . 
  i would not tell . 
  as you said , things can go wrong and if they do and you wo n't get hired because you told you are pregnant it can make things even worse . 
  you can always lie that you did n't even know at the time of offer since it is so early . 
  many women do n't know before they are at 5 or 6 weeks pregnant . 
  doppler , i ca n't recommend brands but earliest i have heard that someone has succesfully found heartbeat is at 8th week but those have always been very thin women , do n't know if that matters . 
  lovely picture and you are so pretty !, 
  got to say , coming from very homogenic country , it always surprises me to see peoples real pictures and notice that they are n't caucasian , blond , blue eyed 5 ' 7-5 ' 9 ladies . 
  nazis would be proud of me ... 
  ouch , poor thing . 
  having toddler definitely turns pregnancy into hardmode . 
  i was almost throwing my phone away when app said `` if you feel tired , take naps '' . 
  yeah right , i 'll take refreshing naps while i have 3y old halfdemon destroying whole building . 
  she is actually very lovely but no way leaving her unsupervised . 
  i hope you recover fast and more energetic part of pregnancy starts soon . 
  i hope this one sticks . 
  i did my positive test on edd of uljas and now my edd is week after edd of my first mc and 9 days after day we lost uljas so there is quite big risk that those dates will meet again . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  as a mother of small angel boy , i ca n't give you advice but personally i felt that i had only one chance to see my son and i absolutely wanted to have pictures of him and hold him . 
  it is your personal choice what you do , but i 'd suggest that if you do n't want to see him and hold him immediately , ask someone to take pictures and put them somewhere safe so you do n't have to regret later . 
  my son was only 19w and already he was perfect little baby , just small . 
  it will be your son in your arms , not some stranger or alien . 
  he wo n't look scary . 
  do n't be afraid of him . 
  lot 's of love for your family during next days . 
  hugs , symptoms come and go . 
  to be honest , most of us would be very happy to have tolerable nausea until doppler starts catching baby , it would make things easier . 
  i 'm quite further than you but for me , being gassy and horrible nightmares were the only significant symptoms during first weeks . 
  i 'm going to spa tomorrow !, 
  propably wo n't see pool before sunday but who cares about details . 
  me and kiddo spending some quality time while husband is on bachelors party . 
  baby is a real troll . 
  during day time there is only few temper tantrums and mostly he sleeps . 
  then i go to bed and party starts . 
  it just always makes me worried during day time . 
  sure , if you are willing to co-sleep in kingsize bed !, 
  well , i knew he would turn this one down even before suggesting it but i still had to say it . 
  adolf . 
  it has run in my family for years and my father was first one in generations to not have that name , mainly due being born after ww2 . 
  even bigger issue was that our surname starts with h. think about all those lists where people are listen as john a , john b. 
  our son would have been adolf h. i think i can live with that name skipping one more generation , or maybe will have more sons and use it as middle name . 
  great idea , sent you message in fb !, 
  not compulsory and may change from hospital to hospital . 
  tragedy of summerhall and what led to it . 
  mostly because i want to know what happened . 
  started ttc # 2 early 2014 . 
  first pregnancy was compeletely normal , positive from second cycle and healthy daughter 40 +0 . 
  second pregnancy from cycle 7 , mc at the beginning . 
  third pregnancy from cycle 13 , baby boy born 19 +0 after high risk pregnancy . 
  currently pregnant with edd at the end of june . 
  in future i 'd love to have 3 or 4 kids but time is running out and husband is starting to shy away from 4 and even questioning 3 . 
  sounds completely normal . 
  immediately when i got my latest positive , i pretty much quit all exercise or at least tuned everything down . 
  i think everyone here has described similar feelings in alumni thread . 
  all you can do is keep living and breathing . 
  at this point you can do nothing to make this pregnancy work if there is something going wrong , but on positive side , besides heroine and other obvious no-nos , you ca n't cause yourself to mc , even with all the worrying . 
  i hate that stuff and it goes worse and worse when they get older . 
  my daughter turned 3 and asked for dinosaurs and dragons as birthday present . 
  sure she got those , but for example one aunt deemed those as ungirly and bought stuffed bunny instead . 
  guess what , that bunny has n't been touched since package was opened but dinosaurs sleep in her bed . 
  i went in labor in my edd , i had hoped to be bit early but was n't too hopeful . 
  3 hours before my water broke i had posted in facebook `` this baby is never coming out '' since i had had zero labour symptoms . 
  no contractions , not even proper mucus plug . 
  i 'm so jealous . 
  our spring weather turned into snowing today . 
  sounds like max has his personal issues with having dog name and projecting those to your list . 
  here on babybumps i feel like i need to hold back . 
  i can talk about my first pregnancy which ended well . 
  i can mention second pregnancy which ended with early mc . 
  almost everything i could tell about my third pregnancy which ended at 19 weeks is something that i know this sub does n't want to hear . 
  fourth pregnancy is going fine so this is something i can talk about at least . 
  thank you for this . 
  i have to say , for every woman here comparing themselves with others , every loss is a loss . 
  i only know about early and late term losses , no idea how stillbirth or babyloss feels but anyway , both of my losses were horrible in their own unique way . 
  neither one was easy , i still do n't feel like i was lucky to have first loss so early compared to second loss . 
  so please , if you feel like you should n't be grieving so much since others have been through worse , forget it . 
  your baby deserved every bit of the love you gave them and it is the love that causes so much grief , so do n't be ashamed of grieving , it is one of the ways you can show your love after loss . 
  i can only come up with one important character that has still chapters in books that have n't been in show but most lilkely will be . 
  just saying characters name in spoiler tags : [ adwd ] ( #b `` sam '' ), 
  had huge meal at mcdonalds . 
  after that , went to sleep and boom , after 3 hours of sleep water broke . 
  my husband laughs that my body clearly noticed that there was enough calories to handle labour . 
  tw , bad ending .
