  as anaslaysya said , this is much simpler than it looks like and the pattern is done so well that you could propably do it with zero experience . 
  uhm , novita : 7 veljest\u00e4 was the yarn . 
  4mm hook and i think 150m white , less than 50m yellow , maybe 200m purple and 75m green . 
  i 'm very bad at counting yards , sorry :(, 
  i liked that tactic atleast , yellow part went like woosh , purple was fine since it 's pretty intense to do and it gives the form for motif so you really felt like doing something . 
  sincerely , the green part sucked , it was mostly the reason why this took 4 months since it was so dull , you see no progress but it involves lots of counting . 
  then you get to the white part and it 's all happy happy joy joy again . 
  i was just showing it off to my husband `` oh god look at that ass , my hippo has ass !, 
  look look look , it has legs and dat ass ! '', 
  not as much as i feared . 
  i started to compare prices and finally bought two couch pillows from ikea and used their stuffing for hippo , it was much cheaper than any plain stuffing i found from specialized stores . 
  i guess so , [ here ] ( http://heidibearscreative.blogspot.fi/2010/05/african-flower-hexagon-crochet-tutorial.html ) is the free tutorial for african flower hexagon motif . 
  finland , so never heard of freecycle . 
  i think yoy may be right but because of that i feel like i need to puke :(, 
  for book readers i do n't need to say anything else to make my point i guess . 
  on second thoughts , also myrcella storyline !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  the gift is awesome and i really appreciated that my santa gave me notice that delivery might take some time . 
  i agree . 
  and to be honest , i could n't stay in my pants while waiting for season x first episode to reveal what happened with the adwd clifthangers . 
  i just gottta know !, 
  i disagree with you totally , but it 's awesome that you brought that opinion in light too . 
  why do you think you lost interest in the show because of books ? 
  is it because you already know what is going to happen or some other reason ? 
  nope . 
  i would be happiest stay at home mom ever . 
  i 'd rather take care of my kids , help them to success in life and be there for them . 
  i have zero professional ambitition but seems like i need to get a some kind of career . 
  best luck to you !, 
  it 's hard at any age , i 'm finishing my degree of engineering and at age of 27 while being married , having husband who takes more than his fair share of taking care of our baby it 's still hard . 
  i bet you are a great mom !, 
  if you do n't talk to them they will pretend you do n't exist . 
  if you start conversation they will propably talk to you politely but later on they would gossip about this freak in bus . 
  please , do n't interrupt short answers with being unpolite , cause they are not . 
  that 's just what most of us are considering normal . 
  source , finn . 
  hobbies , school , work , through friends etc. 
  it 's not really that hard . 
  this . 
  if i ask you how are you doing i expect real answers , including your headaches , broken cars , new jobs and everything else which is important to you at the moment . 
  we are not cold , we just are comfortable with occasional silence . 
  bars , clubs . 
  i 'm trying to think of something that you do n't need to speak finnish . 
  all my friends i have met during school / army / wow guilds ( yeah seriously , my former guildmate is now godfather of my daughter ) / hobbies . 
  you could maybe try to hook up with someone in / r/suomi and meet fellow finnish redditors ? 
  oh dear , for once there is awesome timing for olympics . 
  almost everything is aired between 09:00 -21:00 . 
  no more waking up in the middle of the night for finals . 
  we are bragging how drunk we were and wear our blackouts like badges of honour . 
  your weekend was n't cool if you can remember it . 
  purely statistics , we drink 9,6 l of pure 100 % alcohol every year . 
  think about that , the 9,6 l is amount for whole population , including kids and those who do n't drink so real average divided for only those who drink is much higher . 
  finland . 
  all the candies and other guilty pleasure foods are packed in a way that makes it very hard to open them quietly so i 'm having hard time to eat my delicacy stash alone . 
  be prepared that there wo n't be dark during night time unless it 's rainy . 
  it may cause some problems with sleeping unless you are used to it . 
  same , i hate how my front tooth is all wrong , i even had braces but it slowly went back to original position . 
  i did and then they told me i do n't need to do it anymore . 
  they messed up few other things too so i would n't be suprised if they were wrong with retainer . 
  this was my first thought too , way too much burden between them . 
  same here . 
  people whine that i have ruined our dog since he does n't respond to whistling because for some reason i have n't trained that to him . 
  absolutely beautiful !, 
  first of all i have way too many issues with facebooks privacy setting to share her pictures . 
  secondly , i want to protect her privacy . 
  i have pictures of her in my own server where those who want and are allowed can see them . 
  third , i want to be able to control her privacy as long as she ca n't do it by herself and i have way too many friends who have nothing to do with my daughter and i see no reason to share her with people i did n't share my pregnancy with . 
  it 's pretty funny that before barkovs accident in the game against norway , sel\u00e4nne was double the age with other two forwards in his chain . 
  ( grandlund 21 years old and barkov 19 ), 
  you mean us-latvia ? 
  as long as it is n't between us , we often cheer each others . 
  take it like sibling rivalry . 
  silly map , that 's nordics . 
  spoiler tag that !!!!, 
  or maybe not , ca n't wait for the next season though . 
  i think with stannis it goes other way around . 
  i would n't like to be his bff but from our current choices to throne , i think stannis is best suited . 
  almost definately not . 
  it seems that battle of the wall is in episode 9 and lot happens between battle and stabbing . 
  death of shae . 
  but nokia is/was finnish . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  tyrion will more than likely escape from kl during 4.10 . 
  since he is fan favourite , i believe they wa n't to give him screentime in almost every episode . 
  depending how they carry on his storyline , he will propably be in point of meeting griff/young griff in the middle of season 5 . 
  revealing their hidden identity would be nice cliffhanger for 5.10 . 
  i 'm just having issues with how they will handle all the new people . 
  it seems like they are delaying iron island storyline to season 5 mostly , but they also need more dorne episodes soon for myrcella . 
  season 5 will be chaos !, 
  i would skip sleep and tomorrows exam . 
  while my husband and daughter are sleeping i would write letters to them , take pictures and videos and tell them i love them . 
  i 'd try to upgrade my insurance so they would get more money when i die , then they could afford to buy house with only small mortgage . 
  when they wake up , i would spend whole day with them . 
  i had that for months , it was just baby making room for herself . 
  best wishes to you < 3, 
  nice idea , i wish i would have time for this . 
  i was pregnant , just survived the first semester . 
  i wake up during my birthday morning , all happy and everything and then i go to toilet . 
  there is blood coming . 
  for the whole day there was blood coming , not much but enough to make me worried sick .
