  i 'm not sure if we should try at this cycle at all . 
  i 'm not even certain about cycle day but it might be 18 . 
  so o may have been already or maybe not and if we do try , i have no idea when i should have af so i have no idea when i should start waiting for them or doubting that i could be pregnant . 
  but then again , there is slight chance to get pregnant and if i do n't use it , it is wasted . 
  that is truly great way to deal with your loss . 
  it helps you both mentally and physically . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i wish i could say something smart but in these moments , there just is n't right words . 
  oh honey , i hope rest of the weekend is better . 
  i had huge clots with my first periods after mc , almost size of grape ( the one that you make wine from , i 'm always bit confused with grape and grapefruit ) . 
  some of them were like clots from hematoma , those were kinda like pieces of raw liver but doctor told that it 's just blood that has been there longer and uterus and another ladyparts have squished all liquid out from it . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  somewhere i saw quote :, 
   decision to have child is decision to let your heart walk outside of your body for rest of your life . 
  what if will always be there anyway . 
  what if you do n't try for new pregnancy and regret it ? 
  what if you 'll have a child but in some day in future they die before you ? 
  what if you 'll have bunch of wonderful kids and you all live happily ever after ? 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'm quite certain i 'm placing my own bet on last option and trying to reach that . 
  not really event for sub but could there be atleast once a month thread for few days where those who have gotten their positives and starting soon , also babies could announce it ? 
  something like alumni announcements ? 
  this has been talked before but it sucks that if you get positive , you just dissappear from ttc thread and not all of us want to frequently follow alumni thread but would like to know about happier news . 
  tmi but atleast technically ttc stuff . 
  we had sex last night for the first time in half year and nope , not preventing . 
  no idea about my cycle so unless i get another flu i wo n't test during this month . 
  in case of flu , i 'll test 5 days after that . 
  both my viable pregnancies ( i count uljas as viable ) have had weird 2-3 day fewer approximately week after o and that 's definitely not pms symptom for me . 
  on funnier note , our dog clearly had forgot how to properly behave during it . 
  first he was just whining there and then right at the end he decided that this is great opportunity for threesome . 
  unsuprisingly we did n't agree with him . 
  as you said , it can be nothing or it can be bad things . 
  do you have any way to find out what 's happening ? 
  i hope it will turn out all right . 
  welcome , sorry to have you here . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ttcafterloss/comments/307c5l/poll_for_the_wiki_how_long_did_bleeding_last/ ) is results of survey in this sub few months ago . 
  you can look at those and compare your situation to those who seem to match . 
  still every mc is unique . 
  with early mc you are usually told to wait for first periods so it 's easier to track timeline of pregnancy after that . 
  that ofcourse if you had no other issues with pregnancy like ectopic . 
  o can take anything from few weeks to months but usually so early mc wo n't cause too much difference from your normal cycle . 
  i was 5 days `` late '' for first periods after mc and then it went to pretty much normal . 
  for statistics , according to one study i read , 2 % of women have two miscarriages on row but i ca n't remember if it was from all women or from women who have already one mc . 
  i have one kid with most boring pregnancy ever and then early mc and late term mc with high risk pregnancy . 
  biggest issue with future pregnancies seems to be the fear of mc happening again . 
  for me only time made me feel like it was n't my fault on my first mc , from my second , i 'm still finding reasons to blame myself like forgetting prenatals few times and being too confident that this time it will be different . 
  porvoo !, 
  i was at turku today and we went to moomin world with my family !, 
  i have same issue except i wanted tattoo and my husband asked me not to , atleast not before we 'll have succesfull pregnancy and new baby . 
  he told that it would hurt so much to see that tattoo and be reminded what happened and i respect that wish . 
  so here i am thinking what am i supposed to do then . 
  yesterday spotting , today more spotting . 
  i mean come on , it is only 21 days since those mega periods started and i had managed to be almost half day without pad . 
  i have no idea if this is new periods , or some kind of encore for the old ones or did we have mad luck and this is some kind of implantation bleeding from that one and only sexual encounter 3 days ago ? 
  i do n't even ask for bfp at the moment , just few days without bleeding and bit normality to my cycle would make my day . 
  i 'm just starting to lose my mind . 
  bleeding is getting heavier so atleast it rules out pregnancy but seriously , 21 day cycle with only few days of not bleeding ? 
  husband got letter from kela , our social insurance institution that he needs to provide additional papers concerning his sick leave after our mc . 
  while it 's not big deal and was done under few hours it was still stupid extra stuff to do . 
  few hours later and i got call that the urn is waiting for us tomorrow and of course that call gets me moody . 
  then my friend who is pregnant 2 weeks later than i was , posts in fb how she is having nightmares of having preemie and i realize she is already at the point that her baby can survive outside the womb . 
  i 'm just so incredibly irrateted , pissed off , frustrated , angry and everything . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm so frustarated that nothing is working like it should so now it 's starting to feel like every little thing is too much . 
  so many hugs and good vibes , stay pregnant and keep calm . 
  i had us last monday and there should be nothing left . 
  according to doctor it is just my body confused with hormons and doing that classical `` have you tried to turn it off and on again ? '', 
  stuff like they tell in it . 
  so unless there is clear syptomns of something being wrong like fever or pain , it 's just troll uterus . 
  i love knitting and crocheting and just finished [ socks ] ( http://imgur.com/xhiuxzp ) for kiddo . 
  i 'm very happy with our local yarn company that makes so wonderful colourful yarns so you can easily make cute socks without switching yarn all the time . 
  well , literally next to us lives my sil and her family so we get along quite well . 
  kids come back and forth to play which is mostly nice and i take them often to ice cream or other activities so sil can rest with their 2 month old . 
  on the other side of our house ... well i ca n't even recognize any of them by face . 
  nalle taika and [ pattern here ] ( http://www.novita.fi/cms.php?cms_cname=neulemallisivu&amp;nlm_id=95886 ) but it 's in finnish . 
  totally basic sock pattern . 
  thanks , i 've had ultrasound less than week ago and nothing was there so it is just my body being asshole . 
  atleast she lives far enough that i only need to watch it throuh facebook and not in person . 
  i just could n't see her bumb now , i would be way too angry . 
  exactly , and if there is plenty of nephews and nieces needing new socks , you got to start making them now and not when they are needing socks immediately . 
  i have rank of corporal in finnish army . 
  i went there as volunteer at the ripe age of 18 . 
  since women need to apply while for men it 's compulsory , i had to send papers when i was still 17 ( good to be born in the end of year ) . 
  i had n't spoken to my parents about this plan at all . 
  i first asked from my mom to sign them because i was n't legally adult yet . 
  she said she would but only if my dad would refuse . 
  so i went to my dad , extremely nervous and starting with that spooky `` dad , we need to talk '' . 
  years later he revealed that he was 100 % sure i was pregnant and when he understood that i was n't , he was so relieved that it was like `` what ever paper you have there , i 'll sign it , just please do n't have kids as teenager '' . 
  i 'm fairly certain someone is making bad hollywood drama out of my life . 
  first i got the call from funeral company that crematorio refuses to give urn and ashes since we have n't booked final place for ashes yet . 
  so because of legal issues , they are keeping my son as a hostage until i force myself to call to cemetary . 
  then when i get to home , guess whats there ? 
  bill from crematorio . 
  did you know it costs 75 $ for child less than year old ? 
  this is starting to be cyanide & happiness kind of funny ... 
  so many hugs to you . 
  i can honestly say that while i 'm happy for everyone graduating , i 'm so envious that i 'm turning to green from jealousy . 
  i just want my body to get it 's act together so i can atleast actively start trying again . 
  now it 's just ntnp since i have no idea about cycle , if there is even one going on . 
  :( i 'm pretty happy about it , it 's exactly enough information for me at the moment . 
  i do n't want to hear how their babies are alive and kicking with spesifics but i definately want to hear that they are having them and alumnis have n't just dissappeared from reddit .
