  in mannis we trust !, 
  bastards do not count and gendry was n't even formally recognized . 
  from lannister point of view , roberts bastards look like robert , unlike his official childrens . 
  when there is already rumors about joffreys heritage , you really do n't want all those robert look a likes there so people could compare differences . 
  when it comes to stannis , i guess you missed `` there is power in kings blood '' reference and blood is blood , it does n't care about wedding vows . 
  when there has been over 10 years from publishing asos and many readers have read the books plenty of times yes , it is hard . 
  especially when the show does n't exactly follow the order of chapters in books which makes things even more complicated . 
  you were named apple instead ? 
  why ? 
  discuss about what is cheating . 
  is it just spending time alone with opposite sex , dancing , hugging , kissing etc. 
  everybody does n't draw the line in same place . 
  thank you , i have googled some programs where you use the baby as a weight so it will get heavier slowly . 
  they sound lot more fun than gym , somehow everytime a had bought a membership i only find myself doing little lifting and spending rest of the time in exercise bicycle reading magazines . 
  most jokes where the fun part includes how the words are pronounced since i do n't hear the words automaticly when i read them . 
  i get the obvious unoriginal `` i did nazi it coming '' stuff but bit more uncommon puns are wasted on me . 
  [ asos/season4 speculation ] ( #g `` they could maybe use a reindeer ? 
  i 'm not sure if the elk is significant so reindeer or moose could do too and if santa was fine with rudolf , maybe coldhands will settle for same kind of solution . '' ), 
  rumours tell that books 4 and 5 will be combined in 3 seasons and as a book reader it sounds pretty logical . 
  we shall see if it happens . 
  not always . 
  hubby was a main tank , i was the holy paladin . 
  totally devoted tank healer and flawless communication about cooldowns . 
  [ asos/season4 speculation ] ( #g `` well reindeers atleast are pretty much domestic animals and used kinda like horses or cows in lapland , that 's where they came into my mind in the first place . '' ), 
  what is the best part of you both physically and mentally ? 
  you mean ygritte right ? 
  ros was the whore , ygritte was the on who shot jon . 
  so many redheads to keep track on . 
  yep , immediately started to count if there will be any bingos as far as the books go . 
  well someone needs to babysit tommen since cercei certainly is n't . 
  bll clinton . 
  he seems like a guy who really could win anyone over and while not active in politics ( so not too huge loss if he happens to die on a mission ) he still have plenty of contacts and influence to actually negotiate . 
  `` dana , oh , dana , i 'm writing to you, 
  i heard you passed away , it was a beautiful day, 
  i 'm old and i feel time will come for me, 
  my diary 's pages are full of thee '', 
  sonata arctica - letter to dana, 
  just ... why ? 
  is there any context since the title in one on the pictures gives an idea that he has n't even seen season 3 or got at all . 
  exactly that caption . 
  well there is n't much good guys left to kill so he needs to start with bad guys soon . 
  somehow this comment gave me a mental image of two coffins , one normal sized for robb and one small for jaime 's hand , laying next to each others . 
  +1 for all of these :, 
  tyrion lannister - gentleman and one of those rare guys who directly oppose joffrey, 
  brienne of tarth - some swordplay, 
  also loved that she actually had few happier moments this season . 
  rickon stark - someone has to remember him . 
  davos seaworth - eddard stark with instinct of self preservation . 
  olenna redwyne - she captured every moment in her scenes perfectly . 
  stannis baratheon - one true king, 
  shireen baratheon - ^ makes her the heiress and kindest royalty we have seen since ... ever ? 
  -1 for all of these :, 
  joffrey baratheon - he starts to realize that he is n't really a ruler . 
  walder frey - i just hate him and want to have revenge . 
  theon greyjoy - well our newest eunuch really is n't winning in this season . 
  cercei lannister - at the moment she does n't have power over anyone important and that buggers her . 
  edmure tully - fumbled with war tactics and got married , soon to be potential rape victim, 
  roslin frey/tully - since they want a heir to riverrun , roslin propably has to try to rape his new husband because i ca n't see him being very willing anymore . 
  robb stark - king who lost the north . 
  catelyn stark - in the game of thrones you win or you die . 
  dead people are n't really winning . 
  jeor mormont - see above . 
  yggritte - heartbroken in the end so she is n't really happiest chick in town . 
  `` and and and '' in finnish . 
  finland so definately north . 
  stubborn northmen who like drinking and woods . 
  i serve breakfast in bed for my husband when he is tired so when he wakes up he can just eat and continue sleeping . 
  wearing woolen socks . 
  sorry about the bad news but yeah , normal birth , especially first child often takes 9 hours on average , after that it is few hours faster . 
  mine took ~ 13 hours but first 4 hours were just uncomfortable , not really painful . 
  then there was few very painful hours before epidural and then again 5 totally painless hours . 
  last hour when the baby came out was n't actually worst , it was those few moments before epidural when i tried to suffocate myself with a pillow during contractions . 
  she knew you were a fighter . 
  it happens . 
  i have reddish hair with blond mom and dark haired dad . 
  all my 4 aunts from both sides have red hairs so it was n't a complete surprise . 
  then i could ride on it and use it as a surfboard . 
  i would name her rose . 
  it may get worse but it also may get better . 
  soon baby will move to a bit lower position and it may help a bit . 
  try to focus on a fact that you are almost there , 7 weeks is a short time and soon you will have a lovely baby and all the paing and suffering has been worth it . 
  this exactly , i have 11 weeks old baby and nope , i 'm not a sah mother , i 'm just having my legal maternity leave and will be having for the rest of the year . 
  if it was n't for me wanting to go back to school , i could stay at home until she is 3 years and still not be considered as a stay at home mother in here . 
  i think you could still go with annabelle but if you need alternatives , how about anni ( i ) na , it 's pretty common name in finland but propably not in us . 
  they would propably take someone elses toes and wiggle those together while previous owner is watching . 
  [ season 2 ] ( #s `` most notably renly and qhorin halfhand and of course plenty of minor characters . '' ), 
  i would keep that book far away from anything you love , it will definately suffer a horrible end . 
  this looks really nice . 
  the trailer is really high quality and the editing and directing is done well . 
  the voiceover is not as epic as in blockbusters , but its not bad considering the team consists of non-native english speakers . 
  it will be so weird to swap back to god save the king for next three generations . 
  they changed the law , males do n't get a free ride anymore . 
  i like emilia a lot , my sisters middlename . 
   it 's pretty common name in finland . 
  the tawny man trilogy from robin hobb , named our daughter after elliania , just left the second i out . 
  eleonora maybe , former queen of sweden was ulriika eleonora . 
  * lord commander arthur dayne, 
  * robert baratheon, 
  * stannis baratheon, 
  * garlan tyrell,
