  such a relief !, 
  and i certainly had short moment of nausea this morning . 
  not sure if it 's because pregnancy , or because panic . 
  thanks and not late at all !, 
  i 'll skip tomorrow but definitely testing again on saturday . 
  testing keeps me at least bit saner than just fearing to see blood every time i visit toilet . 
  nausea is great compared to my last pregnancy where only symptom of being pregnant was constant bleeding . 
  agreed , it is scary thought but i rather have warning before bleeding starts . 
  my left boob was bit sore when i tried last time !, 
  they are catching up !, 
  i have been worried cause they have been like `` what pregnancy , nope , have n't heard about it here '' . 
  holding still hope for you !, 
  jeans day sounds nice !, 
  great , i hope you will see another positive in two weeks !, 
  hugs . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  it is hard to find silver lining in these moments . 
  i hope next cycle will be the one for you . 
  you are n't being downer , we all have bad days and even worse days . 
  it 's okay to talk about them and get validation for your feelings . 
  not expert of us schools system but atleast in here , teachers were all very happy to make arrangements for baby year so you could study while mostly being home with kid . 
  if i were you , i would start medicated cycles . 
  if no luck you get to go to school but if you get lucky , you will definitely find ways to work these things out . 
  people get pregnant on war zones all the time . 
  do n't blame yourself too much for having these feelings . 
  i thinkg some pity party with ice cream , chocolate , what ever suits you is more than okay if that makes your cd1 better . 
  betas are n't really thing in here unless you are coming from infertility clinic and have had ivf or iui . 
  usually we get to see midwife/nurse in maternity clinic approximately at week 8 if there is n't something that needs to be addressed immediately , like medication and after that is nt-scan . 
  for me , since i 'm such a spesial snowflake i get to have early us in public side so only 2-3 weeks of waiting for me . 
  during every damn fertile window . 
  we tried smep for few cycles last winter and it was horrible . 
  who on earth can have sex every day ? 
  good luck !, 
  welcome and congratulations !, 
  this day sucks . 
  first my aunts funerals alone make this day bad . 
  then my other aunt thought that dinner after funerals was great place to urge me to have more kids . 
  after that we left to spend weekend at my parents . 
  now when i went to toilet just before tugging my kid to bed , there was hint of blood in paper . 
  not much and after kid fell asleep and i went to check things again there was n't more but i 'm already losing my mind . 
  of course this happens at friday night when i need to wait until monday before i can call anywhere because this is n't er matter . 
  it was so horrible to try to freeze my heart and go to sing lullabies and trying to act normal . 
  i just hope these are fake periods or something since there is no pain . 
  update from yesterday . 
  morning there was tiny amount of brownish discharge and after that , nothing . 
  pregnancy test has strongest line so far and it has been 5 hours and countless visit in toilet with nothing . 
  rational part of me tells me to calm down and that it was harmless , but i 'm still pretty much emotional wreck . 
  i 'm not sure if i am more afraid of immediately losing this pregnancy , or another hematoma , months of fear and pain and in the end another late term loss . 
  definately going to talk about it . 
  bed rest sounds horrible . 
  i hope so too . 
  12 hours , quite active day and no blood , i 'm finally starting to calm down . 
  well , in last pregnancy it was probably more than five liters so it is n't very hard to get better deal than that, 
  stark white toilet papers for last 12 hours , finally starting to calm down . 
  at least now things are calm and starting to look better . 
  i just love feeling mildly nauseous !, 
  thanks , now you are making me ashamed of my postcard stash i sent late !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  still hopeful that things will turn around well . 
  thanks for the support everyone . 
  more than 24 hours with zero signs of blood so it really seems to be fake alarm . 
  maybe now i can try to focus more on good stuff and read and comment how you guys are doing since i 'm way out of loop at the moment . 
  after having few losses and now at the beginning of new pregnancy , i honestly say that i love nausea . 
  i wish you have nice peaceful pregnancy and tolerable morning sickness which stops straight after feeling first kicks !, 
  they are working clearly , keep up the good job !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  that kind of comments hurt so much and why are they always aunts ? 
  my aunt was poking me `` make another , make another '' at my other aunts funerals last week , those manners ... 
  nice to hear about your shower !, 
  awesome to have you here !, 
  yey , such a huge milestone !, 
  it 's hard question . 
  we get to asked when we will have second one . 
  i usually just answer something like `` we shall see '' and try to leave topic but if someone is pestering i will give them all out to make them understand that it was n't such a smart question to ask . 
  great to hear about you !, 
  gather your strenghts back while waiting babies to come home . 
  us appointment 9.11 . 
  check . 
  12.11 check . 
  both are before edd of uljas which is good , hearing heartbeat should calm me down a lot . 
  also my boobs have finally realized that something is happening !, 
  less desirable symptom at the moment is excessive amounts of cervical mucus which causes so many `` omg was that blood '' reactions daily . 
  you have had long night . 
  we will be there for you as long as you need us and beyond that . 
  spotting and bleeding is horrible , especially when you all you can do is patiently wait for us . 
  while it 's scary , you can bleed like pig while still being prefectly pregnant , been there , done that . 
  argh , i want guilt free candy weekend too !, 
  i think i 'll do guilt free candy first trimester , or atleast until us . 
  it is , and even when it has stopped , it leaves constant fear for days that it will start again . 
  good luck for your appointment . 
  atleast symptoms sound right !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i love mild nausea and pregnancy hormons , they finally force me to fall asleep before midnight . 
  first good sleep since june !, 
  soon soon !, 
  great to hear !, 
  heh , sounds familiar . 
  my insomnia starts half way of second trimester but until that i could propably fall into hibernation . 
  i hope you get help soon . 
  hugs , it really sounds that you need good rest and piles of chocolate .
