  i feel so cheated with the fact that those smoking non-breatfeeding ladies have their new babies on their way or already born and i have been a good girl , breastfeeded over a year and all the other things but according to my body , i 'm not good enough to handle another baby . 
  i feel miserable and so down . 
  i feel i 'm wronging towards my girl if i stop breastfeeding just to get another baby . 
  we are slowing down with it and i 'm planning to move from 3 times a day to 2 as soon as my semester ends , which would be next thursday . 
  i do n't know if two times a day is still too much ? 
  i do n't wat to stop immediately , rather slowly so she will have time to adjust . 
  at the ripe age of 14 months , my daughter finally falled asleep without breastfeeding or strollers !, 
  i 'm so happy , her daycare starts in 2 months and i was worried that this would be a long process but it was so easy and effortless . 
  has there been any surprise success stories for you with babies ? 
  i 'm not even dissapointed , just sad . 
  this cycle has been horrible . 
  for the last few cycles opk was positive in cd 17 so i thought i would save some sticks and start to test from 14 during this cycle . 
  not a good idea it seems . 
  there was never positive and now , where there should have been cd 25 , it 's instead af and cd 1 . 
  if there ever was ovulation , it was something like cd 10-11 . 
  well , atleast saved the last pregnancy test so i do n't need to order more yet . 
  i guess you are here but you are so hard to find . 
  i already have 16 months old and now on cycle 5 in ttc 2 . 
  how does already having kids affect to you ? 
  is there difference in trying compared to your first born and does knowing at least some thing make trying harder or easier to you ? 
  for myself it makes everything even harder . 
  our daughter was easy to make , round 2 and bingo . 
  now we are on uncharted territory with number two and it sucks . 
  my naive trust for me beign fertile as rabbit was crushed . 
  when trying for the first one i was only competing against my and sos aging , now it is also daughter aging and the `` ideal '' age cap is escaping . 
  i was hoping for ~ 2 years and we started at point where the gap would had been 20 months . 
  now , if we would get bfp in this cycle , it would be 25 months . 
  every cycle makes it bigger and i 'm not exactly happy with it . 
  my nephews name revelation party was yesterday . 
  like it 's not enought torture to go to party when you are just collecting pieces of your heart after another unsuccesfull cycle and eating pain pills cause af hurts . 
  i was holding the nephew while my sister was doing last minute preparations in kitchen . 
  her sil comes , greets me `` aww you already got another , how cute !! '', 
  `` uhm it 's not mine , it 's the party boy '' `` oh , sorry . 
  but atleast you could have had already another baby if you 'd been fast ! '', 
  well yes we could have had another baby if we would have been lucky when we started to try but it just does n't work that way . 
  as show watcher , the ending was lame and still as a book reader , i 'm cheering that ending was much better than in the books . 
  i feel that both author and directors did n't care anymore about the story , they just wanted to use their cash cow for one last time . 
  what would you like them to do with their lives ? 
  i know it sounds silly but i was 99 % sure i was pregnant before doing the test at dpo11 . 
  i just knew . 
  for the record i definately did n't knew when i got pregnant with my firstborn . 
  i think breakdowns are bit boring when everyone in here knows them , i 'll just tell what we did differently . 
  we used pre-seed instead of one other lubricant which had been sold to me as okay for ttc . 
  i 'm not sure if it was the key or just pure coincidence but here we are , 3 +4 pregnant . 
  so far only symptons are weird , extremely lively dreams which i had for the whole duration for last pregnancy and bit tender breasts . 
  knowing myself , i 'm propably going to test tomorrow , day after that and maybe once more before calling to doctor . 
  for better or worse , i 'm atleast getting to visit / r/babybumps now . 
  thank you everyone for listening to my venting and whining for the last half year . 
  i wish you all luck and plenty of cute summer babies . 
  goodbye to my little baby . 
  i only knew about you for 6 days but i had so many hopes and dreams for you . 
  those of you who had experienced the same , how did/do you cope ? 
  when everything happened so early that if we would n't had been trying and we would have used protection we would n't even had noticed anything . 
  damn you early pregnancy tests . 
  i have had every now and then periods few days late due stress but now when i had been sympton spotting and counting days , i tested dpo11 and was so happy when i saw that faint little line . 
  now , 2-3 days after periods were supposed to start , here they are . 
  are they even called periods when i was clearly pregnant for few days ? 
  this was cycle 7 , i know it 's not awfully long time but it definately was n't short either . 
  then we finally had that positive and now it 's taken away from us . 
  i had already planned christmas cards where we could have announced pregnancy , already saw my daughter as a big sister , already counted how husband could have paternity leave + normal summer holiday after baby would had been born so he could had been home for few months with us . 
  now back to square one . 
  today i have been callign and cancelling all those appointments , sending texts to those few ones who i already had told about pregnancy , removing myself from `` this is how far your pregnancy is '' pages and taking flairs and counters away from my forum profiles . 
  funny thing is that i 'm most angry to my friend who i told first . 
  she was being busy with her kids and did n't have time to talk but promised to call next day . 
  she never called and few days later i called her again , had few words but she was still busy and promised to call and neved did . 
  it was so hard to not be passive aggressive when i sent the text and not add `` well anyway , i know you do n't have time to talk about this either '' in the end . 
  husband says that it 's actually good that i can be angry at someone and not just miserable , as long as i remember that it 's not really her fault . 
  i try to think positively , now my dd has more time to be our little one alone , maybe she needs that time . 
  but seriously , at the moment i think only thing that can help me heal this pain is new positive test and seeing little heart beating in ultrasound and even after that , giving birth to small little baby who has been there waiting for their turn to show up . 
  maybe that 's what this is about . 
  maybe we needed one guardian angel first . 
  maybe my little untamo will be there and watch over us . 
  but dammit , i 'd rather have him here with me . 
  sorry for my english , not native and there is this salty fog between my eyes , brains and keyboard/screen . 
  i 'm starting to lose my mind with this ttc . 
  i was so certain this month that this was it . 
  i normally do n't have symptoms , only twice during this ttc and those have been this cycle and the mc cycle . 
  seeing totally blank test at dpo 14 was just so huge dissapointment . 
  i thought surely there would be something since with mc it was dpo 10 when i already saw thin line . 
  i just feel so bad now . 
  if we would had been lucky in the first cycle our due date would had been week ago . 
  if the mc would n't had happened i 'd be happily in second trimester , i could feel the kicking and soon learn the gender but nope . 
  here i am just crying and i do n't know what to do anymore . 
  my fancy idea of 2 year age gap is now atleast 2 1/2 and still counting . 
  also i 'd like to send all those people who said after mc that `` atleast you know you can get pregnant '' to hell , i 'm sure they will have spesific reservation for them there . 
  if your husband is murdered you do n't say to widow that atleast you know how to get married so why on earth would you say same kind of sentence to mourning parents ? 
  how are you supposed to stay positive month after month before getting to see doctor ? 
  well , after cycle 11 i can atleast make reservation for meeting but since our daughter was conceived naturally and within few cycles , they will most likely do bare minimum of bloodwork and the send us home to try another 6 months before any bigger tests . 
  we are saving for bigger house so while we could afford private clinic for more testing , we wo n't be using those since i want away from my mils and fils house as fast as we can . 
  those who are close to reaching one year mark , how do you cope ? 
  almost year , month after month trying and not pregnant . 
  seeing babies born that were conceived while we were already trying . 
  i 'm so sick and tired of this stupid waiting and all those wannabe comforting `` you 'll get pregnant when you are ment to '' `` do n't stress it up '' etc. 
  i think that mc adds lot 's of extra bitterness . 
  i was already pregnant but it was taken away from me and i do n't want to hear that it was ment to be . 
  please ladies , for a moment , drown in sorrow with me and tell me i 'm not only one who feels miserable . 
  atleast i feel that there is n't always enough room for venting and just being sad while discussing about ttc . 
  everyone is preaching positivity and anti stress and clearly it is not walk in the park . 
  first i got to say , omg !, 
  i had pretty much given up hope and was just waiting for enough time to pass that we could get doctors opinion on what to do .
