  good luck , i hope lines start to get darker fast !, 
  great to hear your update , congratulations !, 
  weight can go up and down so much during first trimester . 
  if you have nausea enough to throw up it makes a lot . 
  also constipation and other cute pregnancy stuff . 
  great to hear !, 
  treants in crystalsong forest were great for weapon skill leveling . 
  i hope all goes well . 
  waiting for your update . 
  so many hugs to calm you down meanwhile . 
  good luck !, 
  waiting for your update in few days that little one has arrived !, 
  oh dear , atleast you have symptoms so try not to worry too much . 
  i 'm so hungry . 
  i eat everything , i think about food all the time , i dream about fancy buffets and i am hungry . 
  feels like there is black hole inside of me . 
  oh dear , that would be horrible to woke up from it . 
  i just devoured meal that usually would make me feel full . 
  nope , had to go make some more so i would n't eat chocolate so much while watching netflix . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  having lo helps but same time it hurts even more when you know what you lost and you need to act like normal around lo . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  you made it past your first goal and every hour counts . 
  stay strong !, 
  others already said most of the thins i wanted to say , but there is one thing i thought you should hear . 
   i know my loss was small compared to later miscarriages . 
  no , your loss was n't small . 
  when you first see second line in pregnancy test you start to dream . 
  you are building whole future around those two lines and when it is taken from you , it is not small thing . 
  it is huge . 
  some of us can handle those better , some worse but all in all , loss is loss . 
  i have had both early mc and late term . 
  while i do n't know about stillbirths or losing small baby , i still know that each of those are their own hell to go through . 
  comparing losses is like comparing different kind of torture methods . 
  in the end , they are all torture . 
  when you are ready you can start trying again . 
  after one loss your changes are just as good as before loss . 
  i wish you all the good luck !, 
  thank you for this . 
  is it possible to see initial questions anywhere , there is few parts in my recipients answers that feel like jeopardy answers and i have no idea what question might have been . 
  not op but atleast in finland during winter maximum speed limit is 100km/h due ice and snow everywhere . 
  oh my , you are doing so great there , awesome that you are still having him in after all this . 
  good job and lot 's of well wishes !, 
  oh my ... woah !, 
  this is great surprise !, 
  how did you react when they started counting heartbeats ? 
  he is absolutely joy for eyes !, 
  such a sweet thing !, 
  and seriously , congratulations for you too for your journey , you have been such a trooper and fighted so many weeks , days and hours to keep him baking !, 
  you will be most cutest whale ever walked on earth !, 
  more positive sides , you actually have to eat all those heavy fat foods like chocolate , you will never be able to digest 6000 calories worth of lettuce with such a small room in your stomach !, 
  10w today and us tomorrow !, 
  i ca n't believe we are this far already , this pregnancy has just sneaked through weeks . 
  i think it is because with uljas we had almost every week us or visit in prenatal clinic or something and now it is just chilling . 
  i was supposed to go shopping today , it is official tax return day here and got few hundreds back so i was excited to buy some presents . 
  no way i 'm going out , it 's ~ 35f and drizzle . 
  aah , my bad . 
  i hope you can calm down , i know i could n't at all !, 
  haha , member of c club also . 
  during my pregnancies it has either been constipation or close to diarrhea , never normal . 
  ouch , tax season must be stressing time for you !, 
  i really hope so too , already entering into panic mode . 
  yeah , chilly and dark . 
  sun is up only 6 hours a day and it is cloudy . 
  i wish it would be below freezing point , at least we would have snow . 
  thanks < 3 should be home from ultrasound when tomorrows thread is about 3-4 hours old !, 
  wooh , everything was fine !, 
  seems like we interrupted dancing lessons or something , there was some serious wigling going on . 
  then they noticed that they are under surveillance , stopped completely , waited ~ 10 seconds and after that tried to hide away . 
  i 'm so happy i am almost crying !, 
  spotting is not coming from uterus so there should n't be much to worry !, 
  ouch , while nausea is n't fun at all , being symptomless is its own kind of torture . 
  i have never had much symptoms and many others do n't . 
  do you have anything like constipation , weird dreams , feeling cold , tiredness and other milder stuff ? 
  ouch , pestering about birth sucks . 
  just share notice for everyone `` every inquiry if baby is here yet delays announcing for 1 hour '' or something . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  thanks , i really am !, 
  thank you !, 
  agreed !, 
  hah , thank you . 
  good that it is imaginary , i just cleaned here !, 
  thanks , i was nerve wrecked ball when waiting for my appointment and of course it was 15min late . 
  it is ?? 
  i had n't seen update about it . 
  so great news !, 
  nono , no multiples but we do n't know gender yet . 
  and still no any cutesy name . 
  we just ca n't come up with anything proper . 
  oh dear , sch is tough thing to deal with . 
  i hope everything will go fine for you . 
  bleeding can go on and off for weeks so prepare for long torture . 
  still i hope yours will be short . 
  definitely mia for few weeks . 
  i just hope i can get book some how during release and not to wait for shipping too long . 
  we got married quite young and first kid was born 9 months after weddings so never got those `` when are you getting married or having a baby '' back then . 
  suddenly , when my kid turned one , people started to bombing `` when are you going to have another '' .
