  four pack of ben & jerry 's . 
  it 's terminal , there is nothing we can do except help the pain . 
  it can vary a bit , usually it 's not like in the movies where you see gallons of water bursting out . 
  my experience was that i woke up to feel weird , went to toilet and sat down . 
  then i noticed there is something liquid coming and i 'm not even peeing . 
  so for me it was more like leaking faucet . 
  after that you usually call to your doctor to discuss what to do next . 
  if contractions start immediately , then you go to hospital for check and often stay there until baby is born . 
  if they do n't start ( mine took 3 hours after water broke to start ) , then you wait at home and after 12 hours you go to check to see if there is everything okay . 
  there is a risk of infection after water breaks so atleast in here they start induction after 24 hours if nothing else is happening . 
  it depends , we have national recommendation to give d-vitamin from the age of 14 days . 
  now when my kid is toddler i give her multivitamin which includes d , it gives my mind little peace since she is sometims very picky eater . 
  alexander skarsg\u00e5rd , as soon as possible !, 
  yeah i can do cool party tricks , i have no experience of having ich in my back that i can not reach , i can fit in weird places cause i can pretty much rearrange my bodyparts . 
  also i regularly visit doctors and physiotheraphists to try to fix myself when something hurts because i do n't even know how to stand or walk normally withouth bending myself to wrong directions . 
  my family . 
  they are everything to me . 
  go ahead and plan as much as you like but there is no office to post that plan and make it actually happen . 
  it 's good to have baseline set , how many kids you hope to have and rough idea of the age cap but nature does n't really listen to those plans . 
  we wanted kids soon after marriage . 
  well , our daughter was born 9 months after weddings . 
  we wanted second kid as soon as possible so i could be done with beign pregnant and on maternity leave . 
  well , kid turns 1,5 years old next week and still not pregnant . 
  cherish your life as it is and be ready to change your plans . 
  anything from alphaville . 
  i have almost 18 months old . 
  i think she is too young to grasp the consept of time out . 
  when we need break the tantrum , we go together to sit on bed or couch and i explain to her that we are now taking a little break from what ever we were doing because reasons . 
  she can sit in my lap or next to me . 
  when the situation has calmed i usually ask her what she wants to do unless there was something nonvoluntary like dressing up or eating going on . 
  puzzles maybe ? 
  i 'm just wondering , why do n't you go outside anyway , it 's just a weather ? 
  my kid has flue and i 'm freaking out that we need to stay indoors few days . 
  or even just `` definately not during 2014 or 2015 '' so we could move on with our lives meanwhile . 
  very well . 
  some dating occurred and year later we moved together . 
  now it has been 9 years , we are married with kid and dog . 
  2008 when my school peers pretty much required me to use it for projects . 
  take care < 3 last month of pregnancy was mentally hardest but physically it was like miracle recovery . 
  so the may or may not be light in the tunnel . 
  are you as judgemental towards fat people , or those who have medical condition that may lead to giving premature birth ? 
  ouch , -30 is most it gets here and it 's not even every year that it gets that cold . 
  i think i was too hasty to make assumptions since it seems most redditors come from warmer climates than me . 
  i do agree with you . 
  it 's very quiet in public saunas . 
  i think most commenters are talking about male part of the sauna but in female area i very rarely hear any talking unless there is friends . 
  af is almost over and then there will be baby dance time !, 
  this will certainly be our month , i even have pink ovulation tests !, 
  since kid and husband are n't home at the moment , i 'd grab my dog but i highly suspect i would n't find him in 20 seconds . 
  that is totally hilarious book !, 
  i love all those funny faces and the fact that dogs are having good time while taking those pictures . 
  i would sincerely rank her ( and astrid lindgren ) to the top . 
  my opinion is completely biased , beign finn moomins have always been big thing in here . 
  i love the way stories and animated serie work in different levels and there is good in every character , including haisuli ( to whom i ca n't find translation ) and the groke . 
  tove janssons painting are very captivating . 
  i 'm waiting to be able to read the hobbit illustrated by tove to my daughter , the pictures bring their own charm to middle earth . 
  it 's has been 100 years from her birth this year and here is plenty of art exhibitions and other thing happening to celebrate her . 
  to give you context since i 'm pretty certain this is n't big hit in english literature , seitsem\u00e4n veljest\u00e4 is regareded as first significant fiction novel in finnish . 
  it 's story about seven brothers whose behavior is more than wild with drinking , refusing to go to school , fighting in every possible occasion . 
  it really is a good book but it 's written in old finnish which is totally comprehensible but bit heavy to read . 
  i have n't read other books from kivi but i have seen few plays and they were good . 
  the tiger 's child by torey hayden is very heavy but fascinating . 
  for dessert i present good but light chic lit , anything from jude deveraux . 
  these are books that leave you happy after reading and you do n't really need to bring your brains with you to the dining room . 
  i can see how ops water breaks just before priest starts to talk . 
  it would definately rain on sils parade . 
  i 'm not racial minority but i 'd like to point out that this sub is extremely us centric , as is whole reddit . 
  sometimes posts here make me wonder what do they put in your coffees there . 
  there is plenty of topics i really ca n't relate and even find odd but it 's not racism , it 's just different cultural backround . 
  i admit , i 'm the worst mother ever . 
  my 18m kid cried because i picked up and gave her the toy she dropped while swinging . 
  she asked me to pick it up for her . 
  i 'm going hell for this . 
  home . 
  they call from daycare and then either of us will come to pick her up and go home . 
  usually it 's me since husband ca n't legally take time off for taking care of kid since i 'm studying , but he can use his overtime hours as he wishes so if i have important things at school he will stay at home . 
  1 $ for guest comic week , it has been so long from last time . 
  in non spesific order and i 'm certain i have forgotten something :, 
  * song of ice and fire * george r r martin, 
  * farseer trilogy * robin hobb, 
  * pride and prejudice * jane austen, 
  * the neverending story * by michael ende, 
  * the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy * douglas adams, 
  * kalevala * by elias l\u00f6nnrot, 
  * the unknown soldier * by v\u00e4in\u00f6 linna, 
  it 's actually hard to rate greatest books since you have so many different standards to measure them . 
  i know my list does n't include many classics but i choose to rate my list by considering books that have had big effect on me . 
  they have made me think , feel and/or want more . 
  there is tiiti\u00e4isen satupuu is poem collection which just leaves you in awe with wordplay especially considered that the target audience is kids . 
  the unknown soldier which retells me life of my grandfathers and their brothers . 
  all in all , books that make you enjoy reading and read more . 
  i think joffrey is easy answer . 
  more attentative father and less lunatic mother would have made miracles . 
  at this point i mean robert which joffrey thought to be his father and not jaime . 
  ooh , i had same idea and had issues with how to handle the leash but you took it to next level already . 
  thank you , i need to add it to my to read list . 
  yes , he was a nice guy but we had been together less than 2 months , he did it drunk in front of bunch of friends and i was 17 . 
  ffs no one should ever agree to marry someone under those circumstances . 
  i told to my friend approximately 5 minutes after positive test . 
  it was mine and husbands secret for total of 4 minutes .
