  nam !, 
  i did , although i fractured in my femur while there and it still causes some issues . 
  husband promised to make that call monday , i hope it will make things move . 
  peoople from funeral company were very apologetic atleast . 
  you can start practicing !, 
  leave him prepared meal and note saying we are at the park with kid , he is free to join or take a nap or anything and announce we 'll be there atleast few hours unless he wants otherwise . 
  he is that old fashioned caveman type who needs to calm down by himself . 
  i do n't know what else to say than that i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  what ?? 
  if he wa n'ts to be there sure , but you really do n't need to do this now . 
  i hope he can understand it . 
  did you know that strawberry cake can be trigger ? 
  neither did i before i was babbling when i saw one and we had same kind of cake at uljas 's funerals . 
  this is actually hilarious now when the cake is n't at my sight anymore . 
  i 'm still spotting/lightly bleeding . 
  few more weeks and i 'll hit half year anniversary for bleeding , this is ridiculous . 
  sounds very normal to me . 
  while rest of the world moves on and seems to forget mc , we are still suffering and that suffering is harder when no one acknowledges those feelings anymore . 
  it 's 7 weeks from our newest loss and while i 'm doing better most times , also i seem to be finding more and more things that make me sad for a moment , like that strawberry cake i told about yesterday . 
  good to hear , spotting really makes mental recovering much harder . 
  such a long wait , good that af is finally there . 
  i hope cycles will get shorter now . 
  i know , i had only both maternity clothes for this summer . 
  worst part was that 2 hours before my waters broke i ordered awesome maternity dress from sales . 
  it was horrible to go and grab it from delivery place . 
  i understand this is bothering if it 's constant but to be honest , there is days when terrible twos ( or any other phase ) are real thing and make your soul steam from frustration towards even most loved child . 
  i can honestly say that just today i thought that i would love to leave my kid for daycare or any other place for few hours to get that constant `` no no no no '' stop . 
  this being said , neither i would tolerate constant whining of not liking their kid . 
  i feel it 's harmful to everyone if we ca n't vent about having hard day with kids . 
  especially if you have infertility issues or losses in your history , it wo n't make you saint who wo n't ever get frustarated with you kid . 
  it 's disturbing to think that venting in media where your kids even wo n't see it will make you bad parent . 
  i know many people are sure during ttc/pregnancy that they will never ever get angry at their kids or similar , but in reality , ttc wo n't give you infinite nerves . 
  oh my , i will keep my eye on results thread for you !, 
  i 'm so sorry for you guys and cat . 
  i hope you get things worked out and also positive results . 
  while i understand being nervous , i 'm very happy for you that you can move on to ttc again !, 
  our hostage urn situation has resolved !, 
  hubby called to cemetary and now we have everything under control again . 
  now we only need to get that urn there and next weeks thursday ( 20/8 ) there will be some kind of ceremon and urn burial . 
  cba to google proper terms this time . 
  same day will be also my last bloodwork and then few weeks for results . 
  still having some brown spotting but i think it 's getting milder . 
  also i ` mfinally starting to get shape again , took hour long evening walk with dog and planning to make it habit again . 
  poor dog , so uses him as grieving workout so he is dragged to long runs 3-4 evening a week and now he has to walk and maybe later even jog with me too rest of the evenings . 
  i think he ( dog ) loves it !, 
  i 'm so sorry for you losses . 
  you are in my thoughts . 
  i could recommend rfsu klick natural glide . 
  we used that when we conceived our first one . 
  shop recommended that when they were out of pre-seed . 
  while it 's not as sperm friendly as pre-seed , it 's neither ruining anything so if you run out of pre-seed or have confusing fertile window , it wo n't ruin your chances . 
  great news and he is such a handsome fellow !, 
  my go to listening seems to be linkin park , most of their music is almost like made for cd 1 . 
  damn those feelings , so painful and yet so normal . 
  i hope you feel better soon . 
  good luck !, 
  i hope you will make it !, 
  oh honey , i 'd love to say all those cheesy `` you are n't out until af shows up '' etc but i think they are all bs and just adding the pain when af comes . 
  i will still hope that it will turn to positive . 
  i had sort of periods 3 1/2 weeks after mc and there was only few days of light spotting between post partum bleeding and periods . 
  also those periods lasted almost 3 weekss . 
  rebooting body at mc is complicated stuff . 
  ooh , wishing you all the luck !, 
  omg !, 
  do n't spare any detail !, 
  * furiosly hitting f5 *, 
  frustarating , since i do n't know where i am at my cycle and how messed up my hormons are , i ca n't know if i 'm in tww or not . 
  i might be having some pms/pregnancy symtoms and it has been 9 days from the first time we had sex after mc so it technically could be pregnancy symptom . 
  it 's also 29 days from when periods might have started ( they are still spotting , gosh ) so it could just be pms . 
  or it could be hormons . 
  or just coincidence . 
  i refuse to test anything before bloodwork next week and i 'm getting more and more afraid of the results . 
  i do n't think i have issues with coagulation where blood would clot too much , more like other way around since all my bleedings , be them periods or post partum last much longer than average and borderline normal . 
  also i have often bruises , even big ones that i do n't know where they came from . 
  well , we 'll find out in few weeks . 
  my 2 cents . 
  i 'm happy to see alumni flairs but somehow bfp flairs are both upsetting for me , and i 'm also getting frightened for those posting them . 
  i have been on both sides , those 4 months in alumni side were wonderful but i never really felt like i was out of ttc since all the time i knew it could end in fire as it did . 
  so being alumni definitely does n't mean everything is awesome . 
  same time as alumni , it was hard to participate for other threads like `` what are you summer plans '' when summerplan was to be heavily pregnant with my toddler running around . 
  then there is the case of living child . 
  should i mention her anywhere or not . 
  same time i feel like it can give hope that you can have living child and totally normal pregnancy while you also have miscarriages and high risk pregnancies not ending well . 
  it gives quite lot of perspective for that `` we just had bad luck but we are not doomed for eternity '' . 
  i suggest that we could have flair like `` alumni '' and if we are interested we can check duedate by ourselves . 
  i know this sub is trying to conceive but ultimately it 's not about conceiving . 
  it 's about trying to have a baby and alumnis are just are just bit further in it but mostly not yet there either . 
  without trying to be too negative , their journeys can end just as easily as our af can show up and i 'd hate the idea that they would n't feel themselves welcome in here . 
  had to come here to lurk more information !, 
  so exciting !, 
  with my daughter , she was always hanging on the right side of belly and pushing her little bottom there , it actually made measuring quite hard sometimes when the highest point definitely was n't on the middle . 
  i hate rainbow baby term after having two losses in row and thinking on second time that statistics clearly are at our side and now we would have our rainbow baby . 
  well ... 
  there was rainbow after his funerals if that counts . 
  you could all learn finnish so we could use * odotus * like one of the terms for pregnancy is in finnish . 
  it also directly means waiting/wait . 
  i 'm so sorry , it was somewhat easier when between loss and edd was almost 9 months and with late term loss , it 's only few months and late term usually messes hormones worse so the edd comes way too soon for mental health . 
  but yeah , that alternative reality is way too sweet and coming back down to earth hurts like hell . 
  edit : thought about my wording and just wanted to say that this was personal anecdote and no way trying to say that early loss is easier . 
  i 'm bit pissed of and no one in family seems to understand why .
