  my fil suggested that we would go to canary isles during late winter . 
  we have been there few times with fil and mil before . 
  last time i had mc 3 days before leaving there and we told to no one . 
  now we were supposed to go this october , but when we found out i was pregnant and i would have been 34-38 weeks pregnant then we cancelled all plans . 
  now they are planning new trip and since of course it is mathematically impossible for me to be too pregnant to go then . 
  but i do n't want to go there , i want my baby . 
  i have already two losses linked to those vacations and i 'm not willing to try my luck with third time . 
  also my troll brains think that because they started planning , it 's already too late and i 'm going to have third mc since canary isles were even mentioned . 
  those dreams ... yeah , every night i do n't take sleeping pills and that 's why i got new prescription for them . 
  i think i 'm not ready to face those dreams before my body has shown some sign of normality . 
  hormonal changes cause me very lively dreams and that 's so not appreciated at the moment . 
  ouch , we also have * raskaus * which also means heaviness besides . 
  to be pregnant is * olla raskaana * but also to be heavy . 
  yep , during pregnancy and breastfeeding , each and every night there was dreams . 
  but that 's also normal with my pms symptoms , usually i know af is coming when i have 3-4 days row weird dreams . 
  that 's what i was trying to say , thank you for voicing it properly !, 
  that 2 am at bathroom floor hits hard at home . 
  thank you for sharing this . 
  rooting for you in next cycle !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i 'm almost at 2 months from uljas 's birth and like / u/greenmangosfool said , it is n't better but more manageable . 
  it 's like 1/5 days are very dark when i 'm just crying until it hurts my eyes and then it 's days that i can almost forget that my heart is broken and i can focus on future . 
  give yourself time to heal . 
  some day lucas will be warm memory and all the other stuff just distant nightmare . 
  well i have bit different perspective . 
  edd for my first loss was 24/6 . 
  my second loss was due 15/11 but he was born 21/6 so our june is n't looking very nice in calender . 
  now we are starting to try again and if we do conceive in next month , we will again have edd in june . 
  i was thinking that if that would happen and pregnancy would go all the way through , it would be nice way to make june less painful month for us . 
  i think i 'm having cd1 !, 
  not 100 % sure but atleast i 'm cramping and spotting has much fresher blood !, 
  i really hope this is it . 
  i 'm so sorry and have felt horrible whole day thinking of your situation . 
  so much love to you . 
  thank you so much . 
  here was i thinking i seldomly contribute anything . 
  yeah , this cd1 was 99 % hoped for , of course there is that 1 % sting `` i could have been pregnant already '' . 
  thank you . 
  i was first going to say that you do n't know what this means to me , but then i started thinking . 
  out of all peoples i know , you guys ( not only / u/greenmangosfool ) but all you guys here most likely know how much it means that our babies are remembered . 
  this brought tears in my eyes but unlike usually during last few months , they were more happy tears than sad . 
  short version : in my bil 's bedroom . 
  longer version : let 's return to year 2003 . 
  i was dating totally another guy who wanted to present me to his group of friends via paper and pen rpg . 
  the gamemaster was my fil and my now husband was one of those friends . 
  it took few years but that old bf turned to ex bf and i started dating my husband 2005 . 
  damn those year numbers make me feel old . 
  hurray for spontaneous sex !, 
  would you mind explaining what is whole30 , never heard about it before , some kind of exercise program ? 
  it 's great to see positive posts in here , brings the spirit up !, 
  thumbs up for you !, 
  i 'm starting to think rainbows are somekind of messages from our losses . 
  my daughter saw rainbow after uljas 's funerals too . 
  i hope you get rested there and find some peace of mind . 
  i really love your daughters name . 
  hugs . 
  it 's small miracle that you have days you do n't feel sad . 
  it 's completely fine to be sad , anxious , angry and scared . 
  i hope you can find answers in some of those questions . 
  you will get through this one way or another . 
  bs for me . 
  i had less than half day of not spotting between post partum and periods and had to go through few doctors to confirm that they were periods and not mc issues . 
  neither was there spotless day between first and second periods . 
  pregnancy hormons are strong stuff and it makes your body go crazy . 
  think how they take bloodwork 3 months after late term mc so hormon levels are back to normal . 
  that is how long it can take from your body to calm itself down . 
  i hope you can get your cycles sorted out . 
  such long cycles must make ttc even worse when waiting for o is so long . 
  clomid should help i think . 
  wishing you all the luck for iui . 
  that optimism and naive ideals are something that i think we all want back . 
  i guess you can never feel safe again but at some point of pregnancy you will just be so far that thing have to be done cause you ca n't buy all clothes and do nursery after baby is born . 
  fairly certain that these are periods , even when they are mild ones . 
  still feeling positive about whole thing but same time i 'm making myself hating me with my obsession with calender . 
  if this is somewhat normal cycle , edd would be exactly month before uljas was born and i could be looking at first faint positive in my birthday next month . 
  i need to calm myself down and fast . 
  they do n't have that much room there to kick . 
  also this is somewhat horrible and funny but you wo n't feel all the kicks since they are punching eachothers . 
  that sisterly love starts early . 
  sounds horrible in a good way . 
  i could never do that , cut out sugar maybe but how could i drink tea without milk ? 
  they are big enough that people without kids can mostly recognice their name but may not be able to name any of their songs . 
  viimeinen mammutti is beautiful song from them , i often sing it to my daughter . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  this is not your fault . 
  hugs . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm so sorry you have to be alone . 
  i do n't know what i would have done in your situation . 
  we got `` lucky '' and doctor prescribed 2 weeks of sick leave for my husband and right after that started his 6 week summer holiday so he was able to be home two months . 
  i know those feeling , it 's okay to be angry , life is n't fair and it blows . 
  thumbs up for you !, 
  i feel for you , my sil seems to be made of same material as yours . 
  she announced her third pregnancy less than month after our first mc . 
  she did n't know about mc or that we were even trying . 
  now she has 2 months old and i have two mcs and gravestone . 
  it 's hard to watch how other people get to be happy and our live is partially miserable . 
  it 's okay to feel like that , do n't be too hard on yourself . 
  so , periods lasted whole two days , were light and now it 's just brown spotting again . 
  how am i supposed to keep faith that those were periods ?
