  fourth pregnancy started from first viable cycle after previous loss and moved into second trimester almost two weeks ago . 
  i can feel baby moving and now i 'm 100 % certain of it !!, 
  show me your stash !, 
  i love pictures of yarn stashes , especially now when my stash is stuck at the attic because our temporary living situation . 
  finland just won hockey championship in u20 league . 
  finally after long wait , they are airing australian masterchef here and i can focus all of my crawings into it !, 
  i do n't have gd , atleast yet . 
  i can feel baby moving !, 
  i 'm finally rid of my house arrest aka pelvic rest !, 
  14 +6 today . 
  i definitely would n't have noticed yet unless i knew what i was looking for and actively tried to feel it !, 
  ooh , my wording was n't best possible then . 
  it is pretty early and i surely would n't have noticed it accidentally . 
  this time i knew exactly what kind of feelings i was looking for and where . 
  i think 16-20 is usually normal to start notice movements if you are first time that far , after that you usually notice them 2 weeks earlier . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  you are n't an idiot , if someone is idiot here , it is those tests . 
  i think every one of us would have believed them and gotten hopeful . 
  already 7 !, 
  wohoo , overhalf way of first trimester done !, 
  weather rant . 
  it is so damn cold in here . 
  i could finally go around , parks , shopping , what ever but nope . 
  it was -24 c when i came back to home from walking our dog and it should be even colder thursday and friday . 
  i have enough clothes to look like michelin man but there is nothing that can save my freezing eye balls . 
  it will warm into -10 c in few days which is much more tolerable !, 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  giving your child painless way to go is so hard decision but i personally think it is the right one . 
  / r/ttcafterloss has been warm place for support and there is sadly plenty of people who know exactly what you are going through if you ever need to talk to someone . 
  goodbye hippo , until we meet again !, 
  i hope you are here back soon with glorious news !, 
  after our first loss , we started right at next cycle . 
  after our second loss ( 19 +0 ) we had to wait for few months to get all bloodwork done but it also took few months to get my cycle back so technically we started immediately that time too . 
  main reason for not keeping any break is that we have one living child and every month we would have waited would had made age gap even bigger . 
  we originally wanted kids 2 years apart and with our first loss , age gap would had been 2y3m . 
  now if everything goes fine , 3y3m is the minimun we will have . 
  i asked same question few months ago and i got told there is 2-3 hours of radio mode left if you listen with as small clip pacing as possible . 
  sadly i ca n't say if it was true since soon after asking it got health issues and still stuck with that s1 radio . 
  i have enough bump that if i dress up , you can totally notice it but i can still easily hide it if i want . 
  already feeling movements and technically everything is going fine . 
  i 'm still very anxious about this pregnancy , on good days i 'm already planning name revelation party and picking for godparents and on bad day i 'm just waiting for my water to break and contractions start . 
  it was impossible to find book for toddler where you explain miscarriage . 
  we lost our son late term in a point where i was obviously pregnant and our daughter knew she was going to be a big sister . 
  then suddenly mom goes to hospital and afterwards everyone is sad for months and she is being told that there will be no baby when autumn leaves fall . 
  all books about death that i found were about grandparents and other adults . 
  after our second loss , i was rambling here daily how hard it was to find exact support i felt i needed , someone who had been through exactly the same . 
  living child , late term loss and every other detail i could come up with . 
  one lady here pointed out that it seemed like i was n't trying to find support but more like future me to tell me that life goes on and i wo n't be miserable for the rest of my life . 
  she was absolutely right, 
  i think it is almost crucial to share your experience . 
  you do n't have to force feed your experience but tell that you have been through the same and are available to talk . 
  as someone who is reading those as translation , it feels like plot does n't move at all . 
  mostly because our translation has splitted each original book into 2-3 translated books . 
  so i 'm just starting original book 8 , translation book number 18 . 
  it sucks that you can read whole ( translation ) book without anyone pretty much doing anything interesting . 
  / r/tryingforababy can be very depressing if you have struggled with fertility since it feel like every day there is post `` i got pregnant from first cycle '' . 
  i would rather recommend / r/stilltrying and / r/infertility . 
  stilltrying is aimed for those who have tried bit longer but there might not yet be any diagnosis for issues or they have n't even pursued further testing but already getting worried . 
  oh honey . 
  lot 's of hugs . 
  i hope it is just scare but i know the feeling of devastation . 
  i keep hope up for you . 
  it is normal . 
  when you are first time that far pregnant , usually bump does n't look like proper bump before 20 + weeks . 
  i did quick comparing to bump of my first pregnancy and bump now . 
  the bump i had 19w was n't bump at all . 
  i can send you picture in private if it would make you feel better ? 
  now closest match i can find for my todays bump is almost closer to 30w than 20w . 
  it also took me to almost 20w before feeling movements first time . 
  placenta was at back , i was thin as thick and nope , nothing before that . 
  i hope everything is going to be okay in your appointment . 
  maybe try to talk about your anxiety and suggest more frequent meetings if it would make you feel more confident ? 
  i 'm doing quite well and baby is well !, 
  spotting has been completely gone for few days . 
  to be honest , for the last week it was bit exaggeration to call it spotting , more like brownish cervical mucus . 
  i can daily feel how someone is training their somersaults and i got to say , this baby get 's way too much energy from somewhere and i 'm quite sure they are stealing it from me . 
  on the other news : next week i 'll have first normal appointment with doctor , how awesome !, 
  normal as in every pregnant woman in this country has that appointment and it has nothing to do with bleeding , losses or other extra stuff . 
  they also have us there and i 'm going to see my baby again !, 
  only 3,5 weeks to anatomy scan and i ca n't wait . 
  i 'm so overly excited about it . 
  then to the best part , 3,5 months and maternity leave starts . 
  technically it wo n't matter much , i 'm at home anyway . 
  financially , it means few hunder euros more each month which is nice since we need new pram and few other more expensive items . 
  rip thermometer . 
  ca n't really suggest anything since we propably have different brands here . 
  i think i have bad news for my husband . 
  10 years together and i still do n't remember it . 
  not really . 
  while obviously my facebook wall is n't objective , most people are more afraid of these odin guys than refugees . 
  in this sub sad sometimes seems to be anything from so eating last cookie to stillbirth . 
  when woman is pregnant and expecting for daughter , daughters egg cells are formed while in uterus . 
  technically those woman have had half of their grandchildrens dna there . 
  think about that when you see your grandma next time . 
  it is rough . 
  if it helps at all , i had zero symptoms and three hours before my water broke i had posted into our facebook group `` this baby is never getting out '' . 
  sent you pm in fb , propably in the others file !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  during those weeks it can be anything from placenta having issues to baby having some . 
  i lost my son at 19w because placenta got infected .
