  and how far along were you ? 
  did you have a d&c / surgery/etc . 
  or lose the pregnancy naturally ? 
  naturally due infection in uterus which caused labour to start . 
  how long did you have period-like bleeding after your loss ? 
  almost 3 weeks, 
  how long did you spot for ? 
  3 days but it `` stopped '' because periods started and bleeding got heavier . 
  did you need any additional followup for the bleeding/spotting ( i.e. 
  a d&c to remove retained tissue ) ? 
  if applicable - did your doctor consider your level of bleeding to be `` normal '' ? 
  yes because bleeding started again and it took while to confirm that it was actually periods and not post partum bleeding anymore . 
  add any additional relevant details here . 
  first periods afterwards have been superlong , almost two weeks and still going . 
  they have included very heavy bleeding with big clots . 
  ooh , time to change fancy sheets then !, 
  oh damned , since there is chance it will sort out by itself , i really hope it does . 
  hugs . 
  no words will help but you are in my thoughts . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  hugs . 
  cd ones are always so rough . 
  oh dear , while they do mean well , sometimes you just wish that people would leave you alone with it . 
  counting pregnancy weeks after loss is n't wisest move but 25 +2 here without even checking calender so who am i to judge . 
  constant bleeding sucks so much . 
  i hope you will get that resolved asap . 
  that kind of off hand comments are way too common . 
  you are a champion being able to keep yourself calm . 
  that legend of super fertility makes me so pissed off . 
  first you have your loss and then people are all telling how you will now definitely get pregnant . 
  then you do n't and are even more wrecked for failing to keep you baby and failing with super fertility . 
  friend of mine had mc and then got pregnant again before having even periods . 
  she was patting me in back and telling how i 'd definitely be pregnant immediately again . 
  god i started to hate her after half year from mc and no positive . 
  bleeding has turned to spotting !, 
  i really hope it will end soon since now bleeding/spotting has lasted longer than whole pregnancy ever was . 
  quite sad when you thing about it . 
  but anyway , i had awesome day at zoo and climbing park with husband , his niece , our daughter and her god father . 
  she was so incredibly exited all the time . 
  we saw lions , tigers , bear , camels and many other animals but oddly her favourite was goose . 
  no , affc and adwd did . 
  also we were talking about publishing years , not book years . 
  oh , that must be torturing sometimes . 
  i 've had few friends with almost same edds and i 'm pretty much avoiding to see them . 
  i agree about the hope . 
  that hope is pretty much only thing keeping me sane during ttc , every new cycle could be the cycle . 
  argh . 
  i never got that one but since our daughter turned one i 've been asked when we are having another one . 
  next time someone will ask i 'll just act like suprised `` oh but we do have another , want to see picture of his grave ? '', 
  i just want this day and tomorrow be over . 
  funerals tomorrow . 
  [ niin kaunis on maa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slcr6qsvkwq ) kari rydmanin esitt\u00e4m\u00e4n\u00e4 . 
  it is over . 
  we had funerals and now people have left and kid went to spend sleep over with grandparents so we can get some alone time . 
  this song is for uljas . 
  i really recommend listening it . 
  while it 's sad , it 's also very beautiful and especially choir in chorus makes my spine shiver . 
  i found very rough translation for it . 
  note that sky and heaven are same word in finnish so i 'm not totally sure i used the one that composer means . 
  [ niin kaunis on maa - kari rydman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slcr6qsvkwq ), 
  the sun rises , there 's dew on the grass ,, 
  it 's time to awake , to rise up and shine ,, 
  to meet the dearest friend, 
  ( chorus ) so sweet is the earth , so high is the sky ,, 
  the sweet song of birds over blossoming meadows ,, 
  and the shadowy lakes , so shadowy lakes, 
  the day is so clear , only forests are windy ,, 
  it is time for laughter , time for play and joy ,, 
  by your side the dearest friend, 
  the sun also sets , so tall are the shadows ,, 
  it is time for our parting and time for goodbyes ,, 
  and forever gone is the dearest friend . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  we buried yesterday our son born at 19w and those things just shatter your heart . 
  those feelings of hatred and guilt are so familiar even when you can rationally thing that you did nothing wrong and just had worst luck ever . 
  you are sincerely welcome to ttc thread even if you are not trying at the moment , there is quite few of us there who are n't trying for mental , physical or other reasons but still talk there about how our journey with loss is going . 
  for me it has been safe haven and one of the odd places where i do n't feel like i 'm posting too much about our loss and no one else knows how i feel like . 
  i had this odd encounter yesterday . 
  went to get flowers for uljas , i had preordered small light blue bouquet and was weeping nonstop while middle aged lady at the counter was doing our money transaction . 
  she was very kind and saw that i had written on the card `` from mom , dad and big sister with love '' and i think she thought i was the sister in question . 
  she smiled me kindly and said it 's okay to cry , she just went through the same . 
  i sadly said that this is for my son . 
  she turned so pale and with quiet voice said `` no , i have n't been through the same , i 'm so sorry . '', 
  i hope she got happier customers later . 
  it was sad day but atleast it is over now . 
  weather was so perfect atleast . 
  heavy rain until service was over and all guests had left . 
  our daughter went with grandparents and few hours later she called for good night and told she had seen rainbow . 
  same time clouds started to fade away and in the end when i was walking our dog , it was bright blue sky and from other side of the river i could hear music playing since there is festivals during this weekend . 
  i want to believe uljas sent that rainbow and beautiful sunset . 
  i 'm so sorry , but silverlining is that it is n't ectopic . 
  lot 's of hugs . 
  i hope you 'll have fun time !, 
  so jealous , anyone want to meet in south finland ? 
  it is comforting and it is also something i have to believe . 
  idea that he would be 100 % gone is too devastating so i rather think that he is out there waiting for me . 
  i 'm sure it was frustrating but also sounds so hilarious . 
  you have your way with words , i could totally see those things happening with your description . 
  let 's hope that in ~ 10 months you start needing it again . 
  losing time is exactly how i feel .
