  i 'm officially 19 +4 today but he was 20 +4 . 
  so many feelings going on right now . 
  everything in his anatomy scan was perfect !, 
  thanks . 
  it really is big thing . 
  especially now that i know baby is already big enough that 3-4 weeks until viability . 
  but seriously . 
  he was 4 days behind in early us , spot on in nt scan and now almost week ahead . 
  am i accidentally eating steroids ? 
  no , one more day and they would have changed it . 
  i hope you will have great news in your scan too !, 
  keeping fingers crossed for you !, 
  i hope you are as far as possible . 
  wait game is so scary but necessary . 
  sound like you are already back on track !, 
  me too , for some reason i seem to believe that exercise is direct cause of mcs which makes no sense . 
  sounds wonderful !, 
  who am i to judge , i am at risk of gd , already having baby measuring big and stuffing candies on my face like they are last food on earth . 
  well , today is day to celebrate , tomorrow back to chicken soup and such . 
  not sure about you , but i think my reasoning is that bed rest is supposed to save baby if something is n't going right which of course means that exercise is bad . 
  congratulations for a boy !, 
  i hope fetal ekg goes fine , when will you get results ? 
  rooting for your little boy 100 %, 
  i 'm so sorry , how are you holding up at the moment ? 
  waiting for your updates . 
  good luck !, 
  toes , fingers , you name it , everything crossed !, 
  definitely would look for new office . 
  did you get rescheduling soon ? 
  oh honey , i hope it is nothing . 
  wishing for strong heartbeat for you !, 
  to be depressingly honest , maybe after baby is born . 
  or at least i have n't got over it yet . 
  weird thing to say but i hope your boobs start to hurt soon again . 
  you are in my thoughts . 
  i feel for you . 
  i already have edd of first loss and loss date of uljas only 4 days apart . 
  now i have duedate 9 days after loss date of uljas and seems like this baby is so big that he might come out early . 
  i hope that your sons birthday makes your daughters birthday brighter and you can find some traditions of your own to celebrate both of them . 
  lot 's of love < 3, 
  honestly , i think you made smart move . 
  maybe bit sneaky but smart . 
  it is such a torture after loss to wait for us . 
  i think some do and some do n't . 
  my first pregnancy went all well and i was never much anxious during it . 
  it 's naive but i 'm happy for those women to not feel like this . 
  same time i also think that people who announce early must be out of their minds unless they are preparing people to offer extra support if something goes wrong . 
  we missed you too !, 
  while i wish you would haved returned in alumni thread rather than ttc , it still good to have you back . 
  being alone is common feeling and i think it is mainly because people do n't talk about these things much . 
  i hope you can find support here to make you feel better . 
  for thirst , water . 
  for a treat , sugarless tea with no caffein in it . 
  i love to see your update 3 !, 
  take your time to calm down and then , enjoy !, 
  i love the way your husband thinks . 
  hugs !, 
  i saw data somewhere that over 50 % of females with loss spot in their successful pregnancies . 
  while spotting sucks , that piece of data gave me at least small comfort . 
  i think this is my most pregnant moment so far . 
  it 's almost midnight and i 'm sitting in my bed , watching australian masterchef and stuffing pizza on my face like world is going to end if i do n't get this all eaten immediately . 
  i had loss at 19w and all i was told that as soon as i am mentally and physically ready i could start trying . 
  although doctor scheduled bloodwork to be drawn 2 months after delivery and for those to give accurate results i should n't be pregnant . 
  she said that if i happen to be pregnant at the time of bloodwork , everyone is just happy so no need to wait for that . 
  10 week of post partum bleeding made sure that i was n't pregnant by then and first o was 3 months after delivery . 
  it was n't just blood , it was dream of future and losing it hurts as hell . 
  take care of youself , healing takes a lot of time . 
  awesome to hear !, 
  i hope kicking starts soon !, 
  yeah , i have felt kicks for over month and i 'm still sometimes having hard time to accept that i am still pregnant . 
  good luck for your scan , are you going to find out gender ? 
  hah , i 'm still stuck with idea that almost no one finds out before anatomy scan . 
  be happy , stay happy !, 
  those sticks are there just waiting to be peed so how could you deny them from their purpose ? 
  halfway already and baby had great gym session during morning so i just ca n't be anxious today !, 
  i do n't run during winter . 
  i do n't have gear for it and honestly i am not that suicidal . 
  also -15 c and below is just torture for lungs . 
  at the moment it is so slippery that i barely can walk out with spikes on my shoes and even my dog is slipping every now and then so no way running . 
  when it 's warmer , which means +5 c or warmer and no ice everything goes , rain has never bothered me . 
  got to admit that during summertime i save my runnings for late night so it gets bit milder , lightning is not a problem when sun sets around midnight . 
  i think it is cold enough in here that during winter zombies would freeze and there would be no problem anymore , just walk around and saw their heads of when you find them !, 
  with my monster sized baby it is not that far away !, 
  when expecting my first one , i was already at third trimester when i was questioned if i actually am pregnant since i had suck a small bump . 
  now with my fourth pregnancy and i have been showing since week 12 . 
  the gas , oh the gas . 
  my husband lovingly calls me her jupiter , based on the fact that jupiter is gas giant . 
  very flattering . 
  and worst part , after first pregnancy you think you know the deal and nope nope nope . 
  completely different symptom set . 
  agreed , cold weather would definitely cause different kind of problems but it could massively help with zombies in case they would be frozen into statues . 
  i could n't hold the secret more than mere seconds but you know him best so i 'm sure you will pick great solution !, 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  we do n't stay positive , but fear of never having that baby we dream of is bigger than fear of losing another pregnancy . 
  if you give up , you definitely wo n't have child , at least biological ones . 
  if you try , you may have another loss but there is always chance for good normal pregnancy and lovely screaming bundle of joy and that 's what keeps us going . 
  good luck , i. 
  hope short ttc and boring long pregnancy where only surprise you will have is gender . 
  happy due date !, 
  i hope eviction note is addressed soon !,
