  good to hear that everything is going fine . 
  christmas goes fast , you wo n't notice half of the time already passing !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i still keep on hoping for you , even bright bleeding is n't always mc but of course often it is and it sucks so much . 
  i hope someone answers soon for you . 
  your lara croft sounds like awesome person . 
  i hope we can all hear more about her in few months !, 
  so , yesterday we had nt scan and agreed that now we actually believe we are pregnant . 
  so as a result , we had our first argument about names . 
  we agreed to only talk about girl names until anatomy scan since boy names are pretty tender subject . 
  well , anyway , let just say , his favourite for girl name was absolutely horrible . 
  we will have many more discussions ahead it seems . 
  12w today !, 
  this is for women who want children at some point of their life . 
  go and check your reproduction status . 
  it is better to know now that you will struggle and have early menopause than think 10 years that you still have plenty of time and then find out that you already lost your chances . 
  if everything is fine , good for you but if not , now you may still be able to do something about it and plan life around it . 
  i considered it as a joke too until realized he was dead serious . 
  he was suggesting name that is at the moment popular on ~ 50 year old women and nick name for flak jacket . 
  also it has been title for huge hit song about woman with same name whose marriage is ruined , they lost their house , money and in the end song tells how they live under the bridge and spend all their cash on gambling . 
  so no no no no !, 
  sirpa is the horrible one , i 'd love to name them taika or ilona . 
  i have no idea how that works in states , sorry . 
  i would recommend you to talk to your doctor about it but atleast ancestor wise it sounds that you are in good place to start . 
  if your mother or other close relative would have had their menopause before 40 's i 'd definitely ask for checking of you eggs and hormonal levels . 
  i have same issues that there is certain names that i really really want . 
  it just , i already played that card with our daughter so it would be bit cruel to do it again . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm still bit jealous . 
  below freezing point here , maternity pants have n't arrived yet and nothing warm fits for me . 
  great to hear , such a speedy doubling !, 
  i 'd start to wonder if there is more than one baby !, 
  outliving your children . 
  as someone who actually had baby on april fools day , it was a hell of a job to convince mil and fil to come and pick up our dog after my water broke . 
  they could have already had ultrasound and seen heartbeat , after seeing that it is way smaller risk , less than 5 % if i remember right . 
  [ first result in google ] ( http://www.newkidscenter.com/chances-of-miscarriage-after-seeing-heartbeat.html ) for risk of mc after heartbeat . 
  [ second result in google ] ( http://www.md-health.com/chances-of-miscarriage-after-seeing-heartbeat.html ), 
  this is pretty universal for all ages but something made by yourself . 
  be it drawing , cookies , poem , scarf . 
  those are the things parents cherish for years and when they get old they open these small boxes where they have all those memories saved . 
  except cookies . 
  cookies will be eaten . 
  it took some time . 
  at one point husband and i had rule of three offences and no treats for whole week for offender . 
  you just slowly learn to say sheep instead of shit and sort of things . 
  ca n't say better example for that since i do n't curse in english . 
  my kid is almost three and loves to play with her 10 year old cousin and as far as i know , 10 year old is loving their time together too . 
  if that 11 year old is your kids only friend , then i would consider finding them more friends from same age group but would n't stop their friendship with older kid . 
  we lost uljas 21th of june , edd for my first loss was 24th of june and edd for this pregnancy is 30th of june . 
  i have no idea how i am going to handle it all yet . 
  i am so so sorry for your loss . 
  seeing your son in small coffin is sight that you wo n't never forget . 
  baby sized coffin and still too big . 
  our son had white one . 
  please share and talk as much as you want about your son and how you are feeling in the middle of all this . 
  we are here to listen and we know how much it hurts . 
  so much strenght for you for the holiday season and funerals . 
  your son will always live in the hearts of those who love him . 
  i gave up and bought constipation drugs , this things drives make crazy and trying to push that stuff out of me makes me spot so i rather not deal with it anymore . 
  4 days left of first trimester !, 
  my father said to my husband , `` remember that there is no guarantee and return policy in this house '' . 
  it is not iron supplements , this started during tww and has kept going ever since but thanks for advice !, 
  i hope everything goes fine . 
  my daughter was 6 days behind in scan at 8 weeks and i was very worried about it but it turned out fine and at nt scan she was already spot on with growth . 
  sometimes you can do everything as perfectly as possible and still fail . 
  woke up 03 am for water breaking , contractions started 3 hours later and 10 am went to hospital . 
  got two shots of epidural there and finally at 7 pm my daughter was born . 
  it was quite painful before epidural and during pushing but i had some pre existing medical issues that propably caused some part issues . 
  it still was n't too bad since we are hoping for another one . 
  what i would have liked to know is that pain was immediately gone when head was out , not even whole baby , just head . 
  and it really was gone . 
  after effects , downstairs look bit different due few stiches but does n't feel any different . 
  did n't have any strech marks and 2 weeks after birth i already managed to use my old jeans . 
  i might have slightly wider hips now , but we are talking about less than 1cm . 
  suprisingly , while i went from a cup to c and then back to a my breast are pretty much as they were before . 
  if you really want to avoid discussion , use phrases like `` it is a tender subject for me , could we talk about something else '' . 
  that is what i have been using after we have had issues conceiving second child and seems to get point across for everyone that it really is taboo for me . 
  now that i started to think , everyone of my pregnancies that has made it to early us have been measuring atleast 4 days behind . 
  doctors said that it is completely normal , we are talking about so small measures that even even small error can count many days . 
  i hope you get home for christmas !, 
  had this yeas final check up at prenatal clinic . 
  everything was fine , they found heartbeat immediately and it was over 160 !, 
  feeling so peaceful now . 
  only two days left of first trimester , second trimester will definitely be one of the best gifts i am going to get !, 
  update . 
  argh , out of nowhere , bright red bleeding . 
  no clots , no pain . 
  called to hospital and they said that if it wo n't stop in five hours , call again . 
  merry fucking christmas ... 
  update2 , getting seriously heavier , going to hospital as soon as i can get ride and babysitter . 
  update 3 , i 'm failing with updates and saving back and forth but anyway . 
  back from hospital , baby is fine and propably placenta had a minor leak or carrying my 30lbs daughter broke vein down there . 
  i just hope he would tell something . 
  even `` definitely not done during 2016 '' would be better than clinging to hope that today is the day that he announces he is ready . 
  i would mention your loss since it is important to you . 
  what you wrote was very nice way of telling . 
  especially during summer . 
  spring and autumn are bit slow here but during christmas time city seems to wake up again . 
  things are calming down . 
  today has mostly been just small amounts of blood when wiping . 
  made appointment for next monday to listen heartbeat so i have reasonable waiting time and if everything is fine by then i can stop stressing .
