  while i do n't enjoy this , it 's much better to have continuous mild bleeding than day on , day off . 
  i found such a lovely pattern for [ baby blanket ] ( http://charami.com/2012/04/22/patroon-hartjesdeken/ ) . 
  it 's in dutch so i ca n't exactly read it but it has enough pictures and chart to know that i can do it . 
  and i 'm going to do it , give it to my baby when they arrive and be damn happy about it and finally open that bottle of baileys my brother gave me after uljas 's funerals . 
  also had one weird dream last night . 
  someone was teasing me that i could n't carry adult male for ~ 20 meters because i 'm girl . 
  i was pissed of , grabbed him in my shoulder and carried him while wearing high heels and thinking that i have much heavier burdens to carry and others wo n't even notice so carrying that guy was just to show off . 
  somehow that dream left me very determined that i can make through this all and have that big family i always have wanted and screw anyone who tries to stop me . 
  that 's where i found it too !, 
  that 's harsh realization . 
  i 'd be at third trimester already . 
  those reassurances are one of the reason i do n't post in alumni thread much . 
  half of my answers would only cause fear and nightmares . 
  `` oh you had little spotting ? 
  so did i and then it was n't little anymore and 14 weeks later my baby died . '', 
  so not ok to tell for pregnant lady . 
  i hear you about normal boring pregnancy . 
  i 'd even take all the nausea , vomiting daily and all back aches if i just could be pregnant and in the end have that baby . 
  i 'm sorry for that conversation , very unfortunate but i guess it was pretty much unavoidable . 
  argh , now you reminded me that i have two weddings to attend in next summer and since other ones are my best friends who was my maid of honor and other ones are propably my cousins who is my daughters godmother and wants her to be in bridal party , i really should n't skip those . 
  but damn , i still hope i have to skip because i 'm too pregnant or having small baby . 
  it feels truly desperate to try justify for youself that bigger age gap is just fine and it is for the better actually and deep down you are just screaming that you want that baby now . 
  eddard was the brother robert choose and why not , he was away in vale with ned and spend his youth with him instead of his brothers who where pretty much strangers to him, 
  it hurts . 
  :( first person in my baby group who was 2 weeks behind me is in l&d , her water broke early but it 's okay , they are just waiting for antibiotics to help and delay labour since her baby is big enough to survive . 
  i 'm actually jealous of her for having even preemie . 
  if my original starting day was right , it 's already cd 10 which would be bit scary since i 'm having full force periods going on so we would definitely miss o. 
  on the other hand , if that on off bleeding was still part of the last cycle and just some starting issues , i 'm at cd 4 or 5 , so there is plenty of time for bleeding to calm down . 
  having doctors appointment 3.9 so if this bleeding is still issue , i 'm certainly going to bring subject on table . 
  i 'm starting to resent my finnish ttc # 2 group more and more . 
  lack of support and all those `` hi we are starting , our eldest is 10 months old '' who leave 2 months later because they are already pregnant again are making me mad . 
  i 'm just so jealous , i thought i 'd have short visit in that group and here i am , 17 months later and still trying . 
  i blame my translation errors for seeming so graceful !, 
  you did n't just see my sheer panic when i thought i had ate last chocolate bar before i had emotional fullfilment of eating enough chocolate . 
  sorry but you sister was the insane one !, 
  you and your family are in my thoughts . 
  i 'm so sorry , walker should be here with you now . 
  yeah , we can imagine that our boys are somewhere there , playing togerher while patiently waiting for us to come when it 's our time . 
  oh dear , how are you holding there now ? 
  loss is stressfull and sometimes it only takes small dose of coincidence to lose nerves and to start a fight . 
  try to do all those stuff you are n't supposed to do during ttc and especially tww , eat years supply of sushi and medium beefs , drink something fancy and enjoy your coffee . 
  it is hard and hurtful and it 's okay to feel that way . 
  how are you feeling today ? 
  my friend had one too and i was cheering of relief that it was false alarm . 
  i could n't have handled her oopsie when she already has two under three . 
  it 's not too big gap , totally doable !, 
  i wish that the baby will come soon . 
  exactly , it 's like they are using some cheat codes that no one bothers to send to me . 
  18 months is long time but since we have been pregnant in between , it 's bit hard to say does it count in infertility group either . 
  atleast mine does n't since both my losses have started with less than half year of trying . 
  so maybe one more pregnancy during this year . 
  maybe not . 
  good luck !, 
  atleast here every pregnancy , even chemical one , resets the counter for public healthcare unless you are having 3 or more in row when they are starting to test for miscarriage issues . 
  and for me , i think i wo n't even qualify if i have one more loss since they were such a different type of losses . 
  good that you are able to talk about it . 
  i 'm focusing on eating chocolate and doing christmas presents to keep my mind sane . 
  yeiii for update , perfect timing then !, 
  ouch . 
  i have friend whose first one is same age as mine toddler and now she had pregnancy scare . 
  there was steam coming out of my ears when i was listening about it an they are stabile happy family . 
  i totally understand you wanting to throuw your phone . 
  we all want this to be over . 
  hugs , this is n't time of life that any of us should be living . 
  it is lovely idea !, 
  it 's okay . 
  i 'm walking because my dog refuses to run and i had to turn chasing off since my dog seems to be finding nice smells to check everytime zombies are coming . 
  maybe he smells them . 
  so you are still propably beating me with your speed !, 
  just take each step as their own , be it running or walking . 
  i did the same book thing and after mc hidded all those books into closet . 
  i agree with this feeling like easier with already having daughter . 
  i know i can have kids and have completely normal pregnancy but those ladies out there who ca n't be sure about that , my heart aches for them . 
  just as you said , if i need to squeeze a toddler i have one right here with me . 
  this is something that i feel guilty for even feeling , but at some parts i also think that those without children do n't always even understand the magnitude of their losses . 
  when i think about uljas , i dream about all those hight point , his first smile , first steps , first day in school . 
  but children really are amazing 24/7 and thats something very hard to grasp i think . 
  babybooks are bittersweet . 
  it 's still very hard for me to handle my daughters pictures for first year when all i am thinking is that i never get to have those pictures with my son . 
  your last chapter really hits the nail . 
  grieving for ones that we lost does n't make us unappriciate our living children . 
  we are even grieving behalf of them for all those sibling moments that they lost too . 
  of course this belongs here . 
  please keep it here . 
  my sils eldest is 10 years and youngest 3 months . 
  there is 5 year old in between . 
  while they wo n't be playing like kids more similar age do , the older one is huge fan of the baby and wants to help at everything and spends her time making stories about the baby . 
  but it will propably take until youngest is atleast young adult for them to have more friendship like bond . 
  have you talked with your son about the baby yet ? 
  i 'm sorry for those questions from your niece . 
  while she did n't mean anything bad , they must have hurt a lot . 
  oh my , it sounds that it is mostly even harder when you kid is older . 
  while you may have easier time to explain that mom and dad are sad but it 's not because of him , all the rest is equally or even more horrifying to tell . 
  atleast mine does n't have the concept of death and telling for her that there is no baby anymore was like telling we are out of milk . 
  she shrugs her shoulders and moves to next thing . 
  my kid thought we were sad during the day of funerals because it was raining but then forgot whole thing when she saw strawberry cake . 
  your writing tells really well how much loss affects to everyone in family , not just parents . 
  another pregnancy sounds scary in personal point of view and then i start to think of your son . 
  his fear of losing another sibling , mom and dad being sad again . 
  it 's not only mothers who worry for their pregnancy .
