  because handegg sounds too silly . 
  you you really want to make good impression , go to grocery , pick some food they like , go to their place and prepare it . 
  if possible , do big enough dish that there will be extra servings to save . 
  afterwards clean the mess , do the dishes and laundry . 
  the poop thing varies . 
  mine was breastfed and oh dear god she pooped often and lot . 
  take pregnancy test just to be sure . 
  women can have kinda fake periods even when they are pregnant , althought it is rare . 
  it 's pretty common to say in finland that we did n't win but we were good seconds , as in we did n't lose badly against all those odds . 
  nail polish is pretty usual for twins , one toe nail red for twin a and one blue for twin b. 
  it 's fantastic scene , we sang that song in our wedding with my husband < 3, 
  this is horrible but for guys , who had the newest and biggest tractor . 
  what do you mean you can tell i lived in countryside ? 
  if you are afraid of downvotes , you ca n't really say truly controversial opinions like pro-life , anti-weed , republican etc elsewhere than in subs dedicated for those things . 
  darude when he was n't yet very known . 
  savage garden - truly madly deeply and those lyrics go bit wrong . 
  i want it that way by backstreet boys . 
  when you play song thousands of time you ca n't really forget it ever . 
  do you want to see some real stuff , like the most awesome and manly thing ever . 
  here in / r/trucks the bigger is better !, 
  / r/beyondthebump would propably give her much love . 
  knitting needles , unfortunately they are plastic . 
  they were definitely good enough to catch the song immediately . 
  darren hayes has magical voice . 
  it was a trap , bestman and maiden of honour lured us to say something nice , handed the mics and suddenly there was singstar going on . 
  what ever greater power finally taught my daughter to sleep full nights in her own bed , thank you , thank you , thank you !, 
  this is n't exactly unpopular but people have extremely black and white view for this . 
  old daario was better and hotter . 
  i 'm rooting for sansa . 
  she will be alive and well , propably not the queen but maybe lady of the winterfell . 
  argh , more acronyms . 
  what does hpt stand for ? 
  also little suggestion , could you write rules in a way where you open those acronyms when using first time . 
  as in `` you should post your bfp ( big fat positive ) story as a text post as it may be insensitive/upsetting to others who are trying . '', 
  it would make reading and comprehending the rules for new users so much easier . 
  do n't worry , you do n't need to know everything when baby is born , you two will find your own way . 
  some babies are calm and patient and slowly give more and more clues while you can still go to toilet and properly prepare the feeding station and some are `` i opened my eyes and if i do n't see that boob in my mouth 5 seconds ago you do n't need to call cps because they will hear me without phone '' . 
  not sure if we have same sizing but we have been stuck in 5 from 10 months to 16 months and no signs of needing number 6 in many many months . 
  definitely !, 
  old daario was steaming hot and there was flashlights over his head shouting trouble with that wicked smile . 
  new guy is just plain and handsome . 
  the reason i loved being pregnant :, 
  i was carrying my little baby who i had wished for so long . 
  i did n't have much issues , 2 pukes , 3 weeks of akward waddling because feets hurt . 
  weight gain was positive , i 'm underweight and i collected ~ 40lbs and still stayd below 25 in bmi so go figure , i also had very supportig staff in maternity clinic and everyone was `` good for you , you need to collect some extra to be able to breastfeed '', 
  second and third trimester were mostly during wintertime . 
  it was the one and only winter ever that i have n't felt like my bones were frozen . 
  i could use all those cute clothes without fearing i would freeze !, 
  eleanor is fantastic name and it has so much history . 
  you really have picked royal name combination . 
  online i 'm every now and then male . 
  in some forums it 's just so much easier to skip correcting gender and go with the mass . 
  oh dear , i had to replay whole game just to get married . 
  i was awesome queen !, 
  ans so easy to tease , best moment from dragon age 2 was seeing him again . 
  i would explain one more time how the quizz will work since maiden of honor fucked that up . 
  not always . 
  i have to flash fake smile , say thank you and put a note on the bottle who gave it to me so i wo n't regift it to same person . 
  most of the alcohol tastes awful to me . 
  most diu gifts if they are actually useful . 
  everyone seems to be delighted of selfmade wool socks . 
  believable explanation about what happens during next few years in world politics . 
  ukraine and israel/palestine and that ebola epidemic . 
  got once again negative from pregnancy test . 
  stop waiting for someone to save you from your life and do it by yourself . 
  canadian , north europeans and north us citizens !, 
  something that was missing from your list and would have been in top 3 of mine : http://www.amazon.co.uk/kaiser-stroller-thermo-fleece-anthracite/dp/b0044p4j22, 
  thermobag for a baby , it has beltslots to install on stroller , it 's warm and so great . 
  even in near zero fahrenheit only needed one extra layer for body , extra socks , jacket and hat which made going out so much faster . 
  from 32 f and up only socks , jacket and hat were needed . 
  i have dog so it was so easy to install baby to the bag and go out . 
  it also kepts fingers and toes so much warmer than with regular outfits and baby could actually move when not being dressed like michelin man . 
  bit jealous , we are below 30 f for good part of the year . 
  what i 'd like my husband to do : remind her that she is not alone in this . 
  show emotions when those negatives come so she wo n't feel like she is the only one doing this . 
  also remind her that it 's not her fault that she is n't pregnant and that you do n't deep down in your soul blame her for it . 
  this is one of those pictures which would actually improve with red circle . 
  same thing , why should i hide it ? 
  feed the cat , that would be only reason i 'd go visit there while parents are away . 
  0 % , it 's not required here . 
  every moment we spend is a moment we ca n't ever have back . 
  try to live in other side of the world . 
  there is only one finnish bumper here as far as i know and i think she will give birth before i 'm on second round . 
  this is the question me and my husband are arguing a lot : how do you deal with kid drinking alcohol , when is it ok and how much ? 
  i 'm on a same boat , first one was planned but it was almost instant success , now we have been trying for second almost half year . 
  first of all , talk about the trying for baby so that she really knows it 's not only her project . 
  show emotions and let her know you are in it too . 
  remember to tell her that she ( or you either ) are not to blame , there is only ~ 20 % change on every cycle get pregnant even if there is nothing wrong with either of you , sometimes the odds just are n't in your favor . 
  about your eldest , all i know is that if you need to switch rooms , give his old bed to new baby or anything like that , do it very early . 
  keep him on the page and talk about becoming big brother like it 's honour ( as it is ) and keep the whole baby thing in positive light . 
  also if baby is breastfed , explain that for the first few months baby eats and sleeps all the time and it does n't mean mommy does n't love him anymore . 
  maybe get a nice kids serie or books that you could always read when baby is eating so it would be bonding moment for all of you . 
  only friendzoning besides jorah is gendry friendzoning arya . 
  arya : `` i can be your family '', 
  gendry : `` you would n't be my family . 
  you 'd be m ` lady . '', 
  so the succession list for dany is at the moment :, 
  stannis baratheon, 
  shireen baratheon, 
  doran martell,
