  agreed , reading this text makes me feel like i need to go and check my sight . 
  that is actually very nice thought . 
  have n't seen your earlier post about likely loss , so sorry about it . 
  is there any hope left ? 
  few hours and ready to leave to my parents , it 's vappu ( uhm , labours day i think ) here tomorrow so we are going there to hang out for almost all weekend . 
  nice to get some rest maybe . 
  today has been much better day concerning bleeding , i hope this time it will permanently stay that way and maybe some day even stop . 
  with my luck it 's week before giving birth but better late than never . 
  anyone else of you living in place where it 's celebrated ? 
  good luck !, 
  i got pretty much same treatment except because i 'm tall , i did n't show much to a point that my pregnancy was being even questoned . 
  was talking with few women in dog park and they asked if there is many more months to my duedate . 
  `` no , it 's tomorrow '' . 
  their faces were priceless . 
  not trying to defend your mil but hematomas can actually cause that . 
  i 'm having one now and since it 's so big , i 'm measuring for twin pregnancy . 
  i 'm definitely having only one baby in uterus . 
  me too , somehow with all that hazzle around them , kate still seems like normal and likable person . 
  easy to be monarchist when living in democrazy but i love royals . 
  they are like distant relatives who you hear every now and then what they are up to but rarely if ever see them . 
  4 times a night to pee and not feeling pregnant ? 
  paranoia is sadly very common in this sub but also very understandable . 
  i hope you are feeling calmer soon . 
  good luck , i really hope you are pregnant for the next 9 months . 
  hugs , early pregnancy is so scary stuff , sometimes i wish they could just put you in coma and you 'd wake up at the beginning of second trimester ( or what ever seems like good waking point to you ) . 
  i think she would have wanted this . 
  she was warned that this would be dangerous for her and still dropped her medicines against doctors advices to have this baby . 
  4-5 months row , atleast 7 wake ups for me during 10 hour period . 
  i truly do n't remember about it much . 
  then she was only taking 15-30 minutes naps so after getting her to sleep , going finally to toilet alone , eating sandwitch and trying to sneak to sleep even few minutes she was already waking up . 
  oh dear , we had few of those nights where sleep was interrupted every 20 minutes but usually i got atleast few 90 minutes sleeps and i thought i was going crazy . 
  i certainly understand why you did n't want to do it again , sounds like torture . 
  first idea for me was little boy holding a big balloon and handprint inside of that balloon . 
  so pregnant !!!, 
  argh , just finished the episode . 
  i 'm still in `` wtf '' phase . 
  so weird to see episodes where pretty much nothing is from the books and i actually do n't know what us happening . 
  nt-scan tomorrow !, 
  not sure if more in panic or excited . 
  i love how they included diana in it , althought it was almost guaranteed . 
  ooh , lily is such a lovely name !, 
  let 's start with the fact that i have living child so i have some experience about birth . 
  home birth is n't really a thing in here so we are going to hospital , would have chosen it anyway . 
  i 'm not actually afraid at all . 
  last time i gave birth it went okay for me . 
  main reason still is that almost every woman i know me included have told about this urge that comes during end of third trimester , it could be described as `` i do n't care how this baby comes out but it has to come out and it has to do it now , or even better , yesterday . '', 
  i 'll explain how it went for me last time , nothing interesting happened , sorry :, 
  03 water broke , i was so excited that i could n't sleep anymore so went to play wow . 
  06 contractions started , headed to shower and shaved my legs , mid wifes have never seen hairy legs right ? 
  08:30 got season 3 started and i was determined to watch the first episode . 
  we had to pause during contractions but i did it !, 
  10 hospital and to the nice small pool . 
  honestly , it was n't for me , i felt like a whale stuck in water that was n't deep enough to move properly . 
  12 started shakind between contractions almost violently so i was stuck in that pain feeling all the time , it was horrible . 
  13 epidural , god bless medical science . 
  even took nap, 
  17:30 finally open but not feeling need to push but throwed up . 
  18:15 starting to feel need to push but trying to get nice position . 
  ball does n't feel good , neither did stool . 
  ( that small weird chair thing ) . 
  every position i ned to keep any weight in my right leg hurted like hell , maybe had something to do with broking femur bone years earlier . 
  18:30 after some hopping from one spot to another , went to bed , grabbed my knees to almost to my ears ( yeah , hypermobility gogo ! ), 
  and it actually feels okay . 
  19:07 we have a girl !, 
  i was expecting first spoiler too but with more gallant way . 
  for the latter , i would n't swear on it but it seems way too possible to be ignored . 
  haha , but seriously , what else you can do in from 03-06 when you ca n't sleep ? 
  finally got that night pet , it had been bit hard when it was 01-07 in our timezone so i was always sleeping . 
  also usually you are in hospital for 3-4 days when having your first child and i could n't have waited that to see the episode . 
  one more thing i have to whine . 
  i love the name ellaria and it has been in my top 3 second names for years but i hate what they have done to her character . 
  actually i had two epidurals so counting from last one , three hours . 
  only thing restricting was that cable to my hand which gave oxytocin , it 's usually added when you get epidural , and it could be moved pretty easily . 
  mid wifes were very encouraging to keep moving when i felt that i could and very willing to move that thing which had oxytocin bag in it . 
  they did n't need to use catheter in uretha and the spot for epidural had weird plug thing in it so there was no movement restriction with it . 
  i have to admit that my legs were bit numb so i was n't allowed to go walking alone but as long as someone was holding my hand it was fine by everyone . 
  i think i could have made it much longer , maybe even whole birth without epidural but that shaking ruined everything . 
  contractions where like waves , you just need to dive and keep yourself together during high tide and after that ou can breath again , but because of shaking i felt that i was under tide all the time and could n't get rid of contraction pain for even split second . 
  no , you should call to hospital but atleast in here , if everything is fine , you can stay home 12 more hours and then come for check up . 
  after check up they even may send you home back for maximum of other 12 hours . 
  if nothing has happened in 24 hours they take you in and start inducing since infection risk rises after water breaking . 
  nt-scan went well !, 
  schr\u00f6dinger is doing fine , they were measuring at 12 +4 while according to edd we are at 12 +2 . 
  they were having wild party and having swallowing practices . 
  so cute < 3, 
  hematoma has pretty much stopped growing !, 
  also i finally had doctor who actually knew about those so she was able to tell how things should go forward now . 
  atleast few more weeks ( maybe more ) bleeding ahead but feeling lot more confident now . 
  some of the excercise restrictions were also lifted but still no running , jumping , swimming , sex , sauna , carrying heavy stuff etc. 
  3 weeks for next us check up , i 'm pretty excited if they could maybe have a sneak peek of gender . 
  all in all i 'm starting to feel pretty positive about this pregnancy . 
  maybe i 'll actually have baby at november . 
  maybe , i guess i need to check translation . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm having very large hematoma in uterus and have been bleeding from 5w3d to now ( 12w2d ) and no end at sight . 
  the baby is still fine , last time checked two hours ago in us . 
  do n't panic , this is scary but it happens and it can end well . 
  bleeding is unfortunally normal in this situation and it can be huge amounts . 
  my biggest bleeding moments were soaking night pad in mere minutes . 
  and still , everything is going fine for me .
