  and the fact that da inquisition is on the list but not da : origins is just plain wrong . 
  damn you were right , placed 48 . 
  i 'd rather get mailbox . 
  warrior in our guild was trying to get quest serie completed before opening but missed it . 
  he always had few 58-59 alts helping him since those bugs were also great xp . 
  oh dear , healing those as a holy paladin with next to none aoe healing abilities . 
  it was horrible and same time so much fun . 
  minttu is actually coming popular again and has been steadily on the top 50 baby girl names for last few years . 
  valjaat . 
  * [ looking for group ] ( http://www.lfg.co/ ) fantasiahuumoria 2x viikossa . 
  [ linkki ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/museumofreddit/comments/4ou65c/rage_comic_leads_to_diagnosis_of_testicular_cancer/ ) redditin museoon kyseisest\u00e4 aiheesta . 
  [ t\u00e4ss\u00e4 ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/sources/tour-de-sock/patterns ) viime vuosien turnaussukkia , n\u00e4ill\u00e4 saa p\u00e4\u00e4ns\u00e4ryn kokeneempikin kutoja . 
  rivi tom of finlandeja ? 
  i thought i would n't have guts to use it , but when my son was born way too early to survive we used that name anyway . 
  no one can ever bully him because of his name and no one will ever dare to tell us that our dead son had stupid/silly/odd name . 
  name was prince charming in our translations of fairytales . 
  yeah , i mean benjen already is in bad shape . 
  tavallaan sulla on pointti . 
  lumihiutaleena olo on perseest\u00e4 . 
  no no , it 's the pregnancy . 
  fetus marinated with wine . 
  yes and no . 
  i have waited over 15 years for this story to finish and i 'm happy to finally know how this all ends . 
  i 'd love to see more got but there has to be ending for the story . 
  at least we can hope for the two more books and spin offs . 
  no way , do n't you remember what happened to the last baby who were supposed to be eddard ? 
  yeah , finnish one is terrible . 
  i hope they do better job in book translation . 
  difference between good sleeper and bad sleeper is enormous . 
  my 4 year old sleeps worse than my 1 year old . 
  at the age of 9 month , older woke up 7-10 times a night while younger woke up 1-2 times . 
  now younger sleeps whole night through while older still wakes up at least once . 
  nah , brother played hockey , he was way more expensive than me . 
  first the fact checks , then the story and questions :, 
  * me = 5 ' 8 1/2 ( 174cm ) and ~ 140 pounds ( 65kg ) female 26y . 
  * diagnosed hypermobility syndrome , not too severe but i have to use same streching moves that ballerinas etc use since nothing else works . 
  never dislocated anything , according to mri my joints are almost superhumanly shaped so i bend too much but it is extremely hard to dislocate anything . 
  * never been on diet but always maintained ~ 130 pounds ( 59-60kg ) weight just by eating what i want . 
  * i was in pretty nice shape during army but in reserve started slacking . 
  my regular excercise has been walking with dog . 
  * no access to gym during summer and tbh i do n't like gym at all . 
  * my goal is to go back to 130 pounds and tone up a bit . 
  mostly planning to do cardio training . 
  so story time : 2011 i was in overall ok shape but started to have joint pains in my hip , fast forward half year and doctors finally diagnosed hypermobility and as a result of that an old fracture in hipbone i had slowly started to walk in a bit wrong way , long story short , it 's now fixed and i know how to keep it in control if i start to have issues again . 
  during this half year i have been pretty much locked in my house eating painkillers . 
  finally started physiotheraphy in summer 2012 . 
  things started to work again and even managed to do some jogging at the end of the summer . 
  also found out that i was finally pregnant , we had had to forward the baby making plans until diagnose since some of the painkillers were n't recommended during pregnancy . 
  again fast forward to this spring , baby is born and i have had my post partum check done and everything seems to be fine . 
  as a result of all this , last 1.5 year i have not done any serious exercising so you can all guess how muscular and fit i am at the moment . 
  because of the breastfeeding i 'm not allowed to do any dieting and there is n't even serious need for that , my weight seems to be dropping more than 1 pound / week . 
  i try to eat as healthy as possible , lots of veggies , some nice beefs and chickens etc but sometimes there is time for guilty pleasures like chocolate . 
  at the moment most of my exercise comes from walking with dog and pushing those tank sized babycarts same time . 
  the couch-to-5k sounds something i 'd like to try and we live 100meters from crosscountry track so it would be easy to live immediately after baby starts naps and grab the dog along , he would love it . 
  i wonder if there is anything else i could do or maybe suggestions . 
  i really do n't like the gyms , maybe i have been in bad ones only but they give me creepy vibes . 
  more interested just to be healthy and back in bikinishape . 
  i 'd especially like to hear from other mothers how they got back to shape after pregnancy . 
  have you read both original books and translations and what are the differences , what do they translate and do they leave something untranslated ? 
  is there any funny coincidences with language mixes with names ? 
  are you still waiting for adwd translation or do you have it already ? 
  do you read both english and your own language versions or maybe patiently wait for translations ? 
  in finnish version almost everything that means something has been translated . 
  names like snow , stormborn , black walder are all translated , but the official surnames like greyjoy are left . 
  mostly the translation is done smoothly but some names like hot pie , rattleshirt etc are somewhat horrible . 
  i found the name mirri maz duur hilarious since mirri could be translated to pussy which expands the meaning of name so much . 
  also shavepates make me me roll eyes since pate is a common male nickname here so in my head it sounds like shaved ricks or mikes . 
  we do n't have translation for adwd yet so no idea how it will be in final finnish form . 
  the eta for translation is autumn 2013 so not too long wait anymore , although 2 years is a long wait and i like to read books in both original language and my motherstongue . 
  as you all know , you are not allowed to take scissors with you in plane and i do n't want to try my luck with smugling . 
  so here i am , stuck in a plane for 6 hours and week later same 6 hours again . 
  what do you suggest me to do . 
  i 'm decent crocheter who can do granny squares , african flowers etc but those often look lame without colour changes and without scissors they are n't exactly the best option . 
  single coloured motifs for afghans maybe or colour changing yarn are my ideas but do you guys have any other thoughts or maybe ideas to get yarn cut without losing all the skin from my palms . 
  i 'm leaving in few weeks so plenty of time to do preparations , buy yarns and other stuff . 
  hello ladies !, 
  it 's horror and pleasure to be here . 
  hubby and i are both 27 and started to actively try for another kid . 
  our little baby manatee ( no , that 's not her real name but nickname which she got stuck with from pregnancy ) is now 1 year old and we are hoping to get a little sister or brother for her . 
  we had pretty smooth ttc with manatee , she is our own wedding gift from the honeymoon trip ( ttc2 ) . 
  born 9 months after the wedding . 
  since you propably are interested about all signs that showed me the wonders of bfp , here is the deal , there was n't any , to be exact , the only sign was that there was n't even normal pms signs . 
  we have n't been using any contraception but aunt flow took her time and finally came to visit last christmas for a first time after pregnancy . 
  after that my cycle has been kinda mess , anything from 27-49 . 
  now we are having the official ttc1 with ovulation tests !, 
  last week , cd 17 i finally had critical hit from those damned sticks and two red lines so time for some bed gymnastics . 
  i 'm not too hopeful since i 'm still breastfeeding 3-4 times/day but oh dear mother earth , i did n't remember how stressfull this was . 
  dpo 3 and anything even slightly weird feeling in stomach `` oh my , what did i feel , could it be a sign '' . 
  i seriously need someone to smack me in the head every time my mind starts to wonder , especially since last time there was no signs . 
  do you hear me brains ? 
  no signs , so `` sign '' means stay calm and prepare for af . 
  i really hope that i wo n't stay here long , i believe you are all lovely ladies and we all belong to / r/babybumbs , not here . 
  and lastly , the mandatory not native english speaker , sorry for gibberish . 
  it 's cd 27 , so if af is on time , tomorrow should be cd1 gain . 
  tested on the morning with 25miu/ml test and nope , no positive , not even slightly . 
  my dpo is only 10 so i could be hopeful that test was too early but not really feeling like there is a chance anymore . 
  i 'm feeling so negative now . 
  i know it 's technically ttc1 with tracking ovulation etc , but we have n't used any contraceptions after our first one was born so there is over a year when i could have become pregnant . 
  no af for first 9 months of course made the hope of pregnanzy to stay below zero but after that i have been waiting and hoping . 
  our baby group which was bunch of people ( 50 to be exact ) with duedate on 04/2013 has already two new babies born and atleast 5 more incoming , why not me ?
