   for my own experience , periods take 5-7 days but only 4 first nights i need tampon/pad . 
  living . 
  you start to enjoy more and more all those small little things . 
  my grandchildren , they would propably be alive . 
  i try to compliment him every day . 
  short in every way . 
  i see dreams almost every night , it 's pretty cool . 
  when i can i sleep in my back with my leg , usually right one , crossed in a way that knee touches bed but ankle touches the other knee . 
  the left leg is just normally same way you have it when you do sit-ups . 
  since my daughter sneakily cries herself to our bed every night , i usually do n't have room for that and then i just sleep on either of my sides . 
  i often have issues with falling to sleep but after i do , i sleep very well , something like 6-7 hours a night . 
  4mm or 7mm . 
  i would need to decide if i want to do socks or hats , horrible !, 
  yep , a promise was made . 
  well stannis is also current heir to dany so if someone knocks her out of the game there is no more need for this right of conquest discussion . 
  we shall see if they do it same way as theon storyline and we get to see first materials of twow via screen . 
  my food was free but husband had to pay modest fee for sleeping and eating in hospital . 
  take this advice seriously . 
  this is not a show where you can chat with friends about other things than show and leave to refill drink without pausing . 
  it 's easy to get confused so taking notes for names and relations between characters would n't actually be a bad idea . 
  he likes kittens in books . 
  bored readers have made so many conspiration theories about those kittens that you could write another song of claws and fur of those . 
  arya also has some issues with got since series has n't finished and there is serious risk for that character to become crazy assasin/new queen/dead corpse in dirty alley . 
  got is one of the biggest pop culture things at the moment and i would n't like to risk naming my kid to most hated character of ' 10 , althought joffrey seems to hold pretty legit first place still . 
  do n't meen to crush your name ideas , i just thought arya lot by myself when we were picking the names and things i mentioned were the key points of not picking arya . 
  11 days in army camp . 
  during last days i did n't need any equipments to keep my hair properly , they were so dirty that they just stood there . 
  just my opinion but i think friends have lot better translation to other languages . 
  seinfield loses plenty of jokes and puns when translated but friends jokes often work in translations too . 
  other option is that our seinfield translator was crappy and friends was amazing . 
  econpmic depression which ruined at lot of things . 
  finland approximately 1990 -  , our unemployment rate skyrocketed fast from 3,5 % to 18,9 % and and it went under 10 % just in the end of millenium . 
  with that huge amount of families had problems with mortgages and other things . 
  also , in books it 's described that often they started their sexual encounters with cersei playing hard to get and faking some resistance . 
  definately . 
  i think they are trying to give him more screentime since he will only be here one season , so showatchers would root for him more , but most of the orgy part feels like wasting time from other more important scenes . 
  for example 20 seconds more to jaime + cersei sex scene so cersei could have shown some more consent would have been much better for jaimes character developement . 
  maybe he could talk with varys ? 
  yep , that 's must be the dragon we saw in trailer , 
  and where do you get them , i 'm envious !, 
  oh dear , i should n't have checked that , there goes my money !, 
  tired . 
  me and kid both have flue so seemed like we took turns at night waking up to cough . 
  why could n't you ? 
  post stamps are pretty international thing . 
  thank you , have n't seen these before and they are fantastic !, 
  it 's lovely . 
  i 'm stuck with my stegosaurus since had n't had time to buy stuffings , this certainly gives encouragement to gather my lazy ass and finish the puff . 
  congratulations for moving crocheting target !, 
  rock with beign auntie !, 
  lovely colours you have there . 
  how are you doing now ? 
  it 's horrible to see your parent in hospital and for the first time actually realize they can die , maybe not that day but some day . 
  somehow we picture our parents as immortal things who will always be there for us . 
  i wish you and your dad all the best . 
  27f , i already have on and planning on having few more . 
  i love my little one and it 's jsut so amazing to see her learn and grow . 
  on more serious note , check your bank account and your degree before planning on children , studying with kid is hard and slow , even if i have husband with great career . 
  i would n't change a day after her birth but damned if i could i would spank my old self to study faster and finish school before getting pregnant . 
  do n't go to little kids birthday party and plan to do anything productive after that , those things are like walking flue transporters . 
  video about toddler overdosing with heroin or something like that . 
  i 'm no way googling that video for you . 
  nope , but i explain them to myself that since i 'm not from english speaking country , maybe i just do n't get them or pronounce them wrong or something . 
  althea is sooooo lovely name !, 
  * makes notes to namelist *, 
  i have 1 year old . 
  i ' t wonderdful but also all those things you stated . 
  you propably wo n't get enough sleep , but you will make it . 
  you do n't get alone time much but often you do n't even want it . 
  your life will change but it 's not a bad thing . 
  i think it 's important to tell the good and bad stuff , that you will not be only one who is so tired that they feel like collapsing , or having other kind of unwelcome feelings and they are okay . 
  mostly it 's still lovely . 
  for me , having my baby was best thing ever , it was like the center point of gravity changed and it was n't anymore about me , it was all about the baby , in a good way . 
  i love her and her little ways of doing things . 
  first month she was just there , staring me and wanting to sleep or food or someone just to hold her . 
  then she started smiling , started to respond , found her hands and something even more curious , her feets !, 
  then she starts to crawl around and you are trying to stay one step forward making home babysafe . 
  your life is an adventure and you are helping the main protaginist to start their journey . 
  also i just have to say , even though i love my husband , love towards my child is something way bigger . 
  lo ca n't do anything so wrong i would abandon her . 
  husband , there is limits to love , he could do something so unforgivable that i would stop loving him ( hopefully that 's not going to happen ) , but lo , no way , i can be angry at her but it will never take away my love . 
  just experiencing that love you can have in yourself is fantastic , wonderful and even scary . 
  i like petra , it is very international name and has roots in so many other places than just mexico . 
  for girls real options would be ellaria , lyanna , arianne , alayne , catelyn , jeyne , roslin , summer , gilly . 
  these are all pretty much certain to not turn in to serial killers or common enought to not beign obvious asoaf names . 
  i love arya and sansa as a name but their stories are n't yet finished so i would n't take risk . 
  also rhaella is nice but bit weird maybe ? 
  for boys : jaime , robb , robert , jon , ned , renly , bran . 
  i think davos , victarion , aemon and rickon are bit grey area . 
  awesome names but too risky : stannis , tywin , rhaegar . 
  or you could always pick hot pie !, 
  27 , female , married with children from finland , should we have some kind of minority parade ? 
  i have seen one and it was done bit after puberty because of health problems . 
  but seriously , i wonder all this reasoning that it 's unhealthy and unsanitary to not circumcise , how do those people think european males are mostly fine with uncircumcised ? 
  finland, 
  `` uhm , should the baby look so blue ? '', 
  or anything else indicating life threatening situation for baby or/and mother . 
  focus more on studies and choose a different field . 
  i 'm really wondering should i skip army or not , it kinda was waste of time but also i learned lot about myself . 
  since husband and kid are visiting relatives , i would wake up alone and be very confused to wake up and see all these toys and other kid stuff everywhere .
