  that friend also came with me to first ultrasound at week 8 because my husband could n't make it and saw the tiny little heart beats . 
  so many tears of joy . 
  she is golden . 
  also she is the only one who knows that we are trying for another besides reddit . 
  i told to my another friend because i needed a drive to doctor one day before that ultrasound . 
  he kept the secret properly . 
  after that ultrasound we told to our immident families and siblings . 
  i was planning to keep it secret from rest of the world until second trimester but my mom begged that she could reveal it as her birthday present when it was 11 +2 and i thought it was okay . 
  for facebook , nope , i only announced giving birth and all my friends who knew where kind enough to not discuss about it on public posts . 
  absolutely stunning . 
  your hair looks so healthy and cute , how do you take care of it ? 
  mine seems to look like stack of hays more than hair . 
  i was dianosed very late , something like week 37 . 
  since it was so late they just told me to cut off all the sugary treats like chocolate , ice cream and following very stricktly the gd diet . 
  rest of the pregnancy went well , zero complications with labour and baby was born 40 +0 3455g 51cm so totally normal size . 
  you just have to take it one month at a time . 
  some months it 's bit better and some worse . 
  only advice i can give is that do n't put your life on hold until there is positive test . 
  if it takes longer to conceive you will regret all those skipped sushis , wine glasses , what ever . 
  typically my husband and/or dog snoring . 
  unhappy sloth , lying in uncomfortable surface whining . 
  it may start withouth any notable signs . 
  i had zero signs of giving birth when i went to sleep and three hours later woke up because my water broke . 
  try to stay positive < 3, 
  interesting , i loved fitz althought he had his martyr moments . 
  this does n't apply everywhere . 
  us propably but come to smaller countries where there is less 100 puppies of certain breed born to breeders yearly and suddenly there is n't much of a choise . 
  i love this , so minimalistic and smart !, 
  there was same kind of discussion months ago and someone thought dh ment dick holder . 
  i thought it was awesome . 
  i 'm supposed to have o tomorrow and waiting for that . 
  then ** the rant ** i 'm sorry , this it bit hateful towards people with fast bfps . 
  at the moment i 'm so pissed off that ca n't even care about getting myself pregnant . 
  reason to be pissed off ? 
  our `` trying for second one '' group had 3 , three !!!, 
  bfps today . 
  well bfp is always nice , is n't it . 
  yes it is but those were from cycles 2,3 and 2 . 
  i 'm so freaking jealous that i 'm going to punch the wall or break few plates or i could skin a bear alive . 
  it shoul be my turn !, 
  or atleast turn for those few other girls who are in cycles 8 and 11 , ^ not ^ for ^ some ^ newbie ^ who ^ barely ^ even ^ found ^ out ^ how ^ to ^ check ^ if ^ you ^ are ^ pregnant ^ or ^ not . 
  i 'm propably happy for them tomorrow but today , i 'm just so so so jealous . 
  hang in there , 10dpo is really early to show anything . 
  i 'd like to say it 's too early and do n't test but who am i kidding , i usually test first time exatly 10dpo to get that negative so i can relax for few more days and mentally prepare for af ( or surprise positive , who knows ) . 
  good luck , fingers crossed for you !, 
  i was thinking same . 
  or does it count magazines ? 
  i ca n't imagine picking book up without having atleast half hour to read . 
  now . 
  he has been gone too long for people to even remember this joke . 
  we do n't have exact screen time and she can watch moomins if she wants to and play with tablet but usually she is only interested to listening to music from those . 
  http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2014/06/30/ comic concerning topic, 
  this . 
  it definately came as a shock that i ca n't just look at the calender and think `` yeah , winter or spring baby would be nice '' . 
  it 's so hard to remember that it is not my fault or husbands fault or anyone elses fault , these things just happen . 
  still , i 'd like to whack those people who just smile and say that you should just stop stressing and it will happen . 
  to be brutally honest , for some people , especially since it seems like you got lucky with first cycle , the first bfp post is the moment you start to tick them off . 
  it 's just jealousy , nothing personal , but you have something that we do n't but we want to have . 
  / r/babybumps is a lovely community , go and visit them . 
  i had o and we managed to make best of it . 
  now my watch begins . 
  i love all the feelings . 
  how much i can love someone , how proud i can be of their every achievement , how interesting they make the world since for them there is n't the same old things , everything is new and impressive . 
  how long does it take to make one approximately ? 
  those look so impressive but time consuming . 
  thank you !, 
  anything less than 10 hours seems reasonable when budgeting time for christmas presents . 
  i got ta agree . 
  those posters who get lucky with cycles 1 or even 2 just make me jealous . 
  even worse that i have been part of that club with my first child coming from cycle 2 . 
  now i 'm starting to understand that i knew nothing about how to get pregnant and how bad those bfns felt . 
  all my friends from my firstborns baby group are pregnant or already had second child and here i am , sulking in the corner whining for more ice cream to numb the pain . 
  i 'm thankful that you posted this op , it 's something i have been thinking to post but did n't know how to word without sounding like hateful bitch . 
  that 's what you get when you are trying to translate your feelings to different language . 
  in meanwhile , my personal opinion about this whole ttc thing and all bfns in my motherlanguage : perkele . 
  agreed . 
  i was so pissed off to see someone having bfp from first cycle and wrote something like `` i think there is so much to share and help from my journey '' exactly what journey ??? 
  if you are that lucky you have n't had single bfns you really have pretty much nothing to advice . 
  i need to disagree . 
  there is plenty of nice places in reddit , you just need to find them . 
  pretty much any default sub is too huge to keep rude people away but many smaller communities are lovely . 
  please not here . 
  this is my toddlers favourite video and everytime i 'm watching something not so interesting according to her , she comes to shout next to me `` pomppu pomppu pomppu '' and wants to see this . 
  that 's very honourable goal , may the ice cream flow and chocolate be plentyful . 
  find tolerable man to marry and leave the kingslanding for someone actually capable of ruling . 
  good luck with filling those rooms . 
  i hope i 'll have my positive before next spring since we are going to change our car . 
  we have been looking for those cars with 7 seats and only have one kid at the moment so i guess our wish for big family will be known . 
  i think it would be nicer to have them here , this way we could get more positive or atleast different kind of content instead of all that what op already mentioned . 
  stop waiting , for spoken language that was exactly how it could have been written . 
  of course there is plenty of other variations for each dialects . 
  i sincerely hope not . 
  h\u00e4kkinen made it from -95 adelaide which was last race of the season to melbourne -96 which was the opening race of the next season . 
  ca n't really compare the injuries with so little information but h\u00e4kkinen suffered head trauma and was in coma . 
  so there is still hope . 
  sorry to be that guy but it get 's worse and worse every cycle . 
  dpo5 , it feels like time is crawling or even moving backwards . 
  i promised myself that sunday is the first day i 'm allowed to test if it feels like right thing to do . 
  i just wish that this would be the cycle . 
  what really makes me moody is my daughter .
