  i just focus on the fact that i know i want more kids and i have succesfully kept first one alive and pretty happy . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  it sucks big time . 
  we had same thing at cycle 7 . 
  i really hope that sticky baby thing will work out for you . 
  mine did n't and instead made my cycle little wonky and few days longer so i have been having these stupid `` af is late and test is negative '' moments . 
  i do n't get this mask unless it has something to do with hannibal lecter . 
  could someone give reference if i 'm not right ? 
  oh dear , i had forgotten those whispers in vanilla asking if i 'm holy or shadow and if i wanted to come and heal . 
  it was awesome !, 
  swingtimers and counting them . 
  i remember playing my alt hunter during tbc and whole zul ` aman just going `` 1,2,3 shoot , 1,2,3 shoot '' in my head to time shots with autoshot . 
  same thing was with warriors atleast . 
  there was ? 
  someone should have told me this years ago . 
  now i feel like a moron . 
  yes !, 
  and every time your weapon changed you had to learn new cycle . 
  for first half year only one friend knew . 
  when i got pregnant i told to another friend . 
  after mc we told to my mil and fil since my sil is pregnant with almost same duedate as my pregnancy was and we wanted to avoid those `` so when are you getting second kid '' discussions . 
  i told to my sister after she asked if we want to have her babys stuff since they are n't getting anymore kids . 
  i 'm actually happy that we told , now that the subject is out and everyone pretty much avoids even mentioning babies around us ( because mc ) it 's kinad easier to breath around them . 
  i do n't care about surprise bfp announcements . 
  i do want to make some kind of announcement but i think most of people know that we want more kids so only the timing will be surprise anyway . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  those early miscarriages/chemical pregnancies are real losses still . 
  even if it was short time , there was the idea and dream of baby and now it 's gone . 
  it 's alright to mourn for those dreams . 
  i had same thing at same cycle as you are , only mine took 6 days from positive to bleeding to start . 
  during 7 cycles there is already pretty huge pressure that you should be pregnant already , everyone else is posting those bfp posts and they have tried only few cycles . 
  atleast i felt that i had earned my positive at that point and being back to square one was horrible . 
  mental healing may take time and this may or may not mess your cycle . 
  good luck to you and take care of yourself . 
  i had only told for few friends . 
  after mc i just sent text message saying `` there wo n't be a summer baby for us . 
  please do n't talk to me about this if i do n't initiate the discussion . '', 
  there has n't been a single mention about mc , only one message few days later . 
  `` just wanted to know how you are doing , i 'm here if you want to talk about books , movies or anything else ! '', 
  i love that girl . 
  i had heard that too and looking at my flair , af had n't . 
  halfway of third cycle after it . 
  he is badass and still treats you as his equal , why would n't you drool over him ? 
  i loved them too but i alwasy ran in guild group . 
  if i had pugged them it would have been horrible experiment more than likely . 
  dh is awesome when you think it 's dick holder instead of dear husband . 
  germany talked with southern accent is much more romantic sounding than french or italian combined . 
  i had friends who came from south germany and their talking was like honey for my ears . 
  yes you should . 
  i was thinking same thoughts about trip i had few months ago since i was supposed to be heavily pregnant by then . 
  here i am , not even pregnant yet . 
  it would have been frustarating to cancel our participation and see rest of the family going to vacation while not even having that reason to cancel . 
  from 16 to 20 i was so stereotypical attention whore gamer girl who `` hates drama '' meaning i was the drama . 
  i admit , picking smallest possible top and non existing skirts for lans did work as a tactic to get attention and be carried through games and everyone was so helpful but definitely not my proudest moment when looking back . 
  tested it , buying supersaver deals of tampons and pads does n't work . 
  during pregnancy , i had never issues to paint my toenails , shave my legs or other stuff that pregnant women tell that they ca n't do because tummy is too big . 
  also no strech marks . 
  can i be optimistic and say winds of the winter ? 
  there is nothing to be ashamed but some of us want to mourn in silence . 
  i had only told few people before mc did n't want to talk with even them about it . 
  it was relief that most people did n't know since talking about it hurt way too much . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i 'm in kinda same situation . 
  my friend has exact same duedate as i had and i just hate those status updates about her morning sickness , how all of her pants are too small and everything . 
  ca n't really say anything smart to you , just lots of hugs and luck for you . 
  i had opposite , o was 3 days early and it was actually first day i tested during this cycle . 
  thank god we had started bd routine few days earlier . 
  i do n't know what to think , in last cycle o was bit late and so were the periods but after cp/mc , there has n't been yet a completely `` normal '' cycle for me . 
  now i do n't know what i will do if after dpo 14 tests are still blank . 
  i 'm having negative attititude now , just get over with few more cycles so we can get to clinic to start testing for infertility issues . 
  kinda hopeless feeling . 
  atleast now i 'm adamant that i 'm not going to test before dpo 14 , less time i know about cp the better if that happens again . 
  atleast in my are doctors wo n't test or treat you before 1 year of trying unless you have other reasons to be worried about your infertility , like pcos or 35 + years old mother-to-be . 
  only thing you are missing from testig is chemical pregnancies and trust me , you are glad to miss them . 
  another poster in other thread said it well . 
  even with completely balanced dice you wo n't roll 6 every time . 
  it may take only one roll or it may take 10 rolls but it does n't mean dice is broken . 
  for normal people , it is just pure luck to conceive and that is why doctors advice to try your luck for year before starting to doubt something is wrong . 
  i know it is harsh but just be patient . 
  feeling frustrated . 
  i have already given up for this cycle and it 's only dpo 7 . 
  i 'm just waiting for the next few cycles to pass so i can call to infertility clinic for check up . 
  starting to feel so hopeless . 
  just like you said . 
  we know accidents happen but please do n't rub them on our faces . 
  as another finn , saying `` so '' in the beginning is something that could directly be translated from finnish to english . 
  it 's bit like when you hear eastern europeans talk english and they often say `` i was so late , no . 
  this thing works , yes '' . 
  it works in our grammar and can be easily translated so it 's kinda like making english feel more finnish . 
  are n't there sticks that can be directly peed and sticks that you need to dip ? 
  i just thought they have different brand than what i regurarily use . 
  hang in there , i 'm gon na test in 5 days too and the wait is triving me nuts . 
  good luck for you , you have certainly been patient enough to geet your christmas present . 
  i like to use opk 's . 
  gives me enough information but not too much like temping propably would . 
  i 'd stress every abnormal temperature . 
  after cp/mc , i have no urge to go through it again . 
  testing when periods really are late causes so much less pain than thinking for 6 days that you are pregnant , reserving every possible ultrasound , doctor etc just to cancel them all next week while crying hysterically . 
  it means everything is open for talk without tags . 
  it was chris .
