  ouch , sounds like horrible place to work for that day . 
  i hope your head is getting better . 
  nappies are suprisingly easy and small babies do n't move so much so you 'll have time to learn !, 
  good luck !, 
  waiting on update !, 
  oh dear , that does n't sound pleasant either . 
  one hour walk with dog should have done the trick but nope . 
  definitely pregnancy hormons rather . 
  well , as long as i have those dreams i know everything is fine even though all other symptoms are pretty minimal . 
  i really hope so too . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm keeping hope up for you . 
  i have never had strong pregnancy symptoms and in another world without any losses it would be awesome but i know how scary it is that only proof of being pregnant is that you peed on a stick . 
  great to hear that you got to see little one !, 
  is it possible to just check by to listen heartbeat ? 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  those feelings of your sound so familiar . 
  afterwe lost uljas i had so many mild panic attacks when it felt like someone was crunching my chest and/or strangling me . 
  all those worries and fears are totally understandable and potential cancer with risk of losing fertility , no wonder you are feeling bad . 
  i hope you get time sooner and you get cleared out for ttc . 
  wohoo , no nightmares last night !, 
  also me and kiddo were able to buy some more christmas present today . 
  done with almost half of the presents . 
  same way people who have more than one child , quickly while kids are sleeping !, 
  have fun !, 
  i try to be early with those so i can just wander around in shops and if i see something fitting i buy it . 
  if i leave those for last week it becomes mission of just finding something tolerable instead of something i think receiver will really appreciate . 
  good luck !, 
  i seem to be bit out of loop , what is going on with you ? 
  he really wants to have more room i see . 
  good that your appointment went well and you like your midwife !, 
  fingers crossed . 
  first trimester is so freaking scary . 
  even while second and third is scary too , during first trimester everything is so fragile . 
  you are definitely having symptoms so that is great !, 
  i hope you can calm down and worry little less soon . 
  damn , sounds like you are having tough time . 
  i hope things get back to normal fast !, 
  thumbs up for you !, 
  sorry for your losses but congratulations for your results , they sound like awesome !, 
  welcome to lurk and maybe write in alumni thread when you are ready !, 
  sounds like you are in good hands !, 
  nice to hear such a great news !, 
  hang in there . 
  being scared and worried really takes icing from this cake called pregnancy . 
  i hope rest of the pregnancy will be smooth and you get all those awesome symptoms like energetic second trimester and lovely nesting spree and skip all boring stuff like back pain . 
  anyone wan na trade excessive cervical mucus for nausea or something ? 
  i want proper symptoms and not ones that are always `` omg was it just cm or blood ? '', 
  atleast tomorrow we are at half way of first trimester , 6 more weeks to go !, 
  we can do it = eat every possible comfort food you can imagine !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  but some cycle will be different , so why not 19 ? 
  i 'll keep hope up for you . 
  info :, 
  * [ pattern ] ( https://www.novitaknits.com/fi/fi/node/93/instructions ), 
  this was my first shot ever with cables and while in the end it was so simple , damn the first few rows were killing me . 
  sorry for pattern being in finnish , if someone wants to try this , i can try to help with translating . 
  these were so slow to make , approximately 1 inch / 1 hour . 
  difficulty was ranked for hard but i do n't think that was true , it was just slow to make mostly . 
  absolutely if you just have patience . 
  one full cable part was 2 inches so i think it would be easy to modify . 
  just do n't give yourself too tight schedule while making these . 
  3 months in real time but in raw hours i 'd estimate 50 hours . 
  1inch/hour was pretty much the speed . 
  pretty nice i think !, 
  not weird or disturbing at least . 
  absolutely , although it would have scared me more than difficulty rating . 
  i had never done cables before , just basic socks . 
  so as long as you follow pattern like religion you should be fine . 
  awesome !!, 
  and seriously , you do n't have to tell gender , just say if you are looking for pink or blue clothes !, 
  i have had that , i actually had issues to feel movements of baby because if heard and felt my pulse and could n't be sure if it was kicks or pulse i was feeling . 
  yey , i hope things will go well . 
  i 'm in same boat with your husband , i refuse to have sex before ultra since i know seeing even slight spotting will make me go crazy for days . 
  please take pictures , please , you will never get another chance to take those for this pregnancy . 
  i 'm so angry and sad that i never took any while expecting for uljas . 
  even more angry because i had graduation party but my husband only took pictures of kids playing there . 
  ffs , it was my graduation party and i was in two pictures and sitting so you ca n't see bump at all . 
  i 'm clearly jumping ahead of things . 
  already panicking if i get to have this years maternity package or 2016 model . 
  i really like colours this year and usually they change package around february , which is exactly when i will be far enough to get one . 
  yeah , this [ one ] ( http://www.kela.fi/web/en/maternitypackage ) . 
  it is in english , hurray !, 
  i personally have n't used it as a crib but i know many who have . 
  for example they have normal crib in nursery but that sturdy box is easy to carry around if you have two floor house so you do n't need to leave baby alone in other floor . 
  that teehee was clearly code word for tepee , congratulations for a boy !, 
  linked below in comments . 
  it is a one of those dirty communist things . 
  i think it actually is good idea since you should use one if you want to have sex before post party 's bleeding is over and also prevents irish twins . 
  my dog did n't like those though and ripped the package . 
  ouch , schs are tough . 
  almost every kind of blood is okay if there is no pain , unless it seems like infected , as in smells foul . 
  i hope it goes away soon . 
  wall of text but i 'm , proud of my country concerning taking care of children . 
  we have pretty awesome system for children . 
  pretty much everything related to them is free or atleast adjusted to your wages . 
  maternity leave starts 30 work days before your due date which lasts for ~ 4 months , then parental leave until child is approximately 9 months old . 
  after that you can stay at home ( like me ) until kid turns into 3 year old and receive govermental allowance for raising kid at home which is also partially based on your income . 
  if you get minimun , you can still live with it if you are frugal and it also allows parents who have well paying job to stay at home since they also usually have bigger mortgages and other expences to pay . 
  then there is paternal leave , 3 weeks after baby is born .
