  * brienne of tarth, 
  i sense plenty of brothely love in here . 
  get a nice stool , it will help . 
  think positively , the belly will keep you warm . 
  i did n't even shiver last winter and had due date in beginning of april . 
  when looking for a winter jacket , try to get one with buttons ending before belly so you can use it during pregnancy and also after . 
  if you happen to fall , there will be enough snow to soften the landing . 
  more positive thoughts , you will save with clothes since during summer you wo n't need so many layers for the baby and the growth spurt will slow down in the end of summer . 
  best regards from finland . 
  do n't worry too much , you have your own heat generator with you . 
  do n't assume your favourite sports are loved by everyone . 
  i hated volleyball and half of the girls in our class were playing it on national level and our teacher was coaching them . 
  so what did we do in every p.e class ? 
  fucking volleyball . 
  i loved when we got a new teacher and in the beginning of semester she made us to write list of sports we would want to try ( realistical list , no scuba-diving when nearest place for that was 3 hours journey etc ) . 
  then we tried almost everything from combined list . 
  change is good , change is refreshing and nice !, 
  snow white and seven sharks, 
  i stopped blaming everyone else from my struggles . 
  it was suprisingly peacefull feeling when i started to accept the fact that this is my life , i 'm responsible about the decisions i make and i can make a change in it if i need to . 
  i was maybe 4 or 5 . 
  everybody know big bad wolf and the disney version zeke wolf . 
  i was in the dark forest and he was just slowly strafing ( yes , strafing in cartoon and gaming like manner ) towards me behind the trees . 
  he never caught me but i was just frozen in fear when he would lurk there and come closer while having that horrible smile of his . 
  it is also the first dream i remember . 
  adrenalin . 
  less than half year ago i noticed the n in the word . 
  always have been saying adrealin . 
  definately cheese . 
  those plain normal cheese taste like rubber boot compared to good gouda . 
  pay off my immediate familys debts and let them choose a nice house where ever they wanted it . 
  then i would donate some to my rpg club so we could afford have our big gartherings in better places and with fancier food . 
  for the rest of the money , i 'd like to give it to my old high school , they are in money problems due to merging counties and few millions would easily ensure that they could keep going . 
  gwendolyn is lovely !, 
  it immediately creates nice picture of a fair maiden and later sweet cozy older lady . 
  you can give excellent back massages just by sitting in top of someone and wiggling !, 
  besides things that are already mentioned : people do n't believe you are pregnant before last few months and because of that i got ugly stares when saying that i can not lift something or using elevator etc. 
  ( + side , pregnancy gains were lost in 4 months while eating tons of chocolate . ), 
  my baby to grow up , not to hurry her but to get to know her better . 
  how many kids do you want ( if you want any ) and what would you name them ? 
  happy birthday !, 
  please tell us the most notorius event from you birthdays ? 
  i had one hour of complete freedom to go shopping or eating or do what ever i wished . 
  finland here . 
  my baby is now 4 1/2 months old . 
  from the beginning of pregnancy till this day my total bill is ~ 300 $ . 
  most of it comes from the hospital stay while giving birth . 
  the bill includes :, 
  * approximately 15 check ups during pregnancy and two ultra scans . 
  * birth , which was very standard procedure , no need for a doctor except the 5min when he gave epidural and 15 min when she checked the baby before we left . 
  ( different doctors , thus he and she ) . 
  we were 4 days in hospital , we had family room so my husband could also stay there , 2 warm meals + breakfast and evening snacks for both of us . 
  * week after leaving hospital nurse came to our house to check the baby so we would n't have to travel . 
  * after that once a month check ups . 
  * also dental care during pregnancy is included . 
  i have been quite lucky with neighbours , they have been silent and very well hidden , except this one guy . 
  he seemed to be great fan of spanish opera , would blast it like the ghetto guys blast rap and sang along . 
  unluckily for him , he was a horrible singer . 
  the effect was improver with the fact that he liked to do this almost at midnight . 
  poor fellow , he just wanted to sing . 
  both arms . 
  i 'm gon na cheat here , with my awesome hypermobility i can do most of the stuff with my legs too , for example eating . 
  i guess if forced i could learn to write too . 
  and knowing my dog , he would be awful seeing eye dog so better see myself . 
  me too . 
  :( wan na team up , maybe one of us will survive if we split ? 
  i do n't sweat much and i love green clothes so the choice is easy !, 
  sexually deprived . 
  person who i love . 
  lucid dreams , i already have those and most of the time remember them . 
  ti1 - `` new hope '', 
  ti2 - `` china strikes back '', 
  ti3 - `` the return of the europe '', 
  giving birth to world biggest baby without c-section . 
  my gret great ... great grandfather henrik wrede saved king of sweden carl ix by sacrificing his own life and because of that king gave his widow title and lands . 
  funny twist , my family had been living in same city for few generations when my parents moved to a small county without any relatives near nor any connections . 
  after a while someone in my family did the research and found out about henrik wrede . 
  the area which had been given to his widow was exactly where we had moved . 
  another funny thing about this . 
  when my brother was ~ 8 their class had a vacation to one of the biggest mansions of wrede . 
  they had a little treasure hunt game there and introductions told that only blood of wrede could freely move in the courtyard without fearing the ghost of wrede . 
  well my brother knew about his ancestor and was very positive that they would find the treasure in no time . 
  my mom was luckily one of the overseers during the trip and hurrily told to the guys who were leading the treasure hunt that there is this one kid who actually needs to have clear way . 
  definately this . 
  i usually start my christmas count down during summer and i am already singing christmas songs and knitting presents . 
  also i have already bought some gifts from sales . 
  re-read everything !, 
  well ghost and summer are fine . 
  i could see them spending atleast seasons 5 and 6 with those books . 
  i guess they are talking with grrm if twow will make it before season 7 . 
  otherwise they could try strech affc+adwd hover up till season 7 to give him some more writing time . 
  there is still major plotlines to follow like : [ spoilers all ] ( #b '' iron islands , dorne , tyrions travels especially with young griff and extra note that they will separate in two different storylines later , aryas journey , stannis + jon and everything in wall , davos and frey pie , sansa with littlefinger , quentyn martell , brienne storyline , sams journey and studies , all the kingslanding stuff , dany drooling over daario and i guess there is something i certainly forgot '' ), 
  so what i 'm trying to say , they have plenty of story left before catching grrm and that 's propably something they are trying to avoid . 
  well rickon was n't mentioned in earlier list so did n't list him here either . 
  shaggy is fine , do n't worry !, 
  i 'd like to have a source . 
  aborting for mothers health reasons in thirds trimester sounds awful and actually bit illogical when they can save babies who are born in the end of second . 
  none , my mother declared that i 'm a girl before she was pregnant and did n't even bother to confirm it on the ultrasound because she was so adamant . 
  well , she was right . 
  i 'm finnish and here are some of my favourites , adding explanations/translations if there is one .
