  i warmly still suggest to try it . 
  of course you can , atleast in my hospital it was possible . 
  i was there way too long trying to find that all-good feeling that other women describe they have in tub . 
  that 's why i wanted to share my side of the story , there is plenty of ways to give birth and to ease the pain so do n't be too stubborn to try method that is n't obviously working for you . 
  i love the fact that he also counts tyrion as an option to flee towards , not from . 
  oh honey , i 'm sure you look fantastic . 
  bump size does n't really correlate to baby size much . 
  and those pictures in google wo n't usually tell the beginning size and height of the mother . 
  of course if you are 150cm baby needs to make room outside more than 175cm . 
  if there is only some issues which cause you to think negatively on these questions , you should ask that how your so is thinking . 
  i 'm one of those who need some alone time everyday ( great trait for sahm ) but my husband loves to take kid out after work day so i get my own time . 
  and seriously , all there are n't dealbreaker questions . 
  i do n't want to come out like selling you the idea of having kids , but if i would have had to answer these questions i would have thought i would be horrible mother . 
  it 's lot to do with your support net , your so and just ability to adabt . 
  i agree . 
  my friend was one of those who tied her tubes after 2 kids at the age of 25 . 
  `` never ever more '' . 
  now when she is 35 she is payng plenty of money for ivf and is expecting her number 4 . 
  i 'm trying to say that do n't burn bridges , you may regret it later . 
  did n't you know periods affect the rate of your drone spawning ? 
  but seriously , fuck this shit , my boobs have nothing to do with my apm . 
  i have always have low sex drive . 
  i almost never get horny and i do n't `` need '' sex . 
  it 's not actually that horrible , husband can suggest when he would like to have sex and usually i 'm fine with it and after we start in few minutes i 'm into it . 
  now when we are tcc i just inform him that `` this week we will have sex monday , wednesday and friday and if opk shows positive on skip day , also then . '', 
  you do n't always have to looks sex from passions point of view . 
  it can also be rational . 
  i 'm gon na be so dissapointed after this cycle if we once again fail . 
  this is definately last cycle where we will have chance to have less that 2 years apart with kids . 
  we have already buried our wish to have baby before we need to move to different town , so now we will have different hospital , different people , different everything . 
  i 'm trying to have positive outlook but after the horrible last cycle there is n't much left . 
  i did n't even get to tww in last cycle . 
  people are also starting to hint more and more that they are expecting us to be expecting . 
  why did i ever say that we want to have 3 or 4 kids , everyone can do the math that age caps of 2 , 3 at max would be preferable when taking our ages into account . 
  it 's finnish song from brothers point of view . 
  it tells about girl who makes suicide , dad is drunk in funerals as he usually always is . 
  then parents divorce , dad moves to sweden , they live under poverty in too cold house . 
  mother finally dies and there is once again funerals , this time the second brother is drunk and crying . 
  it has very lovely calm melody and i really love the song but i soon need to quit singing it before she starts to understand it . 
  since i play video games , i must be guy . 
  if they get over the fact that i 'm not , i must either be super hot or fat . 
  just plain `` mom ! '', 
  the son of davos . 
  that you do n't have to feel like adult to be one . 
  cute puppies and kittens all over the place . 
  not at all but mine was noticed so late ( wekk 38 ) that nothing could really be done anymore than very controlled diet until delivery . 
  i was n't induced , lo was born 40 +0 and was completely average size with zero issues . 
  i just got ta say that 2 months is way too short time to evaluate real changes and the body she has at that point wo n't be same where she is living when her kid has their first birthday . 
  my kid is now 15 months and my body , well , i 'd say it 's better than before pregnancy , only difference is boob size but i still breastfeed so you ca n't really count that . 
  2 months is still counted to be normal baby blues period when your hormones go whacko , baby weight is still there and by biology , it 's still supposed to be there so you have stored fat to breastfeed a baby . 
  some strechmarks will totally fade away and those which stay will be less visible . 
  you need to give your body some time to adjust and reverse changes . 
  it took 9 months to develope these `` issues '' , it will take the same to get rid of all of them . 
  same , cd10 and waiting for o. 
  my cycle has been a mess so anything from cd10-17 in completely possible , i could pee on money instead of sticks and same effect ... 
  it really would n't work . 
  family moves from turku to joensuu and suddenly there is bunch of kids who have started with swedish but should swap to russian ? 
  you managed to keep those octagons so healthy looking , mine are always way too streched with too much stuffing . 
  most redditors see just weird combination of letters , but for finns , it 's dead give away that i 'm one myself . 
  men : upgrade your dog !, 
   do you really think it 's ok to let her sit in a dirty diaper ? 
  everything i 've ever read or heard suggests that knowingly letting a baby sit in poop is neglect/abuse . 
  it wo n't kill her if you let her sleep her naps before changing . 
  of course you need to watch out if there is diaper rash or irritation . 
  my baby has pooped way too many times in car without me noticing it and i have no idea if she had that dirty diaper for 5 minutes or 2 hours . 
  as / u/tippytoez said , if it does n't bother her , let her sleep . 
  oh honey , if you are short ofcourse you will show faster , where else the baby would fit ? 
  i 'm certain that you and your bumb look beautiful and you should be proud that baby is growing strong , taking his space . 
  it 's stunning and more than all , finally in the skill level that i can relate !, 
  i used babywearing a lot . 
  when walking a dog , it was so much easier to carry baby than use strollers . 
  we also visited few conventions when she was 3-4 months old and there was absolutely no room for strollers . 
  also housework was so much faster and easier to do when baby wanted to be near and did n't soothe in crib . 
  finland , for girls amanda , amalia , emma , aino , venla , sofia . 
  especially amalia is everywhere , if not first name then second . 
  for boys , onni , leo , elias , oliver , eetu , v\u00e4in\u00f6 . 
  i 'm bit unhappy with onni , it 's my grandfathers name but being in top 5 for last 5-10 years it feels bit too popular . 
  does n't matter much , more like i would be very happy if my kids daycare would have few males too to give positive role model and not just women . 
  everybody is alive who were alive in the beginning of serie according to spoiler policy . 
  homesupport is bit under 350 $ , if your family has very low income you can apply for extra support . 
  some cities also pay extra money if you have all your childrens home and not in public kindergarden . 
  here is the summary of history in english . 
  2013-2014 winter was one of the warmest , it really does n't give justice to real winter . 
  it actually has tootbrush for baby . 
  you can choose 2 boxes and one for the lump amount of money . 
  extra set of clothes can be nice if baby pukes all over outdoor clothes . 
  my daughter was a brilliant burber , it was almost like projectile vomit often . 
  5 outfits were n't often enough for one day . 
  if i remember right , after 24 weeks check up you get doctors note that you are pregnant and you can send it to kela my box took less than few weeks to come . 
  anyway it was fixed amount of days you needed to be pregnant . 
  some people wait before sending if there is new maternity package coming and they want it instead of the old one since they give all old ones away before starting to give new . 
  after arriving to hospital , i was first in tube for few hours , for my personal experience it was n't really helping . 
  then i tried nitrous oxide ( not sure how it translates , in finnish its ilokaasu = joy gas ) but it was n't exactly success . 
  my problem was that i was shaking like no tomorrow in between contractions so i did n't have any peaceful moment without pain so we finally desided to get epidural . 
  it was heaven . 
  i had already been up from 03 when my water broke , in pain from 06 and finally at 13 i was pain free , i was even able to take nap . 
  i had oxytocin at that point too , here they always give it with epidural . 
  i do n't know if my labour took longer because of epidural , i was really slow anyway and midwife said thatd i was fighting too hard against the shaking that it was slowing down everything . 
  after secon epidural started to wore of we were finally in phase two so i was allowed to move a bit again and try ball etc. 
  i have problem with my joints so finally ended up back in bed since i just could put any weight on my leg when pushing started .
