  for some reason it seems to be logical conclusion for everyone that because we have one , we want atleast two . 
  technically it is true , we want more . 
  it just is n't that easy , one mc and one buried child later ( late loss ) i hate those questions from people who do n't know what is going on asking . 
  then they act like i 'm the mean one when i tell that we buried our son last summer . 
  people just ca n't keep their noses out of other peoples life . 
  mostly right . 
  still , earplugs wont give you much more sleep since usually babies eat almost every 3 hour and feast can continue from 5 minutes to hours . 
  there are of course unicorns who start to sleep 8 hours straight at the ripe age of 2 weeks . 
  uhm , why did n't they give you pill to stop milk from coming ? 
  i got that one and had zero milk after loss at 19 +0 . 
  i have n't leaked during pregnancies but after that i could woke up from pool of milk if boobs were in wrong position . 
  i found three solutions . 
  towels as you said , using nursingbra and pads every night ( best one for me ) and buying those plastic sheets that you use in kids bed when they are not totally night dry . 
  last one did n't save sheets but was most comfortable . 
  bet you are obesessed , even i am obsessively waiting for you updates , it is so rare to get to even follow triplet pregnancy and there you are , experiencing it first hand !, 
  interesting . 
  did n't experience any side effect but with grieve , double antibiotics , blood loss and everything they should had been quite strong for me to notice them . 
  sorry , have n't been active here much lately but i 'm just too exhausted/busy . 
  everything is going okay . 
  today is already 11w and less than week for nt-scan . 
  last fridays us went fine but gyn also checked from inside which cause lot of spotting for next few days . 
  it just seems like i have very tender area there and everything besides normal walking causes small injuries in veins and causes spotting . 
  while it is nice to know why there is spotting , of course it sucks . 
  it is common but very hurtful way for listing it in medical records . 
  i have friend who has `` habitual aborter '' in her files because she has had several miscarriages . 
  it is horrible imo . 
  not sure about pap smears , have n't paid attention but i have always been very easy to bruise and my periods have been modest 7 days longs so i guess i just bleed bit easier . 
  yeah they have , i have pretty high iron for woman actually . 
  of course i will tell all the milestones !, 
  me , for first few weeks after positive test i saw nightmares about mc or my daughter dying almost every night . 
  now they are only like once a week stuff . 
  still horrible . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  i lost my son at 19w after losing one pregnancy in first trimester . 
  those were the darkest weeks of my life . 
  grieve is like rock in your pocket , at first you notice it all the time , sharp corners hurt you and it feels so heavy . 
  slowly those sharp edges start to soften and you wo n't remember that stone every second . 
  then you just put your hand on the pocket while minding your own business and there it is , the rock and it hits hard again that you are carrying it . 
  it wo n't go away but you just learn to live with it . 
  so much love , strenght and courage for you . 
  you are not alone and other people have been through the same and survived . 
  you will survive too . 
  i know , hope you get rid of them soon . 
  me too , i have been so focused on 14.12 which is last day they guarantee cards are delivered inside borders so internationals will propably be late . 
  argh , i have to get myself waddling ticket for that . 
  over half way pregnant by race so running wo n't be option . 
  it will be even weirder when they are big . 
  my friend was overdue and last night before birth we were there playing settlers of catan . 
  suddenly there was clear print of baby feet in her tummy , clear enough that you could count those tiny toes !, 
  and congratulations for kicks , they are such a stress relief , until baby starts to troll you and goes to sleep . 
  at least i think everything feels so wrong . 
  there should had been another baby , not this one and then i am guolt tripping myself because i feel like i 'm cheating this baby because i miss lost ones . 
  good luck . 
  i have never had much of symptoms , not in viable pregnancies and not in early mcs either . 
  i would love some nausea . 
  i was brave ( or uncomfortable ) enough to order some maternity pants . 
  while my old jeans still fit , i hate that anything is even mildly constricting my tummy area . 
  last time i was pregnant it was late spring and i was just sporting these lovely maxidresses and thin maternity jeans . 
  now i need long johns and so many extra layers . 
  3 more days until nt-scan , universe please hurry up !, 
  our group yesterday . 
  me healing with my tank friend , then three dps from other guild . 
  oomkin was pulling everything starfall and when tank told him to stop , other dps 's just started to dare oomkin to do it more and more and threatened tank to be kicked . 
  well , i just stopped healing dps when they had aggro and tank kept fast enough speed that he wasnt out of combat at all . 
  tank refused for my suggestion to initiate kick for moonkin with `` asshole tank '' as a reason . 
  that is horrible in morbidly hilarious way . 
  h\u00f6h . 
  waiting for good news !, 
  litter < 3 < 3 that is so cute term !, 
  i 'll be checking tomorrows thread for your update !, 
  sounds promising . 
  i have heard plenty of stories where only sign before waters breaking or contractions starting is sudden full body cleanse , either vomit , diarrhea or both . 
  you ca n't hurt your baby that way . 
  usually you need to use force at least strong enough to cause bruises on you to hurt baby when they are in their safe watery bubble . 
  do n't worry . 
  i think last few weeks are natures way of making expecting mothers feel so uncomfortable and fed up with whole pregnancy that they are n't scared of giving birth anymore . 
  it 's much easier to start whole process when all you can think `` what ever , take that thing out of me one way or another '' than being afraid of everything . 
  we have pretty much same situation . 
  what i want to stress for everyone is that while other parent usually is better at it , that doesn not mean that worse one is not good parent . 
  someone always gets the silver medal . 
  good luck !, 
  i think you should ask about nutrition , getting all necessary vitamins and minerals is whole different game when you are eating for four . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  lots of hope and hugs for you two . 
  i still believe that some day , sooner or later , we can all read your very confused and totally not zen post in results thread . 
  until that , keep on hoping . 
  it will happen . 
  bit more than 12 hours until nt scan and i will hopefully sleep at least 8 hours of them . 
  i 'm so anxious and excited !, 
  home from nt scan . 
  we are most positively pregnant and everything was fine . 
  i even got to see their little ears !, 
  i 'm so sorry for your losses . 
  i 'm so out of words now . 
  i think you are being too hard on yourself . 
  our first time after loss was akward as ever . 
  we had n't been intimate for over half year since doctor ordered selibacy at 5w4d and it continued until our loss at 19w and after that we had to wait for 2,5 months before post partum bleeding etc stopped . 
  we were both nervous and finally it was pretty much `` let us get over with this so next time wo n't be so weird '' . 
  we have this jokinly said saying in finland about marital sex , roughly translated `` close your eyes and focus your thinking on homeland '' and i guess that was it for both of us . 
  great to hear good news !,
