  knowing him , he would n't propably do this and if he would , he could n't keep his guilt bottled and he would cry and confess . 
  after writing this i 'm not even sure if it would be counted as cheating in our relationship . 
  cd 9 and waiting for o. i have this weird feeling that this cycle will make it or break it . 
  also you should n't expect that after mc/cp you are guaranteed to score on that `` super fertility '' . 
  it just causes more tears to believe that propaganda . 
  i 'm still not convinced but you really gave good arguments . 
  also besides being scary , they are annoying . 
  i needed antibiotics during my pregnancy and damn it took long to find sufficien medicine that was pregnancy approved and me not being allergic to it . 
  nagrand outpost ( h ) has great place to level . 
  there is even a dock and some npc fishermen . 
  new zealand was bit weird . 
  especially since her belly button is n't in the middle compared to dress . 
  i thought this sub belongs to women . 
  it has to be , other wise that 10year annicersary statue i 'm getting from wow would be just token of wasted time . 
  this might be bit useless but i 'd love to master temari balls . 
  with 10 years of experience i could easily sell them in etsy to make money , but most of all , you would all drool over my christmas tree full of temari balls . 
  making them is just so time consuming and you need pretty peaceful enviroment which is n't really option while having toddler running around you . 
  it makes so many reddit post sound like made up when comparing to my personal experiences . 
  those talking about their cousins , aunts and uncles and how they are devasted when cousins so was in accident . 
  i hardly remember how half of my cousins look like and have absolutely no idea about their sos or kids . 
  i 'd let her keep her mind . 
  it 's good way to show her that she is in charge of her body and can decide by herself is she want 's to hug someone or not . 
  i hate that my daughters great aunt pressures her to give her kiss to be a good girl . 
  might be over exaggeration but 15 years from here and there could be guy telling her to give him a blow job to be a good girl . 
  i think now is the point to teach her she is allowed to say no . 
  khan academy . 
  it could actually be extremely useful to get salman khan to give me interview for my bachelors thesis . 
  earliest i have seen bfn in my own sticks was dpo9 . 
  lich king hc 25man kill . 
  the kill alone was awesome but what i did n't know , i had been voted by officers to receive guild first invincible . 
  it was so huge honor to get it . 
  other notable mention . 
  healing brutallus as holy paladin . 
  it just gave this `` this is what i 'm ment to do and i know how to do this '' feeling . 
  it can be bought in finland . 
  search for you national or european opk/pregnancy test etc vendors , they often have also lubricants . 
  almost , got + opk today and pretty glad about it . 
  i honestly hate this smep tactic since it 's so exhausting and time consuming . 
  wow . 
  i 'm looking forward how my daughter will love her little sibling and they grow a bit and start play together . 
  and the smell . 
  i could have sniffed my baby 24/7 and still not get enough of it . 
  it 's true what they write , that smell is stronger than heroine and makes you so happy . 
  it 's made of pure love . 
  dpo 1 today and i do n't know what to think , i 'm once again so hopeful and already so devastated that there will be af again and then we have been trying for a freaking year . 
  i was n't supposed to be in this situation , no one warned me . 
  why would more cycle planning be positive thing ? 
  good luck and congratulations !, 
  dpo 2 and bit hopeful . 
  we definately had enough sex this time early enough . 
  trying to wait until 9.2 atleast since do n't want to test while my mil and fil are here . 
  blue sheets on bed where my husband is sleeping . 
  i guess he is dead now . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  if you need to vent , / r/miscarriage offers amazing support . 
  dpo 3 and no symptoms . 
  i 'm still super excited , visited gynegologist today to check that everything seems normal . 
  he took ultrasound and showed that there has clearly been ovulation and everything seems completely normal . 
  combine that with smep and i 'm so so hopeful that this could finally be our cycle . 
  bit sadder part is that he also told that since we had mc last autumn , public healtcare wo n't start any testing or treatment before year has been from that mc . 
  i really want baby but i do n't think we can afford to private healthcare when we are trying to save for our own house so i just need to be patient . 
  no no no , petyr and lysa . 
  their love and romance was the high point of serie . 
  anyone have a clue who are the two women in forest ? 
  i 'm out of ideas . 
  you are a smart person !, 
  i hear you . 
  why there ca n't be just opt in/opt out switch in our body and everything would magically turn to be alright and result of pregnancy test would be just what we wish . 
  i used to just sit by the lake and watch the nightsky . 
  it was absolutely beautiful . 
  marabou is fine but fazer is the way to go . 
  you described my feelings perfectly . 
  my daughter is a person i do n't need to do personal risk analysis with . 
  if she is falling , i will catch even if it means breaking few bones while doing it and i will jump in front of the train if it means i could maybe throw her away from its way . 
  i will give her everything she ever needs if it is possible , including telling her no when it 's good for her . 
  i know i feel differently before and after having kids but it is more like i have found my favourite ice cream brand . 
  i know it 's totally best ever for me but it 's not for everyone and someone may love icecream that i do n't like and there are even people who do n't like icecream at all and would rather eat cupcakes . 
  all those choises are completely fine and probably everyone loves their favourite thing just as much in their own ways . 
  because i was pregnant for freaking 6 days last october , it resets the countdown for public healtcare and october 2015 is the first month i can look for infertility treatments . 
  very nice when one year counter from starting ttc is only month away and i had already been hopeful that we could actually get help with this situation . 
  same here . 
  getting regularily carded at the age of 28 , age limit here is 18 . 
  my husband is starting to get worried that people think he is pervert when wife looks like 10 years younger than him while in reality he is only 3 months older than me and looks spot on for his age . 
  also all those nasty teenmom comments and looks . 
  my mom and grandma both look like 10-20 years younger than they really are . 
  yes , why ca n't be gemini or virgo for once in a while but no , all we hate is one sign . 
  do n't mourn me , i will be waiting for you but take your time . 
  great advices here !, 
  one thing that i did n't see mentioned is that ask how they soothe their kid . 
  when she hurts herself how do they calm her and how to react if she throws tantrum . 
  as a finn , that sounds completely normal . 
  my kid has slept in pram round the year and she definitely slept better when she was outside , especially during winter . 
  of course when it 's -20 c i would n't consider it anymore for small baby , but warmer than -15 is all fair game as long as kid is dressed properly . 
  it was so refreshing to take dog and baby for long walk with friend and we could just chat there and be adults while babies slept . 
  there is nothing mad trying it , give it a go !, 
  why ca n't he sleep in his diaper ? 
  i used to have my kid sleeping in diaper with very light muslin blanket which role was just to give comfort and safety for her . 
  something like 150 $ for 4 days which was mostly my husbands bill since we had family room and his stay and food was charged . 
  - finland, 
  good luck with that .
