  i 'm sorry and hopefully next cycle will me the one . 
  [ captain comic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jlvd1svooa ), 
  i 'd actually like if there would be subreddit like ttcmore or something for us who already have kids . 
  during mothers day and fathers day this sub was a bit akward place to visit when people did lot 's of topics like `` how will you handle the mothers day while not being mother '' and there i was anxiously waiting for flowers and all . 
  welcome , good luck and hope your visit here is short !, 
  sex wise ? 
  we were so tired , there was million and few more pins in my hair and so much rice that we could have cooked porridge . 
  we just hugged , agreed to delay sex for morning and went to sleep . 
  the love towards my so , my friends , siblings and parents is n't just comparable with love towards my kid . 
  for each of them there is line that ca n't be crossed withouth losing that love but my kid ? 
  i could be angry at her , maybe i could n't even forgive what she has done but i will always love her . 
  once i described that love to my husband in a way that if he jumps from cliff i 'd be devastated . 
  if my daughter would jump , i 'd jump after her just with glimpse of hope that i could catch her to give her smoother landing in attempt to save her . 
  i have my feel-good box which means ~ 1kg of chocolate and other treats , glass of water , dog cookies and 3 bottles of mojo sauce . 
  add two computers , few books , my crocheting and knitting stash , bed and husband . 
  i 'd say i will do fine , just maybe thirsty in the end . 
  could have been just heavy periods , could have been chemical pregnancy . 
  if i were you , i 'd just accept it as a heavier than normal period bleeding . 
  definitely not an expert but i do n't see reason to visit doctor unless periods are extremely long , atleast 2 days longer than normally or the pain starts to feel abnormal . 
  you have been in birth control and most likely your body is just adjusting to different hormonal levels now . 
  this was kinda hit during vanilla :, 
  [ i can be your healer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkmi2yrjwgc ), 
  not favourite character since kid was wrong gender but stole a name from my favourite book series , so everyone say hello to my little elliania . 
  ( robin hobb , far seer trilogy and tawny man trilogy ), 
  that the baby i miscarried will always be my favourite what if . 
  some ? 
  are you made of stone ? 
  i was babling like a baby . 
  what i hated most at it was that i already have a kid , i did n't need mc to prove that i could get pregnant . 
  if cycle 11 wo n't do the trick i need to call to inferility clinic for appointment . 
  as an idea it sounds scary but somehow also relief that then it 's not just our responsibility anymore but someone will help us or tell us whats going wrong . 
  i know the feeling . 
  it takes time and i think only viable pregnancy can really make you to leave that cp behind . 
  that `` ca n't stop thinking '' sounds so familiar . 
  week or two and i 'd have had ultrasound and found out if it would had been boy or girl but nope , here i am with cd1 . 
  for my experience , that 's pretty common in eu that servers are up earlier than promised . 
  very kind from us that they beta test all maintanances for us . 
  cd2 so having over 3 weeks of wait . 
   if you 're going through hell , keep going - winston churchill, 
  there is few options . 
  you try and try and most likely at some point get baby or you stop and all your efforts were for nothing . 
  i think you do n't beed to stay positive , just stubborn . 
  have you contacted church already ? 
  they usually have some kind of help available . 
  i 'm gon na answer behalf of my husband . 
  i 'm still studying and my husband is working . 
  when our daughter was born , i studied while being on maternity/parental leave . 
  parental leave money is bigger than what you can get if you are student ( atleast it was in espoo where you get espoo-extra ) . 
  if my husband would have taken paternal leave he would have earned less and so would i. 
  it just was n't financially smart move . 
  at what point of the post she is pretending ? 
  they are both there having fun , not even identical and drunken guy assumes wrong ? 
  you can test if line gets stronger which means more hsg so everything seems to go normally . 
  also if it stays as faint positive it can indicate chemical pregnancy . 
  atleast in finland first appointment is usually almost month after first positive test and atleas i needed some assurance that i was really pregnant during that time . 
  baby dust for you . 
  i have 7 months old nephew and pregnant sil . 
  jealousy is real . 
  i was crying half evening last night since i went through photos of last summer and all i could think `` i should had been pregnant in that picture '' . 
  i get pregnant next month . 
  she does n't want babies at the moment so she wo n't get pregnant next month . 
  rock-paper-scissors . 
  i rock at it !, 
  not wanting to doubt you but heavier period flow than normal = / = chemical pregnancy . 
  after mc i have been really blunt about it . 
  maybe it will stop people from thinking that it 's okay thing to ask . 
  * pregnancy . 
  with toddler around , i ca n't just chill out if i need to and remembering how tired i was last time , that scares me a lot . 
  * all in all , how my daughter will react . 
  she loves babies but it is certainly not the same when mom is holding that new baby hours a day , everyday . 
  * that i wo n't get pregnant any time soon . 
  lately it as been heartbreaking to understand that if i would have gotten pregnant right away , i 'd already have a baby in my arms . 
  and that 2 year age gap i had hoped ? 
  well dd is 2 in two months so no way that 's going to happen , 3 starts to be closer than 2 already . 
  * more pregnancy announcements . 
  starting from my mc where i had friend announce pregnancy with same duedate , there has been this wierd stuff going on . 
  from that point there has been pregnancy announcement everytime i 'm at cd1-3 and gosh it feels bad . 
  * yet another mc, 
  flask prices may rise since people have can choose to to trinkets and savage bloods instead of flasks . 
  i hate that `` more fertile '' rumour . 
  you are already in wounded state and then that rumour gives you false hope . 
  all those small things like nailclippers and cotton pads . 
  also if you are male , you can impress female visitors with having trash can with lid in your toilet . 
  if i 'd be you i 'd do excel and write down every item i used during next few weeks and rate it from totally essential ( like toilet paper ) to totally not needed ( seasonal curtains ) . 
  pay attention when you cook , when you use hygienia products and when you clean something . 
  i think these are common sense but check your medicine cabin . 
  get basics like bandages , tylenol , emergency kit . 
  first kid , cycle 2 was the bfp one . 
  round two , cycle 11 and counting . 
  not yet gone to testing so still counting this just as a bad luck . 
  as someone else said , there is ~ 28 % to become pregnant every cycle if you ovulate and have sex in right time period . 
  think about rolling dice that has 4 sides and you are trying to get 4 . 
  it 's totally possible to roll over 10 times before seeing that 4 and you would n't think that dice is broken . 
  unless of course every roll gives same result but thats irrelevant . 
  i have toddler who still wakes up several times during night occasionally and then want 's to get up 06 am , i 'm no way giving up red bull after those nights before i have to . 
  not even the nights but mornings after them . 
  i could make cameo in zombie movie . 
  something about our plan to move out to bigger apartment and i guess kid is already sleeping so he adjusted lightning for night time . 
  we already have 9 1/2 years in our relationship , kid and a dog . 
  i 'm not very active at bedroom so i have already told him during years that if he really needs more sex he can go and look for it as long as it 's only sex , he wears condom , he wo n't bring that person to our house and i do n't want to hear about it .
