  it 's so great that your doctor listens to you . 
  it 's good that you are taking care of your sanity . 
  ttc is so stressfull , especially with losses and we need to take care of ourselves . 
  great news !, 
  and have fun in between sheets in weekend !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i hope your body starts to feel normal soon . 
  i hope you get fast first class ticket for your train !, 
  sperminated is actually a word ?? 
  good luck , i hope your follicles find companions soon !, 
  i 'm so sorry for your check up . 
  sounds like an awful experience . 
  maybe . 
  i 'm not sure when periods are late so i 'm going to time my testing for my therapist appointment . 
  sound almost lame to do that but i rather have back up system ready since bfn or bfp , i 'm going to freak out . 
  cd1 ... fml . 
  well , altleast this was early enough that we have one more shot before uljas ' edd . 
  sorry this in venting but i absolutely hate term rainbow baby . 
  uljas was supposed to be my rainbow baby . 
  calling pregnancy a rainbow pregnancy and baby the rainbow baby before they are born feels like betting agains destiny . 
  one loss does n't make it impossible to lose more pregnancies . 
  not sure about regulating , just that it atleast ended and i sincerely hope that next cycle is less than 40 days . 
  argh , i hate wine , but if you take the wine and i take complimentaring cheese and chocolate with it ? 
  i have all my fingers , toes and any other body part that you can cross crossed for you . 
  i hope you can keep your cool during weeked , i know the waiting is horrible . 
  good luck honey !, 
  having place for your loved one is so important . 
  still , let yourself grieve , there is nothing wrong in it . 
  i was occasionally leaking 9 months after stopping breastfeeding so i think 3 months might be in normal range . 
  leaking after mc is horrible , it feel so wrong when you do n't have baby in your arms . 
  i got pill that was supposed to stop milk production when uljas was born but still there was bit milk coming few weeks later . 
  it takes time for body to make sense , mine does n't either yet . 
  win-win , you get your masters or you get baby and masters bit slower !, 
  pretty much all my friends who have had issues with conceiving and have applied to school have gotten pregnant almost immediately after acceptance letter . 
  makes me think that i should get second degree too . 
  i hope same magic happens for you !, 
  one more note , i asked doctor about milk still coming and if it affects fertility and it should n't at all/only insignificant amount . 
  i think it is . 
  support developers and get new episode every time you want . 
  i do run/walk zr !, 
  with my dog so i use it almost daily , supply runs would get pretty boring fast . 
  i do n't know what to say except that i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  marin is loved little girl and i bet she is proud of her mother and how hard you are trying to survive . 
  * hugs *, 
  like neko said , it 's good that you already have appointment . 
  cd1 is so rough thing . 
  i 'm sorry it did n't work out this cycle . 
  i was feeling like you right after cycle we conceived uljas . 
  pretty much giving up and did n't do anything besides prenatals that cycle . 
  althought i still stressed like maniac . 
  i 'm trying to find silver lining and here it is : atleast this af feels like af , i know when it actually started and i can use tampons !, 
  good luck , i really wish this is your cycle !, 
  i do n't like wine but planning to go for sushi during weekend !, 
  truly , tampons are miracles compared to pads . 
  this ... 
  this is some kind of sick joke you are making right ? 
  i 'm so sorry that your husband had to endure that freaking nightmare . 
  it 's horrible to say but six months is n't that long time but i do know it feels like lifetime . 
  it could just be bad luck and you might have lost few cycles for messed up body after mc . 
  reach out if your friend or family is going through rough time . 
  it takes so much strenght to ask for help if you are already fighting just to be able to breath . 
  do n't wait and think they will reach out for you if they need you , they wo n't have enough strenght for that when they truly need help . 
  sounds so familiar . 
  so far gotten pregnant from cycle 7 and cycle 12 , now at cycle 14 so technically always less than half year but it has been one and half year of trying . 
  i know . 
  i wanted four . 
  i 'm young enough to have that still but seriously , if this is so slow to make them my oldest has moved out from home before number 4 is out of uterus . 
  good luck , force your hubby to drink grapejuice , it 's supposed to make sperm better , or atleast make husband feel that he is contributing !, 
  that 's very good , but let 's hope that you wo n't need to talk about opks for a long long time , only about bfps . 
  those pregnant stalkers , argh . 
  me and kiddo are going to some kind of storytime/kids poems group once a week . 
  while she likes it , i hate the fact that she is oldest there and atleast 4 , maybe even 6 out of ~ 10 mothers there are pregnant . 
  how am i supposed to avoid pregnant women when i have to spend time with my kid ? 
  those phone calls suck and when they are so eager to reschedule your time . 
  how did the interviews went ? 
  refreshing to hear that someone is actually happy about cd1 . 
  good for you , i hope this cycle is as close to normal as possible !, 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  good to hear that you are taking care of yourself . 
  that 's incredibly sad and frustrating . 
  i hope this time they will finish the job and you can start to heal . 
  argh , grapefruit , grapefruit !, 
  got them mixed up again . 
  greippi is grapefruit in finnish and viiniryp\u00e4le is grape and i 'm always confused with those . 
  joonatan , taavetti ( i have never ever heard anyone would use it ) , antti or toni , aleksanteri . 
  most biblical names have only spelling bit different . 
  for example i think you recognice these 4 men even without telling where in bible they are : matteus , markus , luukas and johannes . 
  sure go ahead , i love talking about names !, 
  ouch . 
  just ouch . 
  hang in there . 
  i think rule is that if you are n't sure when you had or will have o , sex every other day until af shows up or seems like there is reason to test for pregnancy . 
  i hope you can locate your ovulation !, 
  progress is always nice !, 
  no no no , damned . 
  giving false positives should be felony . 
  it depends of how far you were before your loss . 
  i was told that tests will most likely give positives for atleast 3 weeks after our loss at 19 +0 . 
  well dpo8 is very early so if i were you , i 'd be going lunatic and praying this to be good sign . 
  closest to victor is vihtori .
