  you are not alone and these thing are n't your fault , they just happen . 
  if you ever need to talk about these thing more , remember that we are here and we love you . 
  sounds like you have battle plan ready for this cycle !, 
  good luck !, 
  well , if you would test now , you more than likely would n't get any certain information since there is so many days left . 
  so testing would n't help anything . 
  keep on you toes , we are keeping hope up for you !, 
  have fun !, 
  oh man , tww is the real pain . 
  try to keep strong and patient !, 
  hugs , it has been rough day for you . 
  i hope tomorrow is better . 
  i hate people who just ignore whole mc , i too have those in my life . 
  i hope you bleeding turns into more reasonable soon . 
  my son . 
  he died to premature birth and i 'd give anything to see him once more , clothes or not . 
  having a bad day . 
  just thinking all those could have , should have things . 
  it breaks my heart that i will never see him again or hold him again . 
  same thing . 
  i do n't know how i 'm going to handle getting positive test in future , first few weeks just waiting for blood . 
  those are way more hard to get if you want to read them in other language than english , and even with english amazon and ebooks are pretty much only way . 
  i lived in our capital with countrys biggest libraries and not all novellas were available . 
  my challenge , let it be know as preparing for christmas . 
  for the next 30 days , i 'll do something contributing towards our christmas for atleast 15min/day or some spesific task , like find present to someone . 
  why ? 
  because last christmas , i was determined to do socks for almost everyone . 
  well guess who broke her wrist during last week before christmas eve because too much knitting . 
  three pairs of sock during one week was n't a good idea . 
  so this time i will be prepared and maybe get everything bit cheaper from summersales . 
  reporting : i 'll do progress pics/posts . 
  soon soon , i started few days early and first crocheted item is ~ 15 % done . 
  tomorrow maybe , 
  sounds awesome , i 'm really hoping to hear your experience with duolingo !, 
  just wanting to pass note from my husband , witcher 3 has some seriously triggering mc stuff . 
  socks are my favourites to knit but also mittens , scarfs , hats . 
  now i 'm crocheting vest from granny squares , it 's incredibly easy to do . 
  i 'm rooting for paragon too , mostly national reasons and since scenes are so small in here , i have ex guildies there who were n't assholes so i hope success for them . 
  i think biggest issue is that it tooks way too long to translate . 
  second part of adwd was out last autumn and book was over 3 years old at that point . 
  i do n't know anyone who waited for finnish translations , but many who then reread to get better grasp of what exactly was eaten at all those feasts . 
  have been visiting my parents last couple of days so have n't been here too much . 
  monday they called from hospital that uljas is there and ready to move on , so today when we came back from my parents , i went to visit funeral home . 
  lady there was extremely nice and with my lousy swedish , i listened her to talk with her boss and they agreed to do this as non profit so we only have to pay for actual expences . 
  which is still lot but more manageable . 
  funerals will be held 31.7 , i 'm kinda afraid of that day but happy that it will be over . 
  it 's not about being strong , these things just has to be done . 
  good to hear that you too had kind experience . 
  lady i talked with was almost in tears and i think funeral home staff is supposed to be used to deal with death . 
  not that hard really , funerals are nicely done with pretty much like those multi choice tests , just pick what you want and everything is done for you . 
  this is small town so they do n't luckily get this kind of funerals often . 
  ouch . 
  last one hits home , except 19 weeks and hospitals elevator . 
  i do n't want to give you false hope but 10 dpo is really early . 
  here is some statistic about it [ in fertility friend ] ( https://www.fertilityfriend.com/faqs/when-can-i-expect-a-positive-hpt-if-i-am-pregnant.html ), 
  if you look those top 5 guilds , only method is international/english guild . 
  paragon ( finnish ) , \u042d\u043a\u0437\u043e\u0440\u0441\u0443\u0441 ( russian ) and from scratch ( french ) are n't really options for us top raiders unless you are fluent with some of those languages . 
  because her dying at this point would be worthless for story . 
  i 'm here . 
  i 'm just having hard time to find words for anyone at the moment so i just read your posts , upvote and hope that someone has those words . 
  i 'm in panic and excited that wednesday i 'll see uljas again . 
  this time i 'll take that damn picture , even if i will never look at it again . 
  we should dress him up and move him into coffin but since he is so small , there really is n't clothes for him available . 
  i 'm planning to do some speed crocheting during weekend so i can make a blanket and bundle him in there . 
  it 's devastating to think that it will be only thing i can ever make for him . 
  on more positive news , post partum bleeding has almost ended . 
  optimistically it 's less than 4 weeks to first periods and then 2 weeks to o and i could be able to get edd for next may . 
  i 'm building so high hopes that i do n't want to be there when i 'll get bfn and next periods . 
  thanks but i 'm already almost done with blanket for him . 
  i 'll try to put it in tomorrows ttc thread , few more rows !, 
  spotting may take time . 
  3 weeks and 2 days from our loss and still using pads but i think tomorrow will be last day i need those . 
  lot 's of hugs to you . 
  i confess , i love eating and so jealous right now . 
  i 'm going to hunt you down and whine like spoiled brat unless you post tomorrow and describe all those foods you ate at that dinner !, 
  why are you all talking about food and located to overseas ? 
  i 'm so hungry . 
  great news !, 
  i should be sleeping already but ca n't since i 'm so anxious . 
  tomorrow i 'll see my little baby again and for the last time ever . 
  we will dress him up , which in this case means wrap him on a blanket i made and then move him to coffin . 
  i want to do it but same time having almost panic attack because whole idea seems so absurd . 
  so [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/qb5f5li ) is the blanket . 
  it 's quite wonky but does n't matter , it 's his . 
  heading to hospital soon . 
  who needs fifty shades of grey when they can read this ? 
  i 'm so jealous right now !, 
  thank you , this was exactly what i needed to read today . 
  it has been a pretty rough but oddly peaceful day . 
  we went to hospital and got to see him again . 
  honestly he did n't look the same , but we still took picture and maybe at some point there is a day that i want or need to see it so it is there , hidden in folder in server cloud . 
  then we moved him to chapels waiting rooms , do n't know proper word but the cold room where they wait for funerals, 
  after that we went back home and cried a lot . 
  it was actually quite refreshing . 
  we spoke a little and then started to talk about our daughter . 
  she is at grandparents this night so we would n't need to keep happy face after we come back home . 
  the fortune cookie thing in other thread is true , one joy can make so many sorrows fade away . 
  we talked about her , all the little things she does and we found ourselfs laughing . 
  since who cares about cooking in days like this , we went to test local nepal restaurant and it was great . 
  found [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/q5y4oc4.jpg ) photo in another subreddit and i thought it fits here and describes what loss can be in relationship .
