  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  done . 
  i suggest you to open the questions a bit . 
  there is question about favourite shows in the middle and then just `` who is your favourite character '' and it made atleast me very unsure if you mean favourite character in all shows or just game of thrones . 
  it 's fine . 
  at this part of the world ( finland ) it 's totally normal to not know babies name even weeks after birth and even when it 's picked you do n't usually tell it to others . 
  my sister laughed that they had babtism 2 months after baby was born and day before celebration they were still arguing about the name . 
  i was at week 20 when i wa sure i it 's baby that i 'm feeling and not just digestion problems . 
  i had everything optimal for feeling as early as possible and still took pretty long while all the apps were saying `` you can already feel baby moving '' . 
  first it felt like small soup bubbles were touching me in my stomach and it fastly progressed to alien trying to rip her way out of my tummy . 
  calm down , even during fertile days it 's ~ 20 % chance to get pregnant . 
  now , go with the plan b and when your periods should start , do pregnancy test just in case . 
  i hope you remember to play safe after this . 
  actually he would not be first . 
  reason to hang around with friends daily . 
  oh dear , i hope this time i do n't feel like chocolate tastes like way too old grease . 
  the hair thing was completely opposite , i shaved only twice after first trimester and the second time was after water had already broken and i was just trying to spend time . 
  same for me today . 
  they are so freaking expensive but atleast battery keeps the text there whole day . 
  agreed . 
  ** if ** you want kids , you should have them before 40 , especially if you are woman . 
  you have valid point , but while men can still have kids later in life but for women it comes pretty much impossible after menopause . 
  ca n't really give advices for constant cooling , but if it seems that baby is too hot , cool bath will help to get body temperature down pretty fast . 
  poor kiddo but awesome , you have bodyguard cat !, 
  wool socks . 
  yes i know i 'm not supposed to be able to sit this way . 
  yes this is extremely comfortable . 
  no , i do n't do yoga . 
  no , i neither do circus , dancing , ballet or anything like that , this just the way i am . 
  the 27th . 
  i was newly pregnant , my birthday was on sunday and saturday night i started to bleed bright red blood . 
  since at that point there is nothing you can do except wait , they did n't give me time for er and i had to wait until monday to go check if everything is ok . 
  it was early enought that we had n't told anyone so there i was trying to have happy face whole sunday with visitors and all i wanted was to scream from panic thinking that i 'm having miscarriage . 
  everything was fine after all but damn those hours were long . 
  half of the posts i make in / r/twoxchromosomes and i actually have no idea why . 
  as far as i know i do n't insult , i try to offer advice only if it seems that they want one and all in all try to be supportive but guess it 's not enough . 
  4 +1 and this is horrible . 
  i 'm counting day for ultrasound . 
  it 's curse and a blessing that pregnancy tests can show so early that something is happening , it just makes first trimester even longer when you can know at 3 +4 that you are pregnant . 
  i keep staring the miscarrriage odd chart everyday and hoping the days to pass faster . 
  do n't forget that after that we ( or kids father ) are allowed to stay at home until kid turns 3 without losing our jobs and if there is more kids during that time , the timer resets . 
  as someone who is right at this moment going through early miscarriage , it 's both . 
  i was knowingly pregnant only 6 days but in my mind i had already planned everything , the baby had name and i saw my elder kid as a big sister . 
  i mourn for the child i never get to know but also all those lost dreams i already had . 
  there wo n't be little baby born during midsummer , no me with big tummy during spring , no cute christmas card where we could have announced pregnancy . 
  now there is just nothing and we are back to square one . 
  sorry , this got bit too personal . 
  as a woman i assume i pay my part unless the invitation to date has clearly been `` come , i take you to dinner '' or `` i 'll offer you a dinner '' and not vague `` we could meet at restaurant x '' . 
  when they want to go alone and are capale of going alone , no age limit . 
  this being said , i come from finland where there is totally normal to go to sauna naked with whole family . 
  i 'm so so sorry , i 've had one early miscarriage and the day that it happened is by far the worst day of my life . 
  i ca n't even imagine how hard it is for you when you were supposed to be on the safer area already and not in the first trimester . 
  it 's not just the loss of baby , it 's also loss of all those dreams and plans you had already made . 
  it 's not your fault . 
  i repeat , it 's not your fault . 
  some times bad things just happen and you need to live through them . 
  my husband and i have very different coping strategies and because of that , i just want to remind you that do n't resent your so if it seems like he does n't mourn in the way you think he should . 
  i have done that and it 's just harming and fruitless solution . 
  it can be spontaneous . 
  i went to bed with zero symptoms with `` this baby is never going to come out '' attitude and three hours later woke up to `` omg my water broke !! '', 
  with epidural , i 'd say i would rather give birth once a month than have my week long periods . 
  you do n't and wo n't have wrong feelings about this . 
  for first few days , i was complete mess . 
  then i kinda went to denial and acted like whole positive pregnancy test never happened . 
  now when it 's three weeks from mc i 'm total mess again . 
  i guess there will be better days and worse . 
  althought for what i 'm feeling now i blame my friend . 
  i know she could n't have known i was pregnant since i did n't tell but i 'm so angry at her for just posting in facebook this cute little shirt `` big brother 25.6 2015 '' and text `` omg i 'm pregnant and going to tell my parents by making my son wear this when we visit them '' . 
  oh come on , that was my due date . 
  i 'm no way able and willing to live that pregnancy with her . 
  i guess i am . 
  we did n't use any tracking devices and i do n't even know if i want to get pregnant from this cycle . 
  i do n't want to answer to that weird questiong `` when were your last periods '' when reserving time for ob because last periods were in september . 
  last time i bled , it was no periods , it was miscarriage and i refuse to call it periods but the date of miscarriage is what they want to hear . 
  so , i do n't even know how long this cycle will be but i 'm kinda waiting af to show up in the end of next week , may her come or not . 
  just want to point this out . 
  you expect your kids to outlive you , unlike your pets . 
  positive pregnancy test and to actually carry that baby to full term . 
  where are you ? 
  i 'd love to send something little for your son . 
  thank you . 
  atleast i have my daughter but after trying for almost year and especially after miscarriage i 'm feeling pretty hopeless . 
  miscarriage really is an instant way to smash your heart to pieces . 
  either is fine . 
  we have kinda same issue . 
  now we have moved to point that when we are at home , no candies or anyt extra sweets and for dessert there is fruits . 
  when we are visiting our toddler ( 19 months ) can taste what she wants . 
  we just explain that those are special treats that we do n't sadly have at home adn for example ice cream is special thing that only grandmas and restaurants can buy . 
  she is completely fine with that and accepts this reasoning . 
  before that we just explained that because her toothcare was n't as optimal as possible since she hated tootbrush , we do n't want to cause extra stress for teeths . 
  sorry but i feel that with given information , you are being unreasonable with friend b. 
  she suffers from infertility and here you are sympton spotting and bonding like it 's certain you wo n't get pregnant anytime soon while only time can really tell it . 
  bit same thing with friend c if she really desires kids and ca n't / wo n't have them due social reasons . 
  sometimes there is just extremely bad luck . 
  i hope you will still get bfp christmas present this year . 
  for our eldest , cycle two was the magical one . 
  for now , at cycle 8 with one mc , still no results .
