  - pedro : it 's nice, 
  - troll : in season 4 x , x , x , x and x will die . 
  congratulations , russia was great team during whole tournament and definately earned their medal but i really would have liked us to lose with less questionable manner . 
  now there is always a shadow of doubt . 
  i kinda agree with russia being better team but now we will never know for sure . 
  tww and dpo 3 , do i need so say more reasons for being moody ? 
  also dd woke up 05:50 while i got to sleep 01:00 because i was watching results of eu elections . 
  best date , does honeymoon count ? 
  favourite way to indulge : gaming definately . 
  last movie : desolation of smaug . 
  i do n't really go to movies much . 
  activity from childhood : reading . 
  i want to read to them , i want them to read and it will be for many years only excuse to go to sleep little later if they are few pages from ending a book . 
  i feel for you , first 10 months was the same story , 3-10 wake ups every night and during 10 hour period and then only 20 minute naps . 
  i 'm also waiting for the teenage years , dd woke me up today 05:50 . 
  it 's not humane time to wake up when you do n't need to go anywhere before 09 . 
  finn here , actually it 's more like you can ask if couple already has name picked but not the actual name . 
  like, 
  * so due date is soon , do have you already agreed on the name ? 
  * yeah , we got finally it solved . 
  * great , i ca n't wait to hear it when it 's announced . 
  big difference compared to us is that usually name is told few months after birth and it 's pretty normal that couple has n't decided name when the baby is born . 
  also it 's pretty common to keep gender as a secret too until birth . 
  nope , gave birth 40 +0 . 
  i was actually still going to short runs , 10-15minutes in week 39 but i had super easy pregnancy . 
  kid waking up in any minute so i try to be fast . 
  finland here !!, 
  up till age of 3 , guardian is allowed to stay at home with small payment from government , kotihoidontuki , home care money , while still keeping their job waiting for them . 
  if you want to go to work earlier , it ' ok . 
  i do n't remember the exact cost of the daycare , we are starting next autumn but it 's pretty similar system with sweden where guardians income is taken into account . 
  ours will be ~ 100e per month and it includes free food . 
  there is classic daycare , then there is perhep\u00e4iv\u00e4hoitaja , kinda nanny who takes care of kids in their own apartment , 4 kids at max inculding their own kids under age of 7 . 
  everyone is allowed to get daycare place , even if both parents are unemployed and at home but it 's under discussion at the moment if it should be reduced to half day if parent is at home unless there is special reason , for example parents disease , special need kids , older kid staying in day care while mom is in maternityleave with twins etc. 
  usually people put their kids in daycare at the age of 1-2 but it 's not uncommon to be full 3 years . 
  also it means that if your kid is 2 , you have new baby and the timer resets again so techinically you could be 10 years in kotihoidontuki/maternity leave if your kids are 2 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 11 and your employee has to keep job waiting for you . 
  there is very little amount of spots for kids under 1y , i think minimum age is 9 month but not sure . 
  there is also 24/7 daycare where those who work in different shifts can bring their kids . 
  in big areast like helsinki ( capital ) there is some issues with spots and parents need to take kids pretty far away commute wise but otherwise you are guaranteed to get a spot somewhere . 
  if you have anything to ask , please go ahead , i 'd be glad to explain more after the bed time is for lo . 
  i totally understand . 
  lo had her head in a way that it hit one nerve and 32-36 i felt like i could n't move at all . 
  she finally moved down and suddenly all was well . 
  i honestly believe that you ca n't spoil baby with love and hugs and beign close . 
  yep , my little thermostat started to work in second trimester which was awesome since second trimester started in october and she heater me whole winter up until april !, 
  think positively , you will look awesome in bikini and no one can mistake you for not beign pregnant . 
  being covered with all those wintercloths , i just looked fat . 
  do n't worry , it will more than like be just as good as before !, 
  of course it 's scary as hell when you do n't really know what to wait for . 
  but try to remember , woman body is designed for this thing , and now we really have the technology to make it even easier with epidural , oxitocin and all other modern medical wonders . 
  too tired to write my whole birth story but let me put it this way . 
  i would rather give birth once a month than have periods . 
  edit . 
  and more thing , 99 % of women i know have said that when you are in last few weeks of pregnancy , you are so tired of beign pregnant that you wo n't care anymore if giving birth may hurt or not , you just want that gigantic tummy to go out of the way and get the baby finally to your arms . 
  when our dog was puppy , he had addiction to women underwears . 
  he would sneak to the room where laundry basket is and steal bras and shred them . 
  if no bras were found , pants were fine too . 
  during this phase which lasted ~ 3 months , 6 bras and over 10 pants were lost . 
  he never ate any of my husbands underwears , just mine . 
  nope , definately not gray for me , but if i inherit the white hair from my mothers side , that 's something i could live with . 
  sounds very positive !, 
  is it long time from stopping to breastfeeding ? 
  oh sorry , now noticed the 2 mc in your flair . 
  loosely translated and ca n't find who said this originally . 
  `` even if the world collapses , we only die once . '', 
  it gives some scale for everything and gives me faith to do things i 'm afraid to do . 
  voluntarily child free people are either not as grown up as they think they are or they have something wrong in their brains . 
  i picked the strategy to upvote any comment who made me think that writer is an idiot , jerk or just plain wrong . 
  when ever there is a party , women should spend few hours in front of the mirror to paint themselves pretty and presentable . 
  my small pool of child free friends who are planning to voluntarily stay child free has given reasons that makes me believe that . 
  i do n't say they are n't good reasons , just that those reasons are based on mental problems etc. 
  like :, 
  - `` my father was awful father so i do n't want to have kids '', 
  - `` i 'm 18 and i know that i will never want kids '', 
  - `` i 'm so badly depressed that i will never want to have kids because even if i survive this the sleep deprivation could cause new depression '' . 
  first one is daddy issues , he should some day realise that he is n't his father . 
  second is just kid talking , 18 year old is n't capable of claiming it for sure . 
  of course , she believes that , but there is very huge change that she will make up her mind . 
  third is very reasonable but the roots are in mental problems . 
  in finland there is pretty well known three s rules . 
  siivous , seksi , sauna , which translates to cleaning , sex and sauna . 
  according to fishermens wifes , those should help you to go in labour but me and our friends agreed that it was just male masterplan to get us beg sex , clean the whole house and even warm the sauna afterwards . 
  nothing really , if you can justify it to yourself . 
  i do n't hate those people or anything , otherwise i propably would n't have those friends . 
  also i do n't poke their ~ ~ condoms ~ ~ noses with my all mighty truth . 
  but to answer the topic , i tried to think the thing i believe that people usually have their claws out and blaming me for forcing kids upon everyone . 
  nothing is wrong with it as i had stated elsewhere in this thread . 
  that 's entirely possible , that 's why i stated that the sample size is small . 
  certainly , as i said , sample size is small . 
  hard to evaluate with single post . 
  but in sake of argument , you could maybe go to selfish category . 
  seriously though , i 'm not saying that it 's wrong not to have children , i just said that i think there is something wrong with that person and my sample size for the theory is small . 
  ups , tried to translate something from my native language to english in the middle of the night with poor success rate . 
  i tried to say to the post i answered that i do n't run around yelling my opinion , but for the sake of thread , i said it outloud . 
  i 'm not trying to force anyone to have children but as soon as i voice my opinion , everyone is telling that i 'm wrong , which is entirely possible . 
  and as you may notice from some minor negative karma i have gained from this thread , i really hit the nail . 
  as i have said already few times , my sample size is small but every friend who i have who plans to be child free has excuses . 
  they are propably real reasons for them but to my ears they sound bit lame , or are as i said , mental problems . 
  it 's really hard to say . 
  our dog and toddler often have bit rocky road , mainly due his long fur which is almost like calling the kid to grab . 
  dog has been very good with his behavior , and always if monitoring fails , for example kid suddenly stops patting and tries to pull his hair , kid is told that she did wrong and meanwhile dog gets treats for good behaviour .
