  it has never bothered me , birthday parties were almost always about me , except when mom turned to 30 , 40 and so on . 
  it was also kinda nice to have something commong to celebrate . 
  i 'm actually waiting for my 38 birthday ( not coming in many years ) when we will can have 100y party !, 
  yes please , one vacation weekend to eat and do all guilty pleasures . 
  i have been pregnant for 9 months during last 12months and still 4-5 months left . 
  seriously , i want my body back for me just for few days . 
  my water broke at 03 am when i was sleeping . 
  i heard and felt pop , managed to waddle to sit in toilet and then the flood . 
  while holding pad at other hand , i went to fetch pants and then called to hospital . 
  since i was n't having contractions they told me to wait for those to start and call again or come to visit in 12 hours if nothing else happens . 
  after that i called to pre-natal clinic and cancelled appointments since obviously i was n't going there anymore . 
  this all took less than 10 minutes . 
  then i just poked husband and told that water broke but this could still take a while so keep sleeping , i was too excited and went to play wow . 
  2-3 hours later contractions started , they were so mild first that you barely noticed . 
  at that point we called to mil to come and take our dog . 
  it took some talking since it was april fools day . 
  i do n't know what she was thinking , i do n't love pranks enough to wake up at 06 just to make phone call . 
  well anyway , they promised to come as soon as possible , while we told that they have time to grab their morning coffees first . 
  then i called hospital and they told they are having slow day so come when ever i feel like i need to . 
  we lived only 10 minutes from hospital so there was n't any hurry . 
  we watched new episode of got right before leaving and at that point contractions were strong enough that we needed to pause show for them since i could n't focus . 
  we left to hospital at 10 am and daughter was born 07 pm . 
  tl ; dr 03 am water broke , 06 am contractions started , 10 am hospital , 07 pm baby . 
  i agree , then there is all those registries who do n't spam but when you edd arrives there mails congratulating you so you do n't even remember to cancel those . 
  i 'm in morbidly positive mood . 
  today is the last day i can have miscarriage . 
  from tomorrow , it will be stillbirth . 
  it 's milestone right ? 
  unless you are going to provide more spesific location information , just use google . 
  actually 21 +6 here , is there different limits for mc and stillborn , here is 22 +0 when it 's not considered mc anymore ? 
  well there is actual silver linen , after 22 weeks is reached , i 'll get maternity leave and so much more govermental support what ever happens . 
  when it 's still counted as mc , all you can get is sick leave and all other resources you need to search for yourself . 
  still yeah , aiming for spending nice evening at hospital in june !, 
  good luck and stay in this thread until autumn !, 
  waiting for your update !, 
  i think it 's partially legal issues . 
  after 22 weeks we get 154d maternity leave what even happens so i guess that is why they are using that as limit . 
  absolutely !, 
  less than two weeks now !, 
  damn , you are propably in the bed already , just woke up to see this . 
  5 ' 9 and 136lbs normally , much more now when pregnant . 
  none . 
  i 'm somewhat lucky with nature . 
  i do n't feel hunger very easily and i can go half day without remembering to eat anything . 
  i have never had hard time for stopping eating when i 'm done . 
  i can quit half way through meal if it feels like i 'm full , i do n't have to eat whole chocolate bar . 
  also most sugary treats and desserts taste disgusting to me because of too much sugar . 
  for exercise , kid and dog keep me busy enough that i ca n't for symbiotic relationship with my sofa . 
  i do n't usually need to use self control to stay thin . 
  now that i am pregnant , hunger is real and damn i am struggling with my need to binge eat everything on line of sight . 
  had my pre-natal appointment today . 
  everything was fine , fundal height was above average but not even close to safety limits . 
  i even had my daughter with me and she was so excited to hear babys heartbeat !, 
  straight at the end of appointment , midwife dropped the bomb . 
  hospital i have been planning to use which is only 5 minute drive away will close for summerbreak exactly one week before my edd . 
  argh !!!, 
  second closest is technically only 40min from us but it 's in our capital and during rush hour it can be closer to two hours , especially during midsummer fest if timing is absolutely worst . 
  so here i am , hoping that baby comes bit early . 
  she was right on time !, 
  it is summer holiday season and it is quite small hospital . 
  good luck !, 
  tw mc ( not mine this time ) this started as a good day . 
  i was so excited that it is already march and next month i will start my maternity leave . 
  okay okay , last day of april to be exact but it is still next month . 
  then i log into facebook and omg , they are revealing new maternity package next friday and i can finally choose if i want 2015 version or 2016 !, 
  after that i log into finnish babyboard and check how other july bumpers are doing . 
  first thing i see `` our twins went to heaven last night at 20 +3 '' . 
  i 'm feeling so bad for that family and having almost anxiety attack myself because of all flashbacks . 
  it is just so heartbreaking . 
  it 's last day of next month so truthfully almost 2 months but hey , it 's the thought that counts !, 
  it is truly horrible and them being twins must make it even harder . 
  hugs is good , hugs is always good . 
  have you tried shorter naps or removing naps totally ? 
  my daughter stopped naps at the age of 2,5 y and removing 1 hour nap made nights 2-3 hours longer . 
  sounds like you are absolutely right . 
  when we dropped naps , kid was only acting up less than hour before sleeping time and very soon picked new schedule and acting up stopped completely . 
  if it helps to know , only pregnancy where i have had fastly darkening lines was my early mc . 
  all three other times it has been so slow and especially with my daughter i think it took until 6 weeks that lines were even . 
  i 'm waiting for your results !, 
  my experience is that moisturizers are mostly needed if baby has diaper rash and to keep their rolls in order . 
  seriously , some babies are like shar peis or michelin mans with two sizes too big skin , they are overly cute !, 
  i do n't even understand half of you are saying but sounds so frustrating . 
  i hope you get things sorted out soon . 
  yeah , started feeling first movements at 14 and still at 23 i am panicking a lot if i have n't noticed `` enough '' activity . 
  only for last week or two baby has been big enough that i can notice him moving without laying on my back so it 's great plus . 
  yeah , especially during first trimester when your body is n't accustomed to new hormon levels . 
  even after that almost every night is a movie night . 
  during first trimester they too caused extra amount of nightmares for me . 
  i hope everything goes fine !, 
  but seriously , have you ever seen post in here telling `` we are excited and calm going in our ultrasound '' . 
  no way , seems like everyone is huge or small mental nut case before ultrasounds . 
  you can make it through !, 
  i think you can ask for seat if you feel like you are nauseous or dizzy . 
  i love to be pregnant and showing since now i do n't need to explaing every time that i really need that seat while looking completely healthy . 
  joint issues suck when pregnant , but even more when not pregnant and everyone stares me like `` hey , you are healthy young woman , why do n't you give your seat '' . 
  today you , tomorrow me !, 
  24w yesterday !, 
  also another bit tmi achievement today , i have pooped three days in row without constipation medications !, 
  first time in three months !, 
  great timing since it seems like that i might need iron supplements soon .
