  personally i hated each and everyone who even hinted that there was something wrong with my baby because it was placenta , not him who caused it . 
  for you being there for her . 
  i had two friends who had edds only few weeks apart from me . 
  i actually liked to here their updates when i was feeling like asking . 
  i was more upset of all those baby announcements and quietly thinking in my head that all those announcers are naive idiots who do n't understand what still can happen . 
  i would let her know that you want to reach out and help but that you understand if she feels like she wants to avoid you . 
  ask her how much she wants to be included into your pregnancy and accept what ever answer you get . 
  also first few weeks she most likely will be at shock so i would n't hold her much responsible for what she says . 
  ask him to fulfill some of your craving dreams at the restaurant . 
  at least for me , food is all i can think of when being pregnant and i 'm just drooling over cookbooks , cooking programs , restaurant commercials and everything . 
  i have same situation , weddings of best friend who was my maid of honor are 2 weeks after my edd . 
  i will play it by ear . 
  if baby is early it will be actually quite easy visit since they most likely are sleeping most of the time . 
  i wo n't go if i am overdue , way to cause scene with water breaking in the middle of wedding vows !, 
  they would n't even need to torture , just promise me 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep and i 'll tell everything . 
  anything from 0 seconds to 2 hours . 
  husband is in other room playing civilization so i would be found right after one more turn or when he would need something from kitchen . 
  from pink to brown is positive thing i think . 
  could it be that pap smear caused some spotting , atleast i usually spot a little always after it . 
  i hope everything will turn out fine !, 
  finland still has guidelines that you should limit eating lake fishes during pregnancy because of cesium in lakes . 
  it could definitely be baby movements . 
  for me helps if i hold my hand there to tell if it is gas or movements . 
  you have been quite champion with maternity pants , i 'm 16 +1 today and have been using maternity pants for 5 weeks already !, 
  `` just relax '' did n't work for us at all . 
  conceived second time right when i was starting to worry if we have issues . 
  lost that pregnancy . 
  conceived third time almost half year after losing second pregnancy and thinking that we clearly have issues and i had already had first check up with ob gyn to address possible issues . 
  totally not relaxed . 
  lost that pregnancy too . 
  conceived fourth time 3 months after losing our son , right after i had just managed to stop using sleeping pills and depression meds and seeing therapist every second week . 
  i was as relaxed as ant hive after bear attack . 
  what i 'm trying to say , do n't feel like you should relax . 
  while it could make small difference , trying to force yourself to relax does n't really work and you will feel even worse . 
  as they say in star wars , let the hate flow through you , same with other feelings . 
  do n't try to hold them in for the sake of trying to relax . 
  ours told same , i had only been pregnant 6 days and that damn pregnancy reseted whole count down with half year . 
  try to talk with different doctor maybe ? 
  first of all , everything is fine pregnancy wise . 
  for last few hours i have been hormonal anxious mess and stuck with all those fears that something will go wrong . 
  and worst of all , i have one stupid question going on and on in my head and i ca n't get rid of it : what will happen to the girl whose the one uljas was supposed to be ? 
  i do n't even believe in the one but i just ca n't stop weeping and thinking of that poor girl . 
  aussies are asleep but americans are still at work/school when i can submit anything . 
  i did n't have time to get second opinions . 
  we had planned that my husband would go for sa and then think our plan again but we got pregnant with uljas from that cycle . 
  i had worst hangover ever , crawled into bathroom and looked in the mirror . 
  i was freaked out for a moment because i swear my dad was staring at me there . 
  to make it worse , i 'm female . 
  it is reasonable . 
  our first loss was so early that we did n't know gender so we just gave nickname . 
  my language and name system does n't really have unisex names . 
  i do n't know if you are familiar with idea that for every person , there is the one true love waiting for them . 
  i 'd love someone to talk to me about my pregnancy , being excited and everything . 
  we lost our son late term during last pregnancy and now it feels like everyone is avoiding whole pregnancy subject with me . 
  those who do n't officially know about the pregnancy , are acting like they ca n't notice my bump and all in all , everyone seems to be trying to brush whole pregnancy under carpet . 
  absolutely . 
  or atleast let me tick a box that this device should only receive g rated advertisement . 
  nice to let kid play for a moment and then suddenly there is quite brutal game advertisement . 
  `` mooom , are zombies going to eat me ? '', 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  talk about your son as much as you want here . 
  being here sucks but this group is awesome . 
  or you are finn . 
  we can hold non-awkward silences with anyone . 
  fingers crossed , i hope scan goes well !, 
  me too , both my mobile devices are very reluctant to swap languages with auto-correct and it sucks so much to triple check everything for errors . 
  also proper keyboard is so much better for writing . 
  it really does . 
  i tried it drunk few years ago . 
  as a result of my horrible landing , i had mild concussion and bruise bigger than my palm in my hip . 
  sounds promising !, 
  i 'm finally at the point where my blood pressure starts to hate me and combined with our current weather it sucks . 
  my blood pressure has always been low but during pregnancies it goes even lowers sometimes . 
  first i start to feel nauseous , then i start to lose my sight and then i just faint . 
  usually eating or drinking something helps and i carry chocolate with me . 
  now that we have -20 c here , i need to wear quite lot of clothes when outside and shopping with those on makes me feel like i 'm in my personal sauna . 
  that also causes blood pressure to have mood swings even faster . 
  well , anyway , i almost fainted today at cafeteria . 
  luckily there was awesome waitress who noticed i was n't feeling well , carried everything to our table and gave us bill after i managed to eat something even while this was place where you normally serve yourself and pay in front . 
  already send note for them about great customer service . 
  i would love this . 
  pregnancy announcement -  hide poster until baby is born + 2 weeks . 
  no idea about other women but personally second trimester is worst for me . 
  regular eating keeps it on control but guess who forgets to eat proper breakfast before leaving home . 
  who cares about how common it is . 
  it is your baby and this has never happened to you before . 
  ffs your parents dying is so common that almost everyone of us has to go through it at some point of life but it is still tragedy . 
  me and my husband have very different coping strategies , he wanted to be alone and i wanted to talk , talk , talk and then talk some more . 
  easiest and often best solution for this is to seek outside help . 
  honey , while i know we are far away and not able to be here for you physically , we still are here and you are not alone . 
  we have been feeling same devastation and grieved those futures we lost . 
  if you want to talk , we are here to listen for you and while i hate saying that `` i know how you feel '' , i think most of us can make educated guesses at least . 
  one of my favourite songs before and after our losses had line that described kinda well how i felt . 
  roughly translated it goes : `` should i scream just in case you would still be here and hear me '' . 
  i never want and wanted to let my babies go and slowly i realized i do n't have to . 
  they are still my babies , they just are n't in my arms but they are in my heart . 
  if you believe in any form of afterlife , you did n't lose your baby , you just delayed meeting them . 
  my craving fantasy is coming true , in few months they are opening thai take-away place less than 3min walk from us . 
  i already see myself wadling to there when taking dog to walk , ordering , walk around the corner with dog and then coming back home with something awesome . 
  also til that queen of norway , sonja , had mc during her first pregnancy .
