  well i definitely do n't have hcg up anymore . 
  i 'm so sorry you are having such hard time on your life now . 
  i really hope test results will give you joy and happiness for rest of your life . 
  2 cycles is pretty early but if you feel like something is wrong , go ahead and make a call . 
  even with perfect body and perfect timing , you only have something like 20 % chance every cycle so would n't blame your body yet . 
  damn , sorry that you had to go through it . 
  please join into our crazy train where planets have aligned and clearly someone or something is giving a sign that this will be our cycle !, 
  miracles for everyone !, 
  there was most faintest line in opk today but atleast there was something this time . 
  i 'm getting way too anxious about everything . 
  today i almost broke down in tears when my mil was visiting and our kid was playing with her cousins and mil was smiling and telling how she got great picture with all her grandchildren . 
  i wanted to scream that she will never ever have that picture unless she drags kids to graveyard and takes it next to place where uljas is . 
  clearly i 'm going mad . 
  i 'm so sorry for your losses . 
  cd 14 and still only very faint line in opk . 
  i hate this . 
  i 'd like to throw those test out of the window and just hope for the best but ca n't . 
  if i do n't track o , i wo n't know if it happened and if it does n't happen i need to contact to doctor so here we go . 
  not temping , i have some serious sleeping issues at the moment and i wake up very irregularly . 
  for example last night i fell asleep after 02 , woke up 06 because dog came to tell that husband left to work ( idiot dog , husband does it every morning ) , 07 when kid woke up and opened cartoon channel for her and finally 08 when i managed to drag myself from bed . 
  troll body teasing you . 
  i hope that cd17 was o but if it was n't let 's hope it 's here soon . 
  ca n't say anything about temps but i know that stress of being pregnant and not knowing if everything is okay or not . 
  it is hard but i hope it will pay off to you . 
  i was going to write same stuff as / u/greenmangosfool but he got it right on the first time so just hugs . 
  you are not failure and it just shows how much you want this child that you get excited cycle after cycle and keep trying . 
  you are already being good parent for your future mini-me . 
  ca n't stop laughing !, 
  not really early though , usually had o cd12-14 but since my body is still not co-operating , it totally could be that o is just late . 
  i raise my hat to you and your wife to have these issues every cycle . 
  i 'm way too used to my body working in militarytime . 
  someone could please smack my uterus to regulate itself bit faster . 
  seriously , some people have normal pregnancy , healthy kid and get pregnant faster than i have even normal body back . 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm very sorry . 
  ttc is such a wait game and most of the waiting seems to end up in frustaration and tears . 
  i hope you get your referral soon . 
  i 've been just like that last few days . 
  i really hope you get pregnant soon . 
  great way to distract you from tww !, 
  i hope you 'll have fun time there !, 
  heh , i sometimes cave in and test early just so i can see that there is nothing to see yet . 
  then i can handle myself for few more days before urgent need of testing . 
  i hope you 'll negative will change !, 
  i 'm so sorry for everything . 
  * hugs *, 
  try to eat fruits every time you want something sweet or drink glass of water . 
  it 's rough to live far from friends . 
  talking in phone just is n't the same . 
  good for your body for trying to act like normal again !, 
  o o o !!!, 
  i have positive opk !, 
  i am so excited that i could have posted it on national news . 
  first confirmed o since our loss and i just so much hope that this will do . 
  it 's almost year from our first loss now and i just do n't want to waste anymore time just trying and trying and being pregnant and not being pregnant . 
  i deserve that baby already . 
  we all here deserve them . 
  run , walk , crawl , what ever suits you . 
  it is still making you move and that 's all that matters . 
  i started zr !, 
  after health issues which had caused me to be almost at bed rest for half year . 
  it has helped so much to get me back on working out and literally even just going out . 
  such a lovely thing , it is something you could just stare for hours . 
  ooh , beach sounds lovely !, 
  is it warm there ? 
  i have no idea about progesterone but i hope it will work out . 
  i hope your husband finds job soon , but even more i hope that you will have awesome surprise for your bff !, 
  argh , must be nerve cracking . 
  i hope it is just bit later implantation and in few days it will turn to positive . 
  score that o girl !, 
  be as mia as you need to be . 
  i think there is plenty of us who read these daily threads religiously but some days we just do n't have enough strenght/time/other reason to write anything . 
  waiting for your update about doctor next week . 
  baby news almost always sting when you are longing for your own . 
  hopefully we hear that news from you next month . 
  now chant with me : af stay away , af stay away ... 
  back to negative ( faint line ) opk so i guess yesterday was the official positive and we are soon moving to tww and i 'm already symptom spotting like crazy . 
  since clearly i am already pregnant i got sleep 2 hours earlier than normal and still needed nap today . 
  pregnancy confirmed . 
  heh , usually after first week of tww i start to question myself but first week i 'm always pregnant and crazy !, 
  well obviously , who needs to even test for pregnancy if you are already feeling icky ? 
  great plan !, 
  should we move this discussion into alumnithread already since we clearly belong there ? 
  i hope i can manage to 23.10 but we shall see . 
  i 'm trying to tell myself that if i test too early i could see another cp and that 's something i would n't like to see . 
  that is great plan . 
  from personal experience , last few months tracking if my body is working or not have been devastating . 
  i think you are saving yourself from lot of frustaration and heartache . 
  no idea but sounds really frustarating . 
  have you done pregnancy test or tried painkillers ? 
  caffeine is my addiction . 
  i just ca n't cut it out totally but during pregnancies i have tried to swap to tea and other stuff that has lower dose . 
  you were under recommended dose and you did n't cause this . 
  i think you are looking for something or someone to blame ( atleast i did ) , but most likely there just was n't anything that anyone could have done differently . 
  you too !, 
  why would it be , you need to rule out some stuff before deciding if you need to check with doctor or not . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  i 'm pretty sure that what ever you have tried , someone here has tried it too . 
  like / u/throwie61111 said , if someone would tell that standing on my head 30 minutes after sex would guarantee pregnancy , i 'd be 60 minutes just to make sure it works . 
  still , based on statistics , it is ~ 20 % chance to get pregnant each cycle if there is n't any other issues .
