  finally there had been some progress and now you are stuck again with baby eating all the time . 
  but after that , it 's just so convenient and easy , you always have food with you for the baby , no need to warm it or anything . 
  good luck to you with everything !, 
  crown and lannisters really really need tyrells at the moment . 
  good luck !, 
  great to hear , hopefully uncommon bd time did the trick !, 
  a need to find purpose and meaning . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  just mumble something and ask about their normal sex schedule , positions and what kind of contraceptions they prefer . 
  first of all , all thumbs up for you , your boobs sound very promising !, 
  about myself , i 'm just focusing of beign pissed of for not beign pregnant while one more friend told that she is . 
  ffs , 9 pregnant friend is way too many when you would like to be yourself too . 
  also why periods have to be so hurtful , they are already mental challenge and remainder that i failed . 
  think how awesome it is in europe , we get happy mondays !, 
  although it sucks that official airing is 04 am which is kinda impossible time to watch anything so i usually get to watch show 16-18 hours later than us people and totally miss some awesome conversations from reddit . 
  i think more interesting is that we see winterfell everytime but during episode we have n't seen it for ages . 
  torture i say . 
  they could just air it elsewhere and let americans keep their holidays and watch rest of the season week later than rest of the world . 
  i guess it 's more likely just symbolizing starks as a single unit since it 's bit hard to pin point on map where they are . 
  the extra weeks is between 7 and 8 . 
  you will always be stuck on friendzone . 
  not us so it could be different there . 
  me and dh had familyroom with our baby . 
  right after birth she was brought to my breast to feed . 
  we were holding her in our arms but also let her sleep in bed while we slept . 
  i had gestational diabetes so nurses woke me and baby up every 3 hours to breastfeed . 
  i suggest you to try to sleep as much as you can since in hospital you will have help all the time , when you are at home resting might not be so easy . 
  i 'm so sorry and so angry after reading this . 
  internet hugs for you dear . 
  it was pretty much miracle recovery . 
  even te need to pee all the time vanished immediately . 
  according to my dh , only sympton that stayed was pregnancy brains . 
  yep , you could have sansa floppy , tyrion floppy etc !, 
  heidi bears puff the stegosaurus , did this for my nephews birthday . 
  4mm hook and yarn . 
  sure !, 
  toddler distracted and i forgot to add it . 
  they are , i 'm planning to buy turtle pattern next !, 
  it was something like 80-100cm long and 50cm tall , i already gave it to my nephew so i ca n't measure it . 
  i remember , you were my final motivation to finish this since yours were so awesome !, 
  oh dear , i would be in problems if i did that , neglecting everything else and just doing motifs all the days !, 
  welcome . 
  just to point out , when you tell child that they are not your biological father , of course they will use it at some point , they are kids after all . 
  but to be biological father , you only need to produce some semen . 
  to be a dad , it 's something more . 
  you 'll be there when they are babies and tummy is hurting , when another kid smashed their sandcastle , when their first crush says no , when they are finally ready to fly with their own wings . 
  if you show to them every day that you love them and be there for them , you will be their dad , same genes or not . 
  there might be day when they try to use that `` you are not my real father '' thing if they are angry , and that will be the moment when they really just want to test your love and ability to love them anyway . 
  i could guess it 's more to do with being from \u00c5land which is much more separated from finnish culture compared to other swedish speaking areas . 
  i would be bitch and not to tell about snooping but just start to happily plan all the things to do in nyc , buy some maps maybe , mark down all the places you want to visit , state how excited you are and how happy you are to go and make the so so uncomfortable . 
  congratulations and oh dear you are pretty !, 
  finishing my bachelors in december and hoping my then 20 month old will be cheering for mommy !, 
  our dog finally got stiches of from his paw so now we can all go out to play . 
  he has been miserable beign left alone inside and my daughter is just all the time asking for him when we are out . 
  i love sansa as a name but damned grrm , write faster so i can decide it 's proper name before i 'm quitting on this child making business !, 
  i think most of those who like more unique names are those who had way too many same named persons in class . 
  it was fabulous to have ikuisuus1 , ikuisuus2 , ikuisuus3 and ikuisuus4 in same place . 
  have n't seen almost anyone thinking that , are you mixing [ asos ] ( #b `` only cat which is what littlefinger said to lysa before pushing her and lady stonehearth . '' ), 
  atleast i thought that the nickname for event ment later , not previous thing first when i saw it . 
  you can do it !!, 
  i have done two hippos and few other african flower animals and there always seems to be wall of china between me and finishing when there is almost all motifs done and i should start to join them . 
  after the joining starts and you can see that it 's actually becoming something , it gets more motivating again . 
  this combined with toddler and dog , it 's almost like having two personal trainers !, 
  do you consider yourself as a good person ? 
  it 's pretty and sounds nice when you say it . 
  it 's tilted in finnish . 
  google how much it is in euros . 
  i had that too , doctor told me to keep something to eat with me all the time . 
  it was awesome to have professional opinion that i should have bag of candies with me !, 
  beutiful baby and beautiful name !, 
  coffee . 
  i think it tastes awful and yet i have to own coffee machine or i 'm poor host . 
  child-free . 
  i honestly have no problems with them in real life but 90 % of child-free persons i have encoutered in reddit have been almost threatening with those `` you know everybody does n't want/like kids '' . 
  maybe it 's just vocal minority . 
  i support , we are too small country compared to our borders to be able to rely on non compulsory military forces . 
  i actually would vote that it would also affect females . 
  i guess so too , maybe they are the ones with pushy relatives nagging about grandchildren . 
  2 years later, 
  `` oh yeah , finally finnish translation ! '', 
  finland missing !, 
  i 'm in round 2 too . 
  first one was easy , second cycle did the magic . 
  now we have been on and off trying for 10 months , first 6 were totally useless since my af did n't bother to show up after pregnancy . 
  when she finally showed up , my school could ' t give me anymore skip years since they are changing the program so i we had to stop trying for 4 months . 
  now we are trying again and it 's cycle 2 after school break . 
  i 'm really hating it , since it 's officially cycle 2 , there is n't much sympathy around for me ( not meaning here in / tryingforababy but in general ) but i feel like we have tried almost year . 
  do you still breastfeed or do anything other that would make getting pregnant more complicated ? 
  i know that with toddler it 's hard to find time for bd , but you could approach it as a fast food sometimes and not the whole dinner with dessert . 
  trying to conceive sex is n't does n't have to be always marvellous , it can sometimes just be a fast relocationing of semen . 
  how do you feel about his intellectual superiority in your relationship or is there even one ? 
  i mean superiority , of course you have relationship . 
  do you have simulated crew also so you can go to toilet and eat something ? 
  good good , i have kinda same issue but since we are in similar fields it 's even more obvious that i 'm not the smartest one here . 
  pm me if you ever come to visit !, 
  manderly team is still pretty purely book readers so we are n't seeing much surprises unlike show only people . 
  i 'd love to see data from changes after twow is published . 
  i love to be home with my kid and if the income of my husband allows , i 'd love to be housewife . 
  i did almost the same , he just was n't asleep . 
  different taste .
