  at least i got very peaceful christmas for me . 
  i 'm almost at house arrest until bleeding has been gone for 24 hours and ca n't lift or do anything else so no cleaning or last minute shopping for me !, 
  if there would n't be stress factor , i would almost enjoy this . 
  i can just spend whole christmas laying on coutch and eating !, 
  yeah , tomorrow . 
  24 hours until santa visits !, 
  3 kids under 4 so we have santa coming pretty early so they will calm down for sleep before midnight ,, 
  thanks , luckily husband has 11 day holiday so i can just rest and take things easy !, 
  on the bright side , atleast first thought i had when i saw bleeding was that this is more like hematoma bleeding , not mc bleeding . 
  kinda sad that i can categorize bleedings . 
  well , it would at least give us half year of not obsessing if today is the announcement day for twow . 
  i had high risk pregnancy which ended due to those risks at 19 +0 when water broke . 
  high risk was n't my fault or genetics , just extremely bad luck at the beginning with placenta . 
  1 ) it is totally up to reasons why you lost your baby . 
  if it was bad luck you are n't usually rated as risk but if there was something that could have increased chance to happen again you might be . 
  2 ) depends both you and your ob . 
  i have same as in last pregnancy . 
  during last pregnancy i had 7 ultrasounds in 14 weeks because i needed so much monitoring and during those weeks that i did n't have us , i had appointment to check heartbeat . 
  i am pregnant now and i have had few extra ultrasounds , first early us to check that this time there was n't issues with placenta , second one because there was minor spotting and they wanted me to feel safe . 
  third one was normal nt scan and forth one so far was because i suddenly started to bleed heavily . 
  so far ob has been optimistic but she always reminds me that if listening heartbeat weekly or having someone to talk to more often than during regular pregnancy makes me feel better , they always will arrange time for that . 
  first loss was very early at pregnancy , we only knew 6 days that we were pregnant and second was 19w0d . 
  both times we started to try as soon as possible . 
  tw living child . 
  i think biggest reason for us to try again asap was our daughter . 
  every month we would have waited was definitely increasing age gap . 
  we wanted kids approximately 2 years apart and she is already 2y9m so mission failed . 
  now we just want second living child as soon as possible . 
  drive carefully and update as soon as possible !, 
  visited pre-natal clinic for heatbeats and there it was , 150/min !, 
  made appointment for next monday too since still mildy spotting . 
  tomorrow is my gd test , i have one more hour to eat before i need to start fasting . 
  i just do n't feel hungry now . 
  most likely , i 'm force feeding banana for myself now . 
  it is , i was reserving early so i could pick up first suiting time of the day so now i can eat fairly late and test starts 30 min later than i woked up today so i should n't have to wait much during morning . 
  i have good books packed for me so two hours should fly by . 
  i 'm 13 +4 and my bil who lives in same house with us does n't know yet . 
  we have also postponed it with `` one more us , one more heartbeat '' . 
  it actually is , i need to pay attention to what i am wearing so bump does n't show . 
  i 'm being optimistic that i could have shot for that and i 'm ten years older than op . 
  atleast my grandmothers are 88 and 92 both still alive and great aunt rocking at 101 . 
  i would n't even care about sex but try to explain pelvic rest for two year old . 
  yes , we will watch so many more episodes of sofia the first today . 
  as you said , you have made through this year . 
  i 'm often thinking of you and how you and your wife are handling everything . 
  2016 will be better year for you . 
  i know you are starting to lose hope but we here have n't lost that for you . 
  keep breathing , sometimes it is all that you can do . 
  cremating stillborn baby costs 120 euros in our county . 
  macho man , very open for options . 
  if you are bitch , nice male or pillow , we can work things out . 
  i believe in love at all sizes . 
  -30 lbs dog who has tried to get things done even with male great dane, 
  i 'm pretty much in denial with this pregnancy . 
  14 +0 today . 
  have been spotting since 22.12 when there was this half pint of blood suddenly coming . 
  it has been bit on and off but every bowel movement and even going to grocery causes it to start again . 
  got to note that it has been old brown blood since christmas , no fresh . 
  if there is n't anything alarming , i 'll wait until next mondays appointment to ask if there should be further testing or us to check out where is all that blood coming . 
  this weeks has been easy since husband is having christmas holiday but after that it is just me and 31month old again most of the day . 
  she wo n't be happy to be in house arrest with mom . 
  i would love to believe in this pregnancy but as long as i am spotting , there is not enough ultrasounds and doppler check ups to make me believe that this will all work out . 
  they checked for hematoma when it started but did n't see anything . 
  suspected reasons were that side of placenta was leaking ( which is normal ) or bigger vein from cervix had broken . 
  22.12 was latest us , 28.12 latest doppler check up . 
  next doppler check up is next monday so not that far . 
  thanks for sharing but i 'm sadly quite an expert with sch and spotting protocol . 
  when waiting for uljas i had one size of orange in my uterus which finally caused our loss . 
  limbo land sucks and it takes so much time to get out of there . 
  hang in there , today you are pregnant . 
  for this long serie , some of the first readers already have had their kids and their grandchildren while waiting for new books . 
  hell i started few years after asos was published , have met my now husband and already have had 10 year anniversary with him . 
  it usually becomes active when you make post about being there . 
  otherwise it is quite quiet . 
  i heard it too after losing our son . 
  it was horrible to hear baby crying in other room for short moment before realizing that no one was there . 
  as someone who lost baby at 19w , go and buy what you want and open when ever you feel comfortable . 
  i had bought pair of mittens for my son while knowing that i had high risk pregnancy and now they and ultrasound pictures are all i have left from him . 
  those mittens are my treasure . 
  you wo n't regret things that you bought for you baby . 
  you will regret each and every moment you spent being scared and fearing for worst , taking joy away from your pregnancy . 
  enjoy your baby , cherish them and be happy for them , do n't waste your time for worrying . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  another slap , answering to how many children you have , is this your first one and why on earth are you still worried when you are out of first trimester . 
  so many hugs to you , life sometimes sucks and there is nothing we can do about it except try to to move on . 
  passed my gd test with flying colours , heartbeat was strong and there might be some movement detected !, 
  good day !, 
  14 +5 today . 
  i got gd at 38 weeks when i was pregnant with my daughter so i have to go two screenings during pregnancies . 
  first is at 12-16 weeks and second 24-26 weeks . 
  and movement , well , there is someone who seems to be arranging furnitures or training for somersaults in my bumb !, 
  i have never felt them this early . 
  with uljas it was at 16 week but there of course was both placenta in front and hematoma down blocking for most of the area i could feel . 
  with my daughter , i was few days shy of 20 weeks before noticing anythign suspiciois . 
  i 've got one card so far but overseas can take time so other might still be on its way . 
  i have had us 5 +4 where there was only sac and few weeks later we saw heartbeat . 
  good luck , i hope everything goes fine !, 
  first pregnancy , cycle 2 and healthy baby . 
  second did n't make it and took 7 cycles to get even that . 
  third one took 6 cycles after second pregnancy but and made it until 19w .
