  i have one and while it 's a bitch , those usually are n't dangerous . 
  mine started bleeding since 5w4d , doctors where finally able to tell me what it was at week 8 and now am pregnant at 17w1d . 
  still bleeding , it has been pretty much nonstop since beginning but after 6 weeks it started to slow down bit . 
  i am still very pregnant and feeling first kicks . 
  the amount of blood can be huge , worst times it i soaked night pad in 5 minutes and grossly described it to doctor as ejaculating blood . 
  there can even be clots of old blood , biggest one i have passed was same size as lipstick container but mostly they have been smaller than that . 
  it is so scary , especially at the beginning but it is totally survivable . 
  i 'm still with plenty of restrictions , like no jumping , running , sauna , swimming or sex so this is n't exactly walk in park but manageable . 
  while i would n't wish this for anyone , i hope you rather have this than mc . 
  while this is not common , it 's not too rare thing to happen . 
  i thought you might wanted to hear that even heavy bleeding is n't always sign of mc . 
  sounds really familiar . 
  for me , first few weeks before diagnose , i felt pregnant but i was so in panic that i felt physically ill . 
  i should have seen this before watching . 
  halfway pregnant and have been feeling ill since episode aired . 
  noooooooo , my constipation was just starting to ease . 
  i was almost excited when pharmacist started to tell '' * this may cause mild diarrhea * '' well that would be almost nice at the moment '' * or constipation * '' fml . 
  it 's weird but i guess i just do n't have much nerves in my bump since with my first kid , it was only two days difference from me and husband to feel them . 
  i blame the pulse in my hands , i can feel that even when not touching anything . 
  nice to hear !, 
  oh dear , i 'm just building pillow fort . 
  poor husband , buys new pillows to replace ones that i steal and i steal them too . 
  i have noticed that for me this is more about the amount of pillows than quality . 
  enough of them and i can just jump into my fort and find comfortable position . 
  got my us appointment today and omg !!!, 
  hematoma has shrunk , lost atleast 2/3 of it 's size !, 
  the prime clot that i mentioned last week really was part of it !, 
  now when it 's this small , got some restrictions away too . 
  sex is okay if we use condom , swimming nope but sauna is okay if it 's quick visit . 
  no active sports like jogging or rope jumping but small jumps are fine and running bit to catch my kid etc is also fine !, 
  i had new doctor , i did n't really like her , talked to me like a toddler but then she redeemed herself . 
  she asked if we have time to check baby bit more since it 's so rare that anyone has appointments during these weeks so she would like to refresh her skills a bit . 
  answering to if i wanted to see schr\u00f6dinger 5-10 more minutes was very hard choice . 
  we did n't see sex but there they were dancing , waving and doing all the baby stuff . 
  they are measuring 4 days ahead . 
  doctors are n't changing edd but it 's nice to know that they are happy and well !, 
  i hope it 's just a scare , althought spotting is always scary situation . 
  good luck , hope everything is fine !, 
  i hope you can solve these things in your appointment , it 's scary to be excited and leave yourself vunerable . 
  hmm , while it seemed like silly idea , at the end point of my last succesful pregnancy , i had pretty flat pillow under my waist and belly and then another just under belly . 
  it allowed my back to be straight easier . 
  especially sauna !, 
  summer without sauna is like ... uhm , winter without sauna , horrible horrible thing . 
  awesome !, 
  just woke up so ca n't count even 1 +1 , how much did your edd change ? 
  so far already , that 's great thing !, 
  weight gaining speed so much during end of the second trimester and at third so try to live with it . 
  last time i was gaining 1-2 pounds a week for 10 weeks row from 16w to 27w and it was very hard to accept it . 
  going with gd diet is good idea , i 'm trying it too at the moment since i 'm pretty sure i 'll catch it again . 
  i 'm sorry you are feeling low , hopefully it wo n't get worse . 
  if shopping therapy is what you need , then check your budget and blow it all on cute baby clothes , maternity stuff , other baby stuff etc. 
  for me atleast shopping and eating are often even better than therapist and usually even cheaper . 
  great that you could feel the movements after all , those are always big scare . 
  good that you are feeling fine . 
  they may have over reaction but better that way than just brushing it off . 
  how did the rest of the evening go ? 
  cute idea . 
  i did it with my first one and after loss it was so helpful during first trimester to check what is normal for me and what not and now i can read what is propably coming next . 
  skipping whole week during first trimester , damn you are lucky one !, 
  technically dany is his heir now . 
  they are , you just need to go few generations back first , stannis has rhaella targaryen as a grandmother whose brother is danys grandfather . 
  waiting for results !, 
  good luck !, 
  more clots incoming , wuhuu !, 
  i 'm starting to believe in my spa + moomin world vacation at the end of the summer . 
  i like the idea . 
  i do n't really feel connection with people in cautiousbb or babybumps , but you guys are different and i really want to hear how things are going after birth . 
  somekind of rainbowbabies would be nice to have . 
  i hope you can find those . 
  i lost my engagement ring permanently during pregnancy , could n't get over it for months even though husband was most kind about it . 
  if you ever come , give me a message so i can tour you around !, 
  it 's kinda hilarious and controversial , i think pregnant women are n't supposed to be excited for clots . 
  almost viability !, 
  great that you are so far !, 
  ooh , your blob is beutiful little baby !, 
  damn , kid has 102 f fever . 
  hope it 's not contagious and feeling like worst mother ever since i did n't notice it earlier . 
  atleast hematoma has propably mostly passed away so infection risk is pretty minimal . 
  oh dear , i hope you get early appointment . 
  it 's scary but hopefully and most likely nothing serious . 
  in all fairness , he did n't do it in the books . 
  well books had something like 10 named characters on the wall , including grenn ( rip ) and pyp ( rip ) so they used some other characters who are n't in show . 
  the actual scene was pretty similar , except they did n't use benjen as a trap . 
  i guess they just had to use pretty much every familiar character on the watch that they had left in show . 
  i ment actual stabbing was pretty similar . 
  events leading to that were of course bit different and in books i think watch had better reasons to do it . 
  since that certain knight was n't in show , i thought it was n't important enough to mention , but you are right , for book readers it was pretty big thing killing that knight . 
  just came to say hi . 
  have been bit quiet and have n't been commenting much . 
  everything is technically fine but i 'm feeling so down , mostly because of hormones and i 'm tired . 
  first , whining about my toddler : kid was in fever for few days during weekend and since then , she has woken up every night for atleast hour and ca n't fall asleep and anything i do , i do it wrong . 
  for example if she asks water and i bring it , she is insulted that i offer it to her . 
  since husband needs to wake up few hours earlier than us , i have been taking care of these nights and i 'm starting to be exhausted . 
  then , whining about this pregnancy : hematoma is steadily leaving but every time bigger clot cames out , it clearly leaves way bit open and even mild excercise causes some dull pain and very mild contractions . 
  it sucks , especially when i get so much of those fake contractions , are they called braxton hiccups in english or something . 
  i 'm so damn happy that i can atleast feel schr\u00f6dinger move since even when i know clots are fine at my situation , they are still freaking scary sometimes . 
  something positive : less than 11 days to our anatomy scan !, 
  i 'm so excited to find out if it 's he or she . 
  at the moment i 'd put my vote on boy but it feels like 55 % -45 % chances so definitely not sure . 
  i even went to garagesale and found some cute baby clothes , it seems to be only place i can find reasonably priced brown , green and yellow clothes .
