  edit : now it 's off again . 
  anyone have spare sanity to send ? 
  not really unless it starts to seem like er case and in that point i would be bathing in blood . 
  of course i could go for private practise but it would n't help much . 
  until you can see heartbeat we do n't really have more information beside if the sac is still there or not . 
  since bleeding comes and goes , seeing the sac would only keep me sane until next bigger bleeding . 
  nope , for some reason it 's not really a thing in here to check . 
  i guess they could but as long as bleeding continues ( on and off ) , it really wo n't help for more than day or two . 
  ooh , nt scan is a big milestone !, 
  it 's scary but may the odds be in your favour !, 
  fingers crossed for you . 
  all i can do is send hugs . 
  one option if you have really low level character is to do beasts of fable in pandaria . 
  battles themself wo n't give much xp but you can transfer alt to shrine and then return the quests since they are account wide . 
  one that i really like is `` you will always be my favourite what if . '', 
  childfree people are immature losers . 
  awful . 
  i may or may not have second miscarriage in row . 
  bleeding started last thursday , doctor checked that i was still pregnant and everything was all right later that day . 
  bleeding has been on and off from then and next check up is bit over week from now . 
  i do n't know if i 'm pregnant anymore and it 's taking my sanity to just wait . 
  i think you are very brave for writing this . 
  you wrote lot about those feelings that atleast i feel we are n't allowed to say , like already accepting that this pregnancy too will fail and it just feels totally normal idea . 
  all well wishes for you . 
  this seems to be better day , during last 5 hours there has been less than teaspoon of blood . 
  hope it continues like this or gets even better . 
  bit scared of this week , husband will be working for 12h + days for most of the week since he has customers from other side of the planet again . 
  so if something starts to go wrong again i 'm here stuck with toddler and dog withouth car . 
  i 'm still considering that as a tattoo . 
  ouch . 
  those always feel like personal attacks . 
  money is n't problem and hospital is less than 3km away . 
  toddler is the problem . 
  my mil and sil are coming tomorrow to play with kid so i can just relax . 
  thanks for thoughts , today has been so far best day bleeding wise after the whole thing started . 
  not very happy to post here again . 
  bleeding is back and it 's pretty heavy . 
  i try to think that it 's only so heavy because it 's all blood that has pooled while i was sleeping and it 's actually just bit heavier spotting but that 's not really helping . 
  i ca n't understand why it is like 24hours heavy/24 hours mild to non existant and cycle just keeps going and going . 
  sorry to ask this but did anyone of you experience mc bleeding like this ? 
  atleast when i had mc it was constant heavy bleeding for several days before it started to turn milder but this is completely different . 
  maybe , i really hope it is something like that . 
  and as far as i know my pregnancy hormons cause some bleeding , i was spotting for 6 weeks when pregnant with my first but it was lot milder.still this is scary as hell . 
  i hope you are right . 
  today has been pretty day they and i have been crying my eyes out . 
  and to make day even worse , i got chocolate from my mother and it tastes horrible , way too bitter . 
  ooh , mighty brussels sprout , they are getting big already !, 
  thank you for telling this . 
  i feel like i 'm getting my hopes way too up so it 's important to hear the harsh facts too . 
  not really , unless it seems like there is way too much blood coming out , all they do is tell me to wait for that ultrasound next week . 
  it 's those bad sides about public healthcare , since you are n't paying in front , you ca n't really force them to test for everything . 
  hiccups are awesome , when they get bit bigger you can feel them when they are having hiccups in tummy !, 
  i wish you all the best luck . 
  you hear the best cases and worst always . 
  less than week of this limbo left !, 
  that 's what my husband is saying . 
  also he keeps repeating doctors words that atleast at thursday it seemed the bleeding had nothing to do with baby and they were like two separate cases . 
  of course it can change but it can also stay same . 
  that 's great idea , thanks !, 
  my mc was same way , lot 's of blood and no skip days before bleeding truly started to end after several days . 
  i guess those skip days are the reason why i 'm still hopeful . 
  good luck , let 's hope that heartbeat is already visible and if not , it 's only because too early appointment !, 
  i saw one last thursday and i have follow up next tuesday . 
  since it 's only first trimester there is n't really much to do except hope . 
  i could understand but not accept it if you were 16 but at 29 , what was she thinking ? 
  we do have names ready . 
  of course they are n't 100 % since my husband wants to see baby before he can be sure about the name choice . 
  if it 's boy , it will be uljas ja if girl , taika . 
  doctors argue if it was mc or cp , it was only 4 +3 so i guess it was cp but one doctor said it was mc . 
  naturally, 
  6 days i think, 
  day or two . 
  nope , nothing, 
  next period took 5 days overdue compared to my normal cycle which got me really pissed of that i was late more than i was ever pregnant . 
  i almost puked !, 
  i even had to run to toilet and was there gagging !!, 
  i 'm so happy i could dance !!!!, 
  : / thats tough one . 
  i 'm sure your husband will love them after they are born all the same but i really understand how hard it could be for him to find our sex and then wait . 
  could you maybe opt out from learning the sex before birth ? 
  true words . 
  good luck and i hope that he well see that they are two separed babies even if it 's boy this time too . 
  my body did same thing too . 
  started at barely normal weighted . 
  got almost 20kg during pregnancy and guess what , 6 months later got none of those left . 
  my body just decided that it should collect some extra for breastfeeding and my milk producton could have competed with full sized cow . 
  yesterday was almost zero bleed and today seems to be pretty close aswell . 
  oh dear i feel nauseous , awesome !, 
  next tuesday afternoon , so i guess i know results when most of you are still dreaming of their morning caffees . 
  i really like alumni thread . 
  i have been posting actively here lately since i had that week long on off bleeding ( btw , third day off , yey ) and i do n't think half of those posts would have deserved their own topics . 
  what i really love about alumni thread that i can post here every day without feeling like attention whore or spammy . 
  if i 'd need to make unique post everyday i would n't . 
  that explains why you are here so early !, 
   i feel like always being almost first since it 's 09 am here when new post comes up . 
  my kid is born april fool 's day so everything related to birthday is no prank zone . 
  i 'm really waiting for her to become bit older so she could start pranking us . 
  i 'm really trying to come up with nice pranks . 
  i have always hated pranks that leave other one more sad and confused than giggling . 
  so propably we are going to start with pranks like using food colours to make food look weird and tell it 's something totally different than what it is , like eating dinosaurs meat or having penguin milk .
