  have n't hear anything about mage tower helping with invasions , could you explain ? 
  we are bit strugling with our invasion group to get platinum and mostly because we run out of mobs fairly often . 
  now this pregnancy has been officially longer than the one before this . 
  this sounds so familiar , especially when you can see that other road going so far . 
  not just having baby but then the baby growing to be toddler , child , pre-teen , teen and finally adult and you know all that future is lost . 
  it is normal but scary . 
  good luck with everything !, 
  my husband has done this few times and only things said to him were `` such a cute baby '' . 
  not really aprils fool but damn it was hard to convince mil and fil to come grab our dog 06 am at first of april because we needed to head to hospital to give birth for my daughter . 
  why should you not try this month ? 
  oh dear , that explains . 
  oh dear , i hope it 's nothing . 
  it 's just weird how mc takes away all that faith for normal pregnancy . 
  i know percentages , i know nature is on my side but still seems so unrealistic that this will go well . 
  how do you cope with it ? 
  especially if you had early loss so you are fast past the point of your mc , does it get better and second and third trimester you can have normal only mildy worrying pregnancy ? 
  4 +6 here at the moment so struggle is real . 
  i try to be optimistic with the information that i found somewhere that only 2 % of women will have two miscarriages in row . 
  not sure if it was of all women or women who already had that one miscarriage but never the less statistics are on our side . 
  first the bad news , there was small , almost miniscular amount of blood last evening when wiping . 
  on the positive side , it 's been 12 hours and no sight of blood after that but god i 'm in panic mode . 
  few more weeks for ultrasound . 
  this makes me go grazy , always when i 'm stressed up my tummy aches like i 'd be having periods and it 's not really cool thing when period/mc pain is just what i 'm fearing for now . 
  please let me be nauseous and even puke , please !, 
  she wears black because of joffrey , not because baratheons are black and yellow . 
  same with ellaria and black dress for oberyn . 
  thanks , it seems to be okay , now i 'm starting to calm down , feel bit nauseous and no blood at sight . 
  but that feeling when you see blood . 
  i do n't want to feel that again , ever . 
  that too , how could i forget . 
  what do you think about monarchy ? 
  easy to say when we have president but i think it would be so cool to have royal family here . 
  me too . 
  it 's so funny to hear people whining about long wait between seasons . 
  they were n't there when a feast for crows finally was published and i was going mad with `` what the hell happened to tyrion '' when he was n't in that book at all . 
  talk about long wait ... 
  i 'm not really that better , new book and/or season ca n't come soon enough . 
  i was playing for the first time yesteday , everything was going smootly until suddenly half of my city was out of electricity and oil and coal plants said that they are out of resources . 
  what happened and how can i avoid this from happening again ? 
  thanks !, 
  well , atleast my male blood elf is closest thing wow can have to princesses . 
  still nope . 
  you do know pregnancy is different for every woman everytime ? 
  ffs , i had been very mildy spotting during last week but since amount was like 1 drop/day i thought it was fine until now when i felt something wet leaking to my pants . 
  yeah , its blood . 
  it 's lot 's of blood . 
  trying to put brave face for my daughter but not really working . 
  edit . 
  so still waiting for the call from nurse to what to do next . 
  this sucks . 
  i should put my daughter to naps but not sure if we need to go to hospital or somewhere and if we do , when . 
  so i do n't want to try to make her sleep and then 10 minutes after that wake her up and leave . 
  husband is at work amd having clients from middle east visiting so he ca n't really just leave and i do n't want to call him and tell the bad news , i 'd rather tell them face to face . 
  edit 2 . 
  will see doctor in two hours , they did n't actually have time but they promised to take me when ever they have free few minutes or in the end of the day . 
  called husband so i can get someone here with kid . 
  still bleeding . 
  edit 3 !, 
  the sac is still there , it 's so early that you ca n't see heartbeat but sac is still there so there is still hope !!!!, 
  follow up ultrasound in two weeks !, 
  just called there , nurse is checking if there is free times for ultrasound or other things today and should call back soon . 
  it 's pretty much earliest they can see hearthbeat so earlier follow up could end with zero more knowledge . 
  i just try to focus on positive things now . 
  bleeding is bit milder , there is no cramps , boobs are still sore and doctor said that as long as the bleeding is n't heavier than worst day of periods , there is still hope . 
  schr\u00f6dingers baby at the moment . 
  i really hope 12 days from here we will see heartbeat . 
  good luck !, 
  i was in debt to guildie so many times during leveling when i had to borrow money for spell ranks . 
  update from yesterday . 
  the bleeding has almost stopped so i 'm actually bit hopeful with our schr\u00f6dingers baby . 
  also boobs are still sore and i 'm still tired and nauseous so maybe we are still pregnant after all . 
  so am i. 
  we were supposed to pick nickname after first ultrasound but that schr\u00f6dinger really seems to fit . 
  i really hope so too . 
  talked with nurse today and she told it 's very good sign that bleeding has pretty much stopped at this point . 
  if you are lucky yes . 
  also 1,5 hours around clock for few months or in my daughters case almost year are also reality . 
  atleast i was in no place to work anything harder than counting to ten with help of my fingers at that point . 
  that sounds so lovely !, 
  still extremely mildly spotting but at this point it 's so small amount that i 'm not even really concerned . 
  i have been pretty self focused for last few days so now i just really want to say thank you each and every one of you for your well wishes , comments etc. 
  you ca n't imagine how much they have ment to me and helped me . 
  yep . 
  it can look good without shouting girly all over it . 
  most of the boxes i have seen are dark grey plastic or industry red so even bit brighter colour , maybe light blue could look better and more inviting . 
  i think i know cars well enough to not break them while changing oil but i 'm no way car mechanic . 
  what i 'd like to see in tool kit is a simple booklet with all those reminders about how basic things like checking oil , adding liquids and other stuff go . 
  other guide i 'd like to see is list of useful numbers . 
  where to call if you need someone to pick your broken car , local taxi numbers , police and emergency numbers , where to call if you hit animal etc. 
  personally i think you should n't try to be funny or aim it too much for women . 
  i saw this horrible book which offered advices about cars for women and one tip was `` use push ups and red lipstick when driving , it helps to deal with police and you get help faster it car breaks down . '', 
  i think author thought it was funny but for me it was desperate . 
  mainly because we are n't exactly sure if we are pregnant at the moment or not . 
  according to my sore boobs we are but 9 days , 18 hours and 45 minutes before we know for sure , not that i 'm counting . 
  good luck !, 
  i wrote to facebook that my baby will never come out 3 hours before my water broke . 
  zero signs earlier . 
  way too much blood to feel safe again . 
  i do n't know how am i supposed to keep hoping that this will all end well , even when i know that all my pregnancy symptoms are still here and there is still notable chance that everything is actually fine . 
  of course , if this ends well i 'm happy but at the moment i feel like i ca n't handle this anymore and i 'm ready to give up .
