  water broke and gave birth to most beautiful little baby boy who just was too small to make it . 
  so good luck to rest of you here , i 'm out again . 
  in here fathers day is 8.11 this year , which means 7 days before our used to be edd . 
  i really hope we can get pregnant before that again so it wo n't be so horrible . 
  way too many calender days of year already ruined lately and most of them are around holidays . 
  i 'm not exactly sure even myself but thinking that uljas went to heaven and one day we will meet there makes a lot of things easier . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm so glad that i got to hold him atleast once and see him . 
  it really was one of the hardest parts to tell the nurses that they can take him away but he was getting so cold and while i know it did n't matter , i did n't want him to freeze there . 
  i 'm stay at home mom and husband got 2 weeks of sick leave . 
  he would have propably gotten even more but his summer vacation starts after that so he will be 8 weeks here with us . 
  i think in that time we can atleast start to act like functional beings , even if it wo n't be what we actually are . 
  for my daughter , i really need her here . 
  she makes me laugh and smile and for small seconds , forget everything else in the world . 
  about the worst enemy , you are right about that . 
  even if my `` archnemesis '' is total bitch , i 'd never want her to go through this . 
  seriously , who can not laugh when their kid finds small box of dried bananas ( how it got on the reach of her i do n't know ) , then proceeds to slowly devour them all . 
  after that she looked me and her father straight into eyes and said `` oh no , there was n't enough for mom and dad '', 
  i may make you regret that `` please post as much as you need '' part since i seem to love essee posts but thanks . 
  i do n't know , delivery was maybe even harder . 
  that moment of holding him was so peaceful . 
  delivery , while i did n't even push at all , it still feels like i betrayed him while letting him get away from me . 
  i 'm really having ghost feeling about how his little body gets out and that 's my biggest horror at the moment . 
  he really is awesome priest , not like those stereotpical lutherian stoick priests who have less facial movement than kristen stewards at twilight . 
  at my daughters babtism he made everyone laugh while telling about him shopping prayer beads at vatican during his trip there and making some nun angry when he asked which one worked best . 
  then he was so sad that there was n't any manly prayer beads made from bolts and other `` manly '' stuff . 
  at our wedding he told few cutely embrassing stories about me and my husband from our younger years . 
  so i 'm really glad he will be there , he will most likely make the cermon to be warm and happy since i really do n't want it to be cold and full of sorrow . 
  i think it should be about all the good things that uljas ment for us , not about our loss so much . 
  thanks , he really was unique and beautiful little thing . 
  just too small . 
  sounds really similar . 
  atleast here it was rainy day . 
  i 'm really sorry but nope , not that sexy british or even american . 
  more likely [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvomffu830q ) kind of as mika h\u00e4kkinen has . 
  we call it rally english here since our racing stars like tommi m\u00e4kinen , mika h\u00e4kkinen and kimi r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen have very typical accents and the accent is like national badge of shame jokingly . 
  finnish is pronounced just like it 's written so sometimes it is very hard to know how english words are said if you have n't ever heard them . 
  my husband has amazing accent , most likely because he lived few years in new jersey as a kid , fil had job there . 
  damned you all in different time zone , it 's midnight here and i should be sleeping already . 
  makes using chat a bit hard sometimes . 
  going to do some banana shopping tomorrow , today i was still looking like i have serious case of hungover with puffy face and since it has been midsummer celebration here which is second biggest national holiday right after christmas so i did n't want to go and get bad looks for looking like i have been drinking too much . 
  it may be even good that you do n't know terminology , you use those english for dummies terms which i need when going into too specific stuff . 
  loss makes everything nonsensical . 
  there is n't much in this world that would matter more than reverse this whole thing so how could we ever find proper words to describe it . 
  atleast i ca n't , definitely not in english and not even in finnish . 
  i wish i could play some instrument to compose this into a sad lullaby . 
  aww , atleast i have proper excuse . 
  thanks . 
  universe is one hell of a mess and full of bad luck . 
  next time it wo n't go this way . 
  so would i. i think music has better ways . 
  seems like my music taste has done some time traveling atleast , listening to same music when i was ~ 16 and being so typical angry teenage girl . 
  well , atleast him and linkin park will be happy to get some more hits on youtube . 
  it was same time so sad to know that it will be only time i will ever hold him , but also so precious moment to have him there . 
  we got to see by ourself that he was indeed a little boy . 
  i do n't know yet but it will propably give lot to think in future if we want to find out sex in anatomy scan . 
  he was so warm first and since placenta was also there it seemed like he was only sleeping . 
  because of placenta it also seemed like he grabbed my finger with his hand and sometimes it looked like he was breathing . 
  thankfully there was n't any other issues with me so we did n't need to rush to surgery or anything and we got to hold him just as long as we wanted . 
  his skin was so soft and since he was so small , it was very transparent . 
  i could imagine it sounds scary but it was n't , while he was n't exactly normally coloured , all babies are bit red when they come out and it was n't disturbing difference . 
  comparing to my daughter who was screaming , bloody , angry baby who looked like so pissed off the difference was very small . 
  uljas only was less bloody and less hairy . 
  i was one of those answering 4 kids when asked how many i we want so i 'm really not going to even consider that we would n't try and succeed again . 
  i did n't take and now i 'm not sure if i 'm regretting it or not . 
  i think i wll always remember how he looked . 
  if the memory starts to fade , i think it will fade to better image with him looking more like full term baby so i hope i wo n't feel guilty about it . 
  if i 'd have pictures i would propably just stare them and mourn , or hide them in the closet like happened to all the baby clothes i bought , maternity pants and that kind of stuff . 
  i think prenatal vitamins are inside one designer bowl in my shelf where i ca n't see them . 
  no any physical pain , i took one ibuprofen at hospital and that 's about it . 
  only issue is serious anema but it 's getting better slowly . 
  ca n't do long walking , soccer field sounds like marathon , standing up fast or holding my hands above my head causes me to become very dizzy . 
  other than that , physically i 'm fine . 
  no any physical, 
  at the moment [ big girls cry - sia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nhkwzpkw1q ) , i relate way too much . 
  i have never been so jealous at myself than today . 
  my daughter was browsing her baby photoalbum and there i am , holding her with stupid smile on my face . 
  i just want those moments with my son but i will never have them . 
  rest in peace wyman manderly . 
  not forbidden , just threatened with divorce . 
  for what we know about grrm , that 's not going to stop him . 
  i do n't know it is easier or harder when i can so clearly remember and see how happy i was and know exactly what i 'm missing this time . 
  no room for trying to play it down `` yeah , i guess i would have been happy '' . 
  every dads dream come true , they get grandkids while their daughter still stays virgin and kid never has to think that their parents had sex . 
  good luck , i hope you will find yourself puking in bathroom in few weeks !, 
  worst part is that we both know we ca n't be that girl ever again . 
  maybe after we get pregnant and healthy baby is born we can cherish those moments , but pregnancy , it will never be the same again . 
  i 'm even jealous at me after first mc , it was so early that it only ruined first trimester . 
  now whole pregnancy thing is a big lie with no safe zone . 
  if you like got and have few extra hours to spend , [ chrys watches game of thrones ] ( http://captainofalltheships.tumblr.com/tagged/chrys-watches-got-full ) has never failed me . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  damn that nurse , people are sometimes way too self absorbed . 
  i think it 's really hard subject to talk . 
  if your dh is avoiding it , maybe you could try text message or other written form and if there is still avoidance , leave subject for few weeks so he can think about it alone ? 
  if he knows that you two are n't preventing , i think he is giving silent approval of trying but does n't just want to say it aloud . 
  some things are often too hard to say and easier just to let them happen . 
  i 'm having going to have to talk this discussion in future and already i know starting to try again feels like giving up on our latest pregnancy while it really is n't it . 
  i 'm so sorry for you loss . 
  while i 'm sad that you are here , it is good to have you here . 
  it is so scary to start to try again and fear everything but in the end it will be all worth it .
