  she is having phase where she wants to play with dolls , feed them , put them to sleep and take care of them and calling them babies . 
  my heart is absolutely breaking to see how awesome big sister she would be and here i 'm am , failing month after month to get her that little sister or brother . 
  even hint that you need new wool socks/mittens/scarf / hat knitted and i 'm already picking colours and taking measurements . 
  we are trying for another one , have been for 7 cycles . 
  it 's not that long so i 'm only lurking here mostly but felt the need to answer to this . 
  i know it 's different situation with trying for first one but the feelings of failure are pretty much same . 
  there is also some extra package with already having kid :, 
  * you feel guilty of not being happy with what you already have . 
  * you feel betrayed by your body . 
  it was supposed to work just fine and suddenly it is n't . 
  those lady parts can actually stop working . 
  also you can have infertility issues but those 1/100000 changes can happen with first pregnancy and you just do n't know how lucky you were . 
  * most people have their ideal age cap . 
  after a point where that age gap is reached , every extra month is making your kid older and your fantasy of certain age gap fading away . 
  * since you already have kid , no one bothers to wonder if you are having problems to have another one and they say all tacktless comments , even those who had filters when you were trying for first one . 
  * `` oh when are you having kids '' turns to `` why dont you want to make friend for lo , they would be perfect big brother/sister '' . 
  would if i could . 
  * i know this is n't nice to hear and even bit insulting but before you have kid , you do n't ( usually ) really know what you are missing for . 
  we know exactly what we are missing . 
  * all these points are doubled or more if you struggled with first one since you know it may take time . 
  all this with thoughts that are you allowed to reach for second miracle when you already had one . 
  and if you did n't struggle , it will take very long for doctors to take possible secondary infertility seriously . 
  my mothers cousin . 
  they had already adopted girl because 10 years trying and no results . 
  2 months after kid is home , they do pregnancy test and positive result . 
  fast forward year and 2y old eldest and baby twin girls . 
  she told that finally when they had their eldest home they really gave up for trying and moved on leaving stress behind and wondered if that was the reason behind pregnancy . 
  miracles happen every day . 
  dpo 7 amd going to test next sunday . 
  school keeps me busy , i have few courses left and the worst one is having exam friday . 
  but get the hype , i cried 40 minutes because i had issues with bilinear interpolation . 
  if that is n't sympton then what is ? 
  but but but , so does everyone else ? 
  then again , it 's like national treat in finland . 
  i would have used word creepy but ugly works too . 
  even my own looked like a creepy 90y old grandpa for first few weeks . 
  if the parents want it and grandparents are fine with it , sure , go ahead . 
  i was and am still one those moms who are having small panic attack when thinking to leave my lo with someone else except me or her father . 
  she has been once in sleepover with my mil at the age of 15 months . 
  few more time with her father but that really does n't count since he is as much parent as i am . 
  my mil is retired kindergarten teacher with university degree and 40 years work experience and i am still worried if she can take proper care of my unique snowflake . 
  my personal experience is that those moms ( including me ) who do n't want to leave their kids to spend night are more afraid of their own reactions and try to guilt others to feel same way . 
  i feel like a bad mom to leave my kid overnight anywhere and i 'm worried that if something happens , i 'm not there for her and she will be traumatized forever . 
  i know it 's not true but you ca n't always help your thoughts . 
  i would love to be more relaxed about it and to be able to leave her more often since her grandparents really wish for occasional sleepovers but they are luckily respecting our ( my ) decision and not pressuring me to `` abandon '' my child . 
  sorry if this post is a bit mess , not native and we are teething molars so very sleep deprivated mom . 
  i would have been very happy if someone had come few times a week to take our dog for a long walk . 
  mom , especially if breastfeeding is stuck with baby and may even feel uncomfortable to walk . 
  dad tries to be there and help and guess who get 's the shortest stick ? 
  the dog . 
  unless they have yard where they can let it run freely , taking dog for a long walk every now and then helps to keep dogs stress levels low . 
  it usually means happy dog who does n't need to whine for boredom . 
  this actually makes me bit sad , jordan will never know how the story ends . 
  i know and i do n't do it but i tried to explain why those guilt trips could happen . 
  i really would love to be able to take few night every now and then but it 's very stressing for me to even consider it . 
  a bit , it has taken long enough to all novelty to wear off but not long enough to visit doctor . 
  i 'm seriously starting to think about moving to / r/stilltrying but last time i checked it felt bit hostile enviroment for me since i already have one kid and not any underlaying issue , atleast yet . 
  same time this sub feels irritating and i 'm getting angrily jealous about every bfp posts , especially when they are those `` finally at cycle 1/2/3 '' . 
  i had to stop reading those when i noticed that my first reaction is to write fu and not congratulations so i rather keep my bitterness away from those posts . 
  everyone in my kids baby group is pregnant . 
  well not everyone really , 4 of those kids have already born and oldest just had 6 month milestone and started to crawl . 
  here i am , still sitting in front of monitor my belly empty and heart aching . 
  how can they not love evelyn anne , it flows so lovely , like melted chocolate or ice cream , almost like poetry . 
  tcc really brings out our worst sides . 
  i thought i was positive person who could nevel be jealous of someone elses happiness . 
  how wrong can one be . 
  hold your ground , hold your ground !, 
  redditors of tfab from around the world , my sisters !, 
  i see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me . 
  a day may come when the courage of women fails , when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship , but it is not this day . 
  an hour of aunt flow and shattered hopes , when the first day of cycle comes crashing down !, 
  but it is not this day !, 
  this day we ovulate !, 
  by all that you hold dear on this good earth , i bid you * baby dance , women of the tfab !, 
  memetic is word now ? 
  how is it even said if someone would kindly tell , i was the idiot who thought years that meme is pronounced like me-me and not like gene with long e . so does it do same kind of switch of letters like genetic does ? 
  hang in there . 
  baby could still make surprise entrance . 
  i posted on fb on my due date 00:05 `` this baby will never come out '' . 
  three hours later water broke and 19:07 i had my princess . 
  my nurse just said that remember to drink water as much as you can before starting fasting so you wo n't get dehydrated and try to eat enough so you wo n't feel so nauseus during test . 
  damned , i do n't crochet fast enought to be able to craft all her designs . 
  but that to be said , is n't it one cute dog there . 
  my only thought for today : i got positive from pregnancy test !, 
  we are finally going to have a baby < 3, 
  moomin comic . 
  well , sorry for that i guess . 
  i do n't care , someone might still see my comments and be able to relate . 
  i think it has lot to do with understanding what you read and how fast your brains can connect the word you see to the meaning of that word . 
  question to those of you who read books in different languages , even if there is n't need of dictionary , do you notice difference in your reading speed compared to your motherlanguage ? 
  i read much faste in finnish than in english . 
  while i read one page in finnish , meanwhile i could have read only 80 % of it in english . 
  swedish it 's less than 50 % if i get lucky and understand all words . 
  yep , and it takes approximately 3 months to be fully stocked . 
  just wanting to say hi for everyone !, 
  i have been lurking for ages but now i can make it official and say that i 'm pregnant . 
  only 3 +4 if i can trust my calender so i 'm hopefully going to hand around here until midsummer . 
  harry potter , almost any of them . 
  i 'm still waiting for my letter . 
  thank you !,
