  well not underage . 
  not much reason to worry . 
  at the moment biggest talk about muslims in our country seems to discussion of ramadan being in the middle of summer so sun sets for only short amount of time in south and not at all in east and how this affects their fasting . 
  if you really want children , leave him . 
  giving up your dreams only causes resentment . 
  it wo n't be just now when your friends are having babies . 
  it will happen when those kids grow bigger and you can just watch and be reminded what you missed . 
  then you will be at age when you ca n't have kids anymore and you do n't have a choice . 
  at the same time , your friends start to get grandchildren while you are missing those out too . 
  you will be reminded for the rest of your life that you do n't have kids and if you really want them , you should pursue your dreams . 
  edit . 
  you should have tried watching this on yoga ball . 
  whole episode my husband was cracking up because everytime i got anxious bouncing intensified . 
  being pregnant ? 
  nothing . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  edd in next week , it is hot , i ca n't swim anymore and i am feeling miserable since even just bras and pants are too much . 
  on the happier note , dressing baby is easier during summer when you need less clothes . 
  have n't been around much during third trimester so just wanted to let you know that third trimester is over and two days ago we got our beautiful baby boy into our arms . 
  thank you all for your support and love during last year and half , it has been rollercoaster ride . 
  willas broke his leg at his first tourney against oberyn martell . 
  olenna thinks highly of him and nowhere is hinted that he would be idiot . 
  post being in pureasoiaf would be kinda big hint that they may not be watching show ? 
  it is sometimes extremely helpful . 
  i have two week old who only sleeps in car , stroller or in someones arms . 
  i 'm more than grateful if someone offers to hold him so i can actually take shower or pack boxes since we are moving next weekend . 
  while baby carriers are nice , it is still hard to do any construction work if you are holding baby all the time, 
  [ the walk ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/walk-fitness-tracker-game/id678971662?mt=8 ) . 
  [ fit for battle ] ( https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/fit-for-battle/id1099563814?mt=8 ) , latasin mutta en ole viel\u00e4 kokeillut . 
  if it makes you feel any better , this is finlands first medal incoming from these olympics and so far seems like all rest of our medal hopes are crushed . 
  as a night owl whose ~ ~ demon spawns ~ ~ kids wake up at 06 am , i deserve more medals than phelps for making them breakfast at that time instead of murdering anyone . 
  hold the door . 
  as a book reader , until that i had known pretty much every big event . 
  hodors fate was something that i had n't expected and it came as a freaking huge shock . 
  not that i 'm counting but 2 hours 34 minutes before kids bedtime routine starts . 
  i 'm stay at home mum . 
  computer is so close yet so far . 
  having silver hand made me feel much more special . 
  it is just matter of time management . 
  i have clean house , bills paid , two kids and 110 character . 
  ** turku  surku ** . 
  our second baby slept there few weeks but that was because we were moving and crib was already in new house . 
  i agree . 
  come on , we are talking about guy who charged towards army when desperately failing to save his little brother . 
  it is often pointed that arya was his favourite . 
  he would never harm her . 
  menen disney worldiin . 
  i 've held my 19week boy , he looked like a baby just small and still . 
  not having sex to have optimal sperm count during ovulation days ... few years of that and all the fun from sex is gone . 
  50 % of you has been inside of your maternal grandma . 
  eggs form while female fetus is still in womb so the egg that met your fathers sperm was already created when your mother had n't even born . 
  they just mature during ovulation . 
  now that i checked wikipedia , they say that new study tells that there might be stem cells which create more eggs but my english is n't good enough to understand what the hell they are exactly knowing . 
  yes , all my babies have parked their butts on right side and refused to even consider left side . 
  my 11 year old niece hardly noticed her new socks . 
  i do n't blame her for even slightest bit , after using hand me down cellphones which have always been old and partially broken , she got iphone se and could n't focus on anything else for rest of the day . 
  they walk there or if journey is too long or has dangerous roads , they get taxi or bus drive . 
  as far as i remember she is citizen and she is good enough in finnish that she is also moderator in r/suomi . 
  t\u00e4\u00e4 on jotain urbaanilegendaa . 
   most women seeking late term abortion, 
   the study data did not include woman who were having abortions `` on grounds of fetal anomaly or life endangerment . '', 
  that 's my brother . 
  he was actually 11 when wow come out , turned 12 next month . 
  i 'm still thankful for my friends who all agreed to carry him around and when we started to raid he had spot for him . 
  he played hunter and was n't actually bad at all , no ninjapulls , autoshot afking or pet on taunt . 
  all the other hunters were at least 10 years older than him and treated him so well , when i lurked to see what they were whispering to him or talking in their class channel , there was always advices and kind words . 
  now he is adult and plays on different faction but he still plays every now and then . 
  agreed , there is so many good restaurants in old town . 
  lived there for few years and still did n't manage to visit them all because menus are quite costly . 
  i had miscarriage , late term loss and complication free pregnancy after that . 
  it was horrible , the whole pregnancy was mentally horrible . 
  i just could n't get over the feeling that this pregnancy was doomed too and i was just waiting for bad news and blood . 
  i was almost wishing for preemie so baby could get away from my unsafe uterus to be taken care with much more reliable machines . 
  despite me feeling horrified all the time , pregnancy went well . 
  you can feel sad , angry , scared and it will have nothing to do with your pregnancy . 
  you are n't psychic and can not lose pregnancy just because you mentally feel like it . 
  also , you can feel guilty for feeling good during your pregnancy . 
  you can be happy about it without cheating your losses . 
  when you get pregnant again , try to enjoy . 
  feelings of doom are normal . 
  usually there is two big milestones to hit , to get past your losses and to get past viability . 
  fear still stays but getting past those points seems to be big deal and ease the stress a bit . 
   in a hospital you can find someone having the best day of their life , the worst day of their life , the first day of their life , the first day of their life and the last day of their life all under one roof, 
  that one has too many first days . 
  no vituikshan se jo meni . 
  so has my daughter , no one believed that we had our baby without picture proof . 
  you are never too old to have fun . 
  got my kids to sleep and my handsome blood elf will once again fly around until midnight . 
  pattern : not existing / only in my head . 
  these were actually quite simple to do , just slip stich acting like cable . 
  sorry , there is no pattern but these were quite simple to do , those stripes are done with slip stich using cable technique . 
  go ahead , waiting to see your version !, 
  i have to thank my sister for photo . 
  already gave them to her hour after finishing these and then later remembered that i had no photo so she took one for me . 
  colors of that original pattern are stunning !, 
  sorry no , too projects lined up already . 
  still no , also postal charge would be enormous . 
  that is same technique !, 
  after understanding basics , you can move those slip stitches on any direction you want . 
  only warning i can give is that be careful when decreasing , i got some serious troubles when decrease was in the middle of two slip stich stripes and had to improvise to regain symmetry .
