  yeah , first daario was awesome . 
  he was steaming hot with enough confidence and giving all that bad boy `` here comes trouble '' vibe . 
  welcome and congratulations !, 
  so i decided to turn this night into a personal ( pity ) party , i have water , cheese , grapes and chocolate . 
  you wan na know what i really want ? 
  coca cola , sushi and sex . 
  have n't had sex since february i think . 
  do n't even remember anymore . 
  but nope , even if bleeding would stop immediately , there is atleast 2 weeks wait . 
  damn that tww sounds familiar , it was never my strong point of ttc . 
  like that bleeding would stop anyway . 
  well , less than 36 hours to listen to heartbeat !, 
  i 'm trying to surround myself today and tomorrow with good things , even made reservation for us and bil to very good restaurant tomorrow , it was ranked to top 10 in finland some time ago . 
  somehow we live less than 1 km away from it and have never visited . 
  so maybe everything will turn fine . 
  i have had same kind of dream with my first one , i still remember it even when it was almost 3 years ago . 
  funny thing , when comparing , the girl in my dream does n't look like my daughter at all , but after that dream , my friend had baby and she is carboncopy from my dream . 
  weird . 
  for some reason , pregnancy hormons ( and later also nursing hormons ) cause very vivid dreams atleast for me . 
  same with pms . 
  all we had to pay was my husbands meals and stay for 3 days in family room and even they were cheaper than hotel would have been . 
  same as yesterday , day before that etc. . . not too much blood but since it comes out slower , it looks like clots even though it 's just old blood . 
  btw , midwife said that it 's a good sign that it 's not bright red anymore . 
  i could use better toilet paper thought , i bought some super sensitive stuff since i have been wiping my lady parts like crazy for last weeks and they were getting pretty tender . 
  well anyway , that toilet paper leaves so much little particles and when you are afraid of anything even mildly solid coming from that area , those particles have caused me more than few panic attacks . 
  i 'm really starting to sound that i have serious first world issues here . 
  no one told how different ttc after loss would be . 
  before loss , i was anxious but pretty positive . 
  after loss , i was devastated and desperate . 
  sounds like you handled edd with grace . 
  it 's so great that you are feeling movements !, 
  oh dear , the gaming space is sensitive issue . 
  we both have also huge desks and while moving to smaller house , husband lost his office . 
  now we have both computers in our bedroom , not ideal but they fit . 
  i 'm too young to give up my gaming !, 
  i had nice day , even have been bit nauseous , yei !, 
  less than 12 hours and having my appointment and atleast now i 'm having positive attitude towards it . 
  also started to cry because i was telling my husband how nice he was when he offered to help his sister with their moving without her even asking . 
  i realized i truly have nicest , kindest husband i could dream of . 
  only mental breakdown was when i was putting my kid to sleep at evening and for some weird reason , started to sing a song i strongly identify as the theme song of our loss . 
  did n't make it to chorus before tears . 
  maybe was n't the smartest move to start sing it . 
  spoilers first , we have a heartbeat !, 
  whole visit was bit dramatic . 
  so i went to my appointment , there was also a midwife student participating which was fine by me . 
  midwife first warned that it 's so early that there is still a risk that we wo n't hear heartbeat even when everything is fine . 
  first the student checked but could n't find it . 
  then midwife checked , searches , searches and nope . 
  `` well i do double check just in case '' . 
  searches , searches , starts to talk about making next appointment for thursday so we can try again and in the middle of sentence says `` shhhhh '' . 
  there it was !!!!!, 
  approximately 160 beats/minutes , it was so quiet that machine could n't register it but we heard it and it was such a beautiful sound . 
  so next week i 'll have nt-scan and week after that i 'll have meeting with midwife again just to check heartbeat again . 
  i think i can live with this . 
  freaking out is very kind way to say it . 
  i took almost 15 minutes to find it and i started to be in tears . 
  aww , being constantly tired sucks . 
  same time , being in high risk category with strick restrictions of not getting my heart beat too fast since week 5 , it 's really hard to get people get that i really ca n't do much at the moment . 
  ooh , that 's so impressive moment !, 
  those dreams suck , i hope you can get over it . 
  11 +1 today  less than two weeks for second trimester !, 
  oh dear , hopefully it 's just a scare . 
  pardon my language but perkele . 
  bleeding was supposed to be slowing down . 
  last 10 days i have had only mild bleeding and was already hoping it would go away . 
  big nope , today ranks to top 5 of worst bleeding days . 
  i 'm so grateful that i heard the heartbeat yesterday , otherwise i would be in corner sobbing in panic . 
  this just sucks . 
  it 's so overwhelming feeling when it comes . 
  i do n't know what real panic attacks feel so sorry if this in inapproriate comparison but i really feel like those mc scares are like minor panic attack every time . 
  i have n't been so active here , more on the / r/ttcafterloss but just wanted to rant a bit more . 
  my pregnancy sucks , big time . 
  11 +2 pregnant . 
  i have been ranked as a risk pregnancy since week 5 and bleeding for 5 weeks and 6 days in row now with no end at sight . 
  i 'm having this hugantic hematoma in my uterus , it 's approximately 3x bigger than baby . 
  otherwise i 'm feeling pretty normal and fine , which actually sucks when my biggest `` symptom '' is bleeding . 
  only positive thing is that because of being risk pregnancy , i have already had 3 ultrasounds and extra visit just to listen to heartbeat . 
  but just so you know , bleeding heavier than during periods does n't always mean mc . 
  i think everything is fine for baby , blood is same at it was few weeks ago , totally liquid with zero clots . 
  i guess i was having too much fun yesterday shopping after midwife appointment . 
  back to home rest i guess . 
  my app says week 17 is navel orange if its any better for you ? 
  i understood it was the parents who asked so usually it includes feeding your child if they are having food soon . 
  i 'd let 4 year old hang there hour or two at most before checking for the kid . 
  ooh , have a nice journey !, 
  where to in italy ? 
  i 've been there once and their food is truly marvellous !, 
  you hit the nail with that one step - two step thing . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm so sorry , this is so unfair . 
  all the hugs , you are in my thoughts . 
  time traveling fetus , is n't it the most obvious thing ? 
  not trying to scare but some babies reach that 25 pound in half year so start that strenght training . 
  have been doing some comparisons since my kid is at the age of 2 years 26 pounds and have been underweight her whole life . 
  our baby group updated a weight/height list after every check up at baby center and there where few babies 25 pounds and 6 months while mine was 15 pounds at that age . 
  where do you guys find those pages/apps who says tater tots , french fries etc. 
  mine only has fruits . 
  have fun at your journey !, 
  oh dear , why did you link that ? 
  there is so many foods i have never seen before but i have now urge to eat them .
