  author also changed writing style and it was extremely annoying thing to do , you ca n't write 12 books in one way and 13th in other . 
  it left me thinking that author got bored and just wanted to cash out the story . 
  they are so freaking capitalist rightwingers that whole society suffers . 
  not sure if you are talking about employee of strip club or just a random twerking woman in club . 
  think about situation where that girl is your mother/daughter/wife / grandma . 
  so short answer is nope . 
  long answer , sometimes recipient may think it 's okay for them if you actually give compliment and not just shout out you willingness for sexy times . 
  nothing wrong with heavy metal . 
  i play it to my kid and she seems to like it . 
  you more than likely have never heard of hevisaurus , it 's finnish heavy metal band for kids . 
  they sing in finnish but videos are child approriate and band characters are cute . 
  this is my own favourite from them : viimeinen mammutti . 
  it 's a lullaby for mammoth . 
  you should go to bed , it 's your turn to wake up with kid next morning . 
  ca n't really say much about formula since we never used it . 
  brestfeeding , if it works out , is so easy and free . 
  for first 6 months , you do n't need to carry bottles or formula with you and you will always have food for your baby . 
  also during night , no need to warm a bottle while baby is already screaming for food ( at best 10 + times a night , my baby was from nightmares sometimes . ), 
  it burns calories like miracle , when baby is born it 's something like 400kcals and it grows a bit while baby gets bigger and needs more food . 
  guess who will have to eat those calories for the baby . 
  yep , it 's you who needs to eat more or lose some babyweight without giving up anything from your normal diet . 
  it gives antibodies for baby so there is a chance that if you get sick first , baby wo n't get at all . 
  note that this is not fool proof . 
  the pros from formula , after you stop breastfeeding , you are not dependant of baby to eat . 
  our kid was 8 hours with her grandparents when she was 3 months old , not a big deal you say ? 
  ffs my boobs were exploding even thought i pumped few times during that day , pump just did n't empty them enough . 
  so here i was , miserable with `` my boobs hurt and baby is far away '' . 
  i really agree , atleast serie gave some kind of closure but book ending was horrible and i like to imagine that there was only 12 books and it just ended in cliffhanger . 
  i signed for gym . 
  bad news is that one day after i got flue so not going there yet but atleast now i have the membership and i 'm really planning to go . 
  i 'm planning to strenghten my back muscles because those will be so much needed if i get pregnant . 
  smart choise . 
  burn that book . 
  not sure if i have this completely right since i 'm actively trying to forget it but :, 
  [ book ending spoiler ] ( / b `` sookie had been going with eric for the last few books but erics maker had made some marriage arraingement for eric . 
  sookie choose not to help him while she could have and they could have had their happily ever after . 
  she ended up with sam , the only man who she had n't hooked up in any point of books . 
  i do n't know if you have read the books or not but in the books there were so many more those `` written in stars '' moments with eric and sookie so it was really dissapointing . '' ), 
  [ book spoiler about godric ] ( / b `` yep , godric was n't erics maker in books . '' ), 
  yes . 
  20 more seconds where sun sets during their party and camera zooms to forest where eric is there , watching with that half smile . 
  how about eloisa ? 
  it would mean same thing in finnish but maybe be more common name . 
  it really sucks , and whole time during af every trip to toilet reminds you about your failure . 
  since it 's morning i 'm gon na tell about my yesterday . 
  for breakfast i drank some soda . 
  during lucnh time i made few sandwitches . 
  some more soda , shame on me . 
  then i had macaroni with minced meat in creamy sauce . 
  during evening i ate somechips , chocolate and more soda and went back and forth wondering should i eat ice cream but did n't really feel like it . 
  my eating habits are n't so shitty everyday , except the soda but it was sunday !, 
  main point why i stay skinny is that i do n't really have sense of hunger . 
  i can forget to eat and realize 3pm that i have n't eaten anything yet , just drank pint of water . 
  [ habitrpg ] ( https://habitrpg.com/ ) turn your life into rpg game , helps me to remember all those little things to do and sets the task list . 
  two years ago . 
  it was morning sickness but surely did n't look like it when walking dog saturday morning in area where plenty of students live . 
  last time i was actually vomiting because of sickness it was 1999 and i remember it because i was lying in bed , miserable , listening to radio and that 's the way it is from celine dion was playing there over and over again . 
  after that i have vomited few times because of alcohol . 
  someone was wrong in the internet and i needed to fix it !, 
  i like them but we are bit distant . 
  i moved away when they were 15 ( f ) and 12 ( m ) . 
  for long time i had problems to understand that my brother is actually adult too now . 
  they are much closer with eachothers , given that they lived much longer together and even when they moved out , they have always lived less than 10km from each others . 
  i 'm pretty jealous about it but you could n't study things i wanted to study where my parents live . 
  i 'm certainly willing to drop pants if the man in question is married to me . 
  i had my first break up and called to them in the middle of the night . 
  there was no questions asked about timing , no comments about feeling sleepy or me waking them up . 
  there was just open ear ready to listen to me and comfort me . 
  read the notes you have already made and if not , make them fast . 
  then go to sleep early enough to be able to sleep well and still woke up in time to read those notes again . 
  `` drink until it feels like you did the right thing '' by bronn, 
  propably by screaming him to come look if he sees the positive too . 
  i 'm no way keeping it a secret from him second longer than i have to . 
  i have been told by doctor that before you get positive that you can eat and drink what ever you want . 
  meanwhile he recommended that blackout drunk is n't very good idea at that ( or any other ) point . 
  in it 's own weird way , it 's very finnish thing to watch . 
  me and my sister watch it together nagging about dresses . 
  i ate chocolate . 
  so much chocolate . 
  it really depends if i 'm having good day or not . 
  i know this month i wo n't be happy if there is negative , it will more than likely be total mental breakdown once again . 
  last cd1 was okay , i only little cried and mostly ate everything i found . 
  same . 
  o should have been here today but maybe tomorrow . 
  i love my daughter but really , 3 days of the weeks that she is in daycare for 6 1/2 hours are awesome . 
  my heart shrinks when i need to leave her but same time , being introvert it 's so good to get some me time . 
  my toddler is one of those who are never still and always climbing and running everywhere . 
  my child is not burden , i want to be with her but i 'm so much better mother when i get some time off and i know she is in a nice place where she can play and have friends and loving adults around her . 
  awesome , i missed the [ cosplay ] part of the tittle and for few pictures were convinced that the real deal was behind these pictures . 
  i can agree with 2 . 
  baby poop if brestfed does n't smell bad in a way adult poop smells so it 's not really that big of a deal ) 15 . 
  20 . beign issues with my first one . 
  9/25 is pretty small . 
  just saying this because you do n't need to look at this list and be horrified of everything . 
  of course , someone will propably win the baby bingo and have these all but fingers crossed it 's not me or you . 
  also nymeria sand vs oberyn . 
  i do n't know if i phare myself wrong or do i comment against the hivemind but if i comment here , i seem to get couple of downvotes without any comments to explaing what did i say wrong this time . 
  i feel like only certain type of opinions are allowed . 
  some do but not all . 
  you really ca n't do much about it , try to poop in toilet before pushing phase if you can .
