  four something dare !, 
  only my cp/mc ( doctors never agreed which one ) showed that early , viable pregnancies positives have come 3-4 days later . 
  those days always seem to go in pairs . 
  i hope that day wo n't be too hard for you . 
  oh dear , do n't really know what to say but lot 's of hugs . 
  way to go girl !, 
  such a nice gift , serves you both if you 'll bring new things you learned to do to back home !, 
  i hope you 'll get anniversary surprise !, 
  few days ago , wednesday maybe , i was telling how post partum bleeding has almost ended . 
  well since thursday it has been much worse constantly , from one extra thin pad/day and no pants at all during night to 2-3 normal pads daily and blood is much fresher . 
  combine that with flue and i 'm starting to panic if i 'm having somekind of infection there or other issues related to pregnancy stuff . 
  it could also be just because i have been much active since thursday so it 's affecting bloodflow , just coincidence or i could also have light flow periods . 
  i do n't believe in periods , it 's only 27 days post partum so it would mean they started at 25 and i have never had that short `` cycle '' . 
  i have no idea if i should call doctor or not . 
  i 'm not having fewer but neither did i have it when i had infection already in my uterus and needed strong antibiotics . 
  i think i 'll call at monday if there is n't any drastic changes . 
  please keep posting . 
  while i 'd wish everyone would have good news in here , it 's comforting to know that others have sometimes tought time too and there is plenty of room in these threads . 
  i do n't know if i dare to believe in that superfertility . 
  friend who has same age daughter as i have started to try for second one at same time as i did . 
  she got pregnant immediately but sadly had mc . 
  then she got pregnant immediately again without even having peridos and that kid is almost half year old already . 
  meanwhile , here i am , waiting to try . 
  after first mc ( she was already half way pregnant that point with that viable pregnancy ) she was happily poking me not to worry since i 'd have that superfertility like everyone including her . 
  well , it took half year to conceive again so that 's about that superfertility . 
  i hope nature or doctors find good solution for you . 
  it was kinda popular with adults reading fantasy but had n't caught bigger audience like lotr has . 
  first boardgame based on game of thrones was published 2003 if i can trust info of that box in its corner so it definitely was n't obscure thing either . 
  it saddens me that few words of explanation from ned to sansa about why they need to leave back to winterfell and thing could have ended so differently to them . 
  happy dance !, 
  got lab results and there is no infection so most likely i 'm having periods !!!, 
  great timing , it 's exactly 31 days to post partum check up and labs and it was strongly recommended that i would n't be pregnant during that ( like i 'd have that kind of luck ) . 
  if these are periods , i 'm having cd 5 or 6 today so if my cycle is somewhat close to old cycles , i 'd have o few days after those labs !, 
  technically yes . 
  there is n't any reason to not try except those labs and i think i 'm going to wait for them with all tracking systems . 
  i 'm no way willing to pee on opks at the day of funerals so this cycle will be ntnp and after that starting to count days again . 
  out of combat resser and buff machine , i ca n't understand why after that i still miss those times . 
  to be honest , most focus in waiting was for tyrion who was missing from 2000 ( asos ) to 2011 ( adwd ) . 
  i started reading approximately when affc was published 2005 so i do n't know how those original troopers could wait for so long . 
  tell that to wasps and scorpions . 
  i 'm so freaking tired of this . 
  while labs were okay monday , these clearly are n't periods . 
  10 days heavy bleeding with clots does n't sound like periods to me atleast . 
  going to gyn monday but i just feeling so hopeless , sad , angry and frustrated now . 
  i ca n't understand what happened year ago . 
  my body used to be my friend and now it 's just ruining everything and feels like prison more than temple . 
  day 34 post partum for me , except for the fact that bleeding started at march and never since has been a day with no pad . 
  no idea , doctor i saw tuesday was normal doctor and not gyn so she did basic check up . 
  since there was nothing life threatening i was n't send to er but got urgent booking for gyn which means 1-7 days of wait . 
  ofc it is 7 days for me . 
  they have n't ruled out anything else except infection , having ultrasound on monday . 
  that sounds horrible option . 
  good that you had it figured out . 
  he is , he went to missing at asos after purple weddings and then came back at adwd . 
  hmm , it started with heavy bleeding and clots right after giving birth ( 21.6 ) . 
  12h later they did us and said everything seems to be correctly . 
  2 weeks of heavy bleeding , 1 week moderate and then 3-4 very mild spotting . 
  last weeks wednesday ( 15.7 ) i started to get flu symptoms and same day bleeding jumped from spotting to heavy again and has been that way since . 
  this weeks monday ( 20.7 ) i went to take labs and everything came back normal . 
  tuesday morning there was few grape sized clots and colled to doctor again that these really ca n't be periods with these clots . 
  doctor checked thing but since she was n't gyno , it was n't very reliable check up and she decided that i need us . 
  now i 'm waiting for that us for next monday ( 27.7 ) . 
  it is really frustrating , i 'm trying to adjust my brains from our ideal 2 year age gap to `` well , atleast it can be under 4 years '' . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  i had mine 19 +0 and i was told to wait for check up / one periods . 
  it depends so much of how mc happened , did everything come out and those thing . 
  i 'd atleast wait those first periods to get easier time with timing everything . 
  today was my sils daughters babtims and name revealing party . 
  it was way worse than i thought and spent most time sobbing in kitchen . 
  i was so green of jealousy that uljas will never have that party , or any other except his funerals which are next friday . 
  stressing those out too . 
  they were and sil had told that she would take no offence if i would cancel in last minute or anything so i 'm not too worried about that . 
  atleast i was slightly prepared and could sneak to kitchen without causing a scene . 
  my doctor said that you wo n't get pregnant right after mc unless your body is ready to handle it and it would n't increace risk . 
  there are some spesific situations when you need to wait longer but i think you would have been clearly told so if you where in one of those . 
  us clear and everything okay . 
  talk about super periods . 
  13 days ( still not over ) , huge clots and everything but they are officially periods . 
  i have no idea at what part of cycle i am so until next cycle this truly will be ntnp . 
  such a relief . 
  damned , i 'm so sorry . 
  your wife is talented !, 
  ttc is so confusing , exhausting and overwhelming so no wonder you have had down days . 
  you are always such a beacon of hope in here and it 's good to hear that you are starting to feel better . 
  oh dear , hoping for quick recovery . 
  ough , sounds frustrating . 
  i hope you 'll get your answers and best possible results . 
  i 'm sorry for you . 
  i hope your o waits for your husband . 
  it 's tough . 
  they are trying to relate but same time they just do n't understand . 
  seems like you and us have spend same time at ttc , it 's so long time to wait and then lose the one you waited for . 
  i sincerely believe nature/doctors will find a way and it will happen to you . 
  welcome , sorry to have you here . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ttcafterloss/comments/307c5l/poll_for_the_wiki_how_long_did_bleeding_last/ ) is results of survey in this sub few months ago . 
  you can look at those and compare your situation to those who seem to match . 
  still every mc is unique . 
  yei , i get to fill another one !, 
  what type of loss did you have ( i.e. 
  miscarriage , ectopic , stillbirth , etc. ),
