  agreed , that ( envy of risk pregnancy ) was actually said to me at one baby board when expecting uljas and going into my fifth or sixth us . 
  try to look for treasures which provide garrison resources . 
  for example [ handy notes ] ( http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/handynotes ) is neat addon if you do n't want to waste time for every treasure and just grab those that give garrison resources . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.wowhead.com/guides/garrisons/guide-to-farming-and-spending-garrison-resources ) is also guide for farming resources . 
   help him understand that miscarriages are your body 's way of saving you future heartache . 
  a uterus only rejects fetuses that are not strong or healthy enough to make it to term . 
  this was not a freak tragedy , something preventable or anyone 's fault . 
  this was your body realising that something is badly wrong with the baby , it 's not going to make it , so it 's trying to clear out the space for a new , healthy fetus . 
  i know you mean well but that is n't very good thing to say . 
  it 's not always case of something being wrong with the baby . 
  my baby was perfect , there was nothing wrong with him but things happened , things that i could n't prevent and we lost him . 
  i get angry each time when someone blames my baby for his death . 
  we were all hoping for you success . 
  if the thought of going there makes you sick , just cancel and tell that you are sick . 
  feeling somewhat hopeful and same time totally hopeless with this cycle . 
  it 's 11 days of the doctor visit when i was told that ovulation has n't happened in this cycle . 
  af has n't showed up yet , periods could have started already but they have n't so i 'm still bit hopeful that we could have a shot at this cycle . 
  devastating thing is that i have felt like i 'd be pregnant but due logistics , it 's impossible to know it for atleast one more week . 
  so here i am , waiting for af and not sure if there has been o at all . 
  if af does n't show up soon , it leaves room for only one more full cycle before our edd . 
  if af comes in few days , there could be two cycles . 
  it will suck so much if this is long and useless cycle . 
  also i find another reason to hate my brains . 
  i was reading about girl who has exactly same edd as i had . 
  her baby has heart issues and will go to surgery immediately after birth but chances for success are close to 100 % . 
  there she was , telling how other should not talk about aches and fears because she has bigger issues . 
  i do n't know how i managed to take higher road and not send to her that she should n't whine either since atleast her baby is alive . 
  then again , there could be someone now thinking that i should n't whine either because i atleast know i can get pregnant and cycle continues . 
  i know , i have already passed first edd i lost , though i kinda missed it since it was 3 days after uljas ' birth so it did n't really matter much at that point . 
  your words are very wise once again . 
  you 've had a hard day . 
  ttc can really take all the fun from bedroom , especially during o. 
  your english is fine , do n't worry about it . 
  yeah , i would be and still am totally understanding that it 's awful moment to learn that something is wrong with your baby . 
  still telling other people that it 's not okay to talk about other issues because hers are biggest in her perspective is not okay . 
  nono , she was n't telling me to not grief , but other peoples with their issues like being scared of giving birth , exhausted with nausea or sleepless nights and all joints hurting should n't talk about those cause she has bigger issues . 
  my troll brain wanted to shout at her that she should n't either whine since there are still people with worse deals . 
  to lift your spirit , i have always fallen into flu like sickness for few days in tww if there has been viable pregnancy !, 
  although that makes having flu much worse if it 's just an ordinary flu . 
  get something , runny nose , flu , plague , measles , something that could be transmitted to newborn and there it is , your green card of not going to near babies for few days !, 
  it must be hard for you and your husband and to be honest , your brother and sil sound like ignorate morons . 
  damned , if you are truly desperate , eating tobacco will cause fever like effect for few hours and it 's really hard to catch from real deal but it 's no way healthiest way . 
  i know guys in army did that few times when they did n't want to go to do something . 
  red wine could make you look bit like sick if drank enough and maybe also make you feel better . 
  they could catch that one too . 
  hmm , you could tell that someone at your work has something serious and you feel bit sick , sore throat maybe , but not certain if you caught same disease so you will take day before checking the baby to be on safe side ? 
  i feel for you . 
  we are too at the wait game of o. cd33 and no af but at cd 20 doctor told that no signs of o yet in us so we may have o about now , or not at all . 
  few more weeks to be sure or af to get here . 
  it truly does . 
  are you temping or using opk ? 
  i do n't do neither , not stable enough day routine for temping and using opks now feels like such a waste . 
  we just have sex every other day and hope for miracle . 
  first , i hope your call will be about being pregnant . 
  secondly , congratulations auntie !, 
  atleast your brother and your sil knows that getting pregnant does n't always happen instantly and you 'll have support there . 
  there is always that 2 % of why them and why not me even with people you 'd wish nothing but happiness . 
  it 's totally normal and you should n't feel bad about thinking like that . 
  oh honey , it 's so damn hard . 
  i 'm starting to feel that those who get easily pregnant and stay pregnant are using some cheat codes . 
  good for you that you have support from your husband . 
  actually i 'm proud of you that you did what was right for you and stayed home . 
  your first priority is your mental health . 
  you will make it and there is always a new day coming for you . 
  great to hear that you are dealing with your issues . 
  undereating is n't best thing ttc or pregnancy wise so it 's very nice to hear that you are taking control of that part of your life too . 
  you can make it , one spoonful at time . 
  hmm , maybe about exercise which would help you with controlling your weight and ease up getting pregnant , being pregnant and finally delivery ? 
  your weekend plans sound awesome and so does your attitude , great to hear you are having good time !, 
  i have the same habit and still get confused when there is nothing . 
  when starting for ttc # 2 fourth cycle was when i lost faith for getting pregnant fast , while 4 sounds small number , it is long time already and every passing cycle makes you wonder if something is wrong . 
  i hope you find your answers . 
  good luck !, 
  now the dice has already been rolled so we just have to wait for your results . 
  i really hope they are positive . 
  right for me atleast , lines start to show up 1-2 days before o for me . 
  poor thing , checking those places is n't exactly pleasant . 
  it has been less than month and if someone thinks you should be doing more they are just plaing wrong . 
  losing child is pretty much worst thing that can happen in humans life and there is no abracadabra to make everything okay after that . 
  pregnancy hormons seem to make me gain weight like famine would be coming tomorrow , so they could be doing that to you too . 
  good luck for your cycle , it sounds so promising !, 
  uhh , seeing depression nurse first time tomorrow . 
  we shall see how it goes . 
  i 'm still in the middle of being hopefull and hopeless with this cycle . 
  while i 'm not out before af shows up , i 'm still not sure if i will ovulate at all in this cycle and since i 'm not tracking it , i wo n't know before af or bfp . 
  made deal with myself that i will test 27.9 first time . 
  i calculated it with very hard math , using differential functions , position of jupiter and colour value of apple i ate today but that could be dpo 11 so there might be something to see . 
  or not . 
  it really should count the most . 
  visited depression nurse today . 
  it was quite good visit . 
  i cried a lot but same time i got to discuss about everything that makes me feel sad and more importantly for my daily life , things that irritate me and make me feel angry about everything . 
  it was really useful and we 'll see in few weeks again . 
  we are starting to abandon sleeping pills and it makes me same time very happy but same time so scared that i ca n't sleep properly anymore . 
  still no af so waiting goes on . 
  tv shows : game of thrones . 
  for shows that have ended already : desperate housewives . 
  movies : moulin rouge !, 
  musical artists : pet shop boys , alphaville from international . 
  if someone wants to check finnish pop/rock music , pmmp and apulanta are awesome and on the heavier side , sonata arctica and sentenced who are singing in english .
