  there is the whole article , ** contains adwd spoilers !, 
  i did the same and thought my vision is still to blurry from emotions of rw to comprehend this . 
  tag this to spoiler episode 10 rather , there is still some parts that may be shown in final episode . 
  in finland there is usually men 's room , women 's room and unisex room for babies where you have changing tables etc. 
  it also has normal toilet furnitures so you do n't need to leave baby outside if you need to use bathroom . 
  also talk with the mother of you baby . 
  she needs sleep too and even with zombie-hormons you will get eternal gratitude by letting her sleep . 
  my husband every now and then told me to go to sleep and takes care of the first feeding of the night , which in the first week ment my only chance to sleep more than 2 hours without waking up . 
  this . 
  right after birth during first few weeks hormon levels are going through rollercoaster ride for pretty much every mother . 
  i had uncontrollable crying from 5pm-9pm every day for a bit over week . 
  i knew it was ridiculous and did n't have a single reason to cry but i did . 
  also look after yourself . 
  remember that apart from breastfeeding , you can do everything the mother can do just as well . 
  you are not a baby sitter who only takes care of the baby when mother need help , you are the father . 
  talk about the birth before you actually go in labour . 
  ask what she thinks , if there is things she definately does n't want to do or something she wants . 
  especially talk about possible emergency surgery . 
  you are the one she is counting for to tell medical staff what she wants when/if she ca n't speak by herself . 
  also during labour , ask if you can help her . 
  if she needs to hold your hand you do it even when you feel she is crushing your bones . 
  bonus : do n't look at the monitor and tell her when contradiction is coming , she knows it already . 
  usually if there is n't scare of any medical risk to avoid sex , males seems to be afraid of poking the baby with their dick . 
  according to my doctor average 2 month old baby cries 2 hours a day . 
  so you just need to get used to it . 
  about number 2 . 
  i 'd say sleep as much as you can but make your so swear that she will wake you up when ever she needs you . 
  better for all of you if atleast someone gets a decent sleep . 
  nope , bastards only have claim if no legitimate heirs are left , true-born children , brothers etc come first . 
  they will have to use atleast few episodes to properly introduce new characters . 
  also just creating just the base for pike and dorne will take some time . 
  finn here and a mother of 9 weeks old daughter . 
  these really are great . 
  quality of clothes is also brilliant , besides her own box clothes , our daughter has also plenty of older clothes from '80s boxes since my mil saved almost all babyclothing and they are still totally usable , only bit retro . 
  some finns whine that colours are dull but i think they are fine and unisex . 
  there is also the issue that goverment budget has stayd exactly the same for last ~ 10 years without any inflation checks so soon they will have to reduce stuff from box unless goverment does something . 
  finn here , they had competition year or two ago for the new looks of the box and that one is the winner . 
  it 's pretty common still . 
  atleast all my friend who have babies let them sleep outside . 
  usually if you have few children already you do n't need more baby clothes and third thermometer for bathing . 
  other case is twins , triplets etc. 
  with twins you get 3 boxes , triplets 6 boxes and you can combine boxes and money how you like it . 
  for example with triplets you can take three boxes and 3x140 $ . 
  that is to compensate all the special equipments like 3-seated prams . 
  not silly at all . 
  smallest sizes are 50 and biggest 70 . 
  here is the link where you can read about all the items in box in english . 
  ca n't really say who is main character of got . 
  he is funny and rich , not a bad deal at all . 
  i watch movies from my laptop . 
  yes but not alone . 
  i 'd take my dog with me and have self-delusions that 13kg of fluffy hairs would protect me . 
  yeah , they are second cousins . 
  when he takes off dirty socks , he turns them over to halfway so they are sock balls so when ever i do laundry i have to undo his sock balls . 
  since this is the worst i can think of i guess we are doing fine . 
  tag team with my husband and head to the arctic circle and beyond . 
  if there is one man to survive anything from zombies to alien invasion , it 's him . 
  if you would be my husband i would propably be angry with you but the whole story sounds so hilariously stupid that i could n't be angry very long . 
  does she have any other reasons to doubt your fidelity ? 
  if not , tell her the truth . 
  actually , tell her anyway since now you leave her thinking if there is actually someone else in your life . 
  it is pretty much the norm we are used to . 
  i do n't give a single thought if the page is in english or in my mothers tongue . 
  only thing reminding me about it is the fact that i have to keep dictionary in one page so i can check the spelling of some words when i write . 
  thing i find disturbing is the fact that sometimes people just assume that everyone is from certain country ( often us ) and has same laws , same political systems etc. 
  it makes discussion much harder when you need to introduce your backround about that kind of stuff before you can actually comment on subject . 
  not at all , finland representing . 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` young griff may or may not be targaryen but besides him there really is n't any closer relatives to dany than stannis '' ), 
  completely normal . 
  no matter what age you are , your parents usually are to rock you can rely on when rest of the world turns against you . 
  of course it is a big deal when something happens to that rock . 
  same here . 
  i started ~ 2001-2002 so there was first 4 years of waiting for tyrion . 
  then my prayers were answered and affc was finally published . 
  i read the book and completely break down . 
  well fine i thought , one more year and finally then i find out what happens to tyrion . 
  year passes , another and after almost 10 years i finally see his name in the title of chapter . 
  almost broke down to tears of joy . 
  edit : seems like i need more english lessons ... 
  small statue made of sugar , representing pig from invader zim , it was a decoration for our wedding cake . 
  this picture was the example for the cake maker http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20080622230259/zimwiki/images/thumb/f/f5/gir_pig_flying.jpg/156px-gir_pig_flying.jpg, 
  denial is strong in this one . 
  go ahead , start planning the wedding , he is a keeper . 
  i hope martin does . 
  just curious , had your parents been long together before marriage ? 
  our child was conceived ~ 5 days after weddings in our honeymoon trip which we thought was perfect . 
  still got to point out that at that point we had been together almost 7 years and only thing keeping us from trying to make a baby earlier was the fact that we wanted to get married first . 
  every pov character has been casted , i do n't believe they skip him . 
  hedgehog !, 
  i wan na be ball of spikes !, 
  agree , that was the point when he won me over . 
  he my not be very likable , we definately would n't be bff if i 'd meet him irl but he is the on true king . 
  nice listing . 
  i think the weddings are propably bit later , maybe in episode 3 or 4 since tyrions story arc would otherwise be bit dull during this season . 
  just sitting in jail most of the time . 
  i 'm almost certain that they will start iron island stuff in next season . 
  poor little child . 
  i 'm feeling so bad for her . 
  yep , being heir is n't beauty contest . 
  hopefully dany dies so stannis is the number one for the throne from both baratheon and targaryen bloodline .
