  people would be so much more sensitive when asking if you are pregnant , telling that you should already have kids and announcing their `` oops i got pregnant lol '' in facebook . 
  plastic bottle . 
  fuck , now i ca n't return it to get my money back . 
  i actually like the first week of tww , it 's the least stressful part when i 'm not yet symptom spotting or thinking could i already test . 
  you seemed to read wrong . 
  they are afraid that someone will ask about their baby trying efforts . 
  it 's kinda like / r/childfree , a safe haven for actually talk about those feelings . 
  it 's one of the only places where you can vent about your jealousy , frustaration and dissapointment to your own body . 
  you have peeked in to my daughters drawer . 
  we avoid buying pink . 
  not because we would n't tolerate it or she would hate it but everyone is buying her pink . 
  she got 8 cloth items for christmas , only one pair of socks was n't pink . 
  when she is old enough to pick herself , she is free to take all those pink barbie/pony stuff but until that , i 'm avoiding buying pink like plague . 
  also pink is much harder to recycle . 
  we are trying for second and if it 's boy , half of our daughters clothes are pretty useless when they are pink dresses full of flowers and all that girly stuff . 
  i 'm not saying boys ca n't wear pink but i 'd find it akward if my sons clothes would mostly be pink unless he would have chosen them himself . 
  i saw one truly touching tattoo text about mc . 
  it went something like `` you will always be my favourite ` what if ' '' . 
  / r/miscarriage and / r/ttcafterloss is good place to go if you need someone to talk to . 
  upgrade followers, 
  start farming raiding with leashes iii . 
  jukebox, 
  thanksgiving is n't thing here but i have been thinking same about christmas . 
  i initially have been against idea of having christmas baby but at this point of ttc , i could n't care less even if the baby is born 24.12 , it would be best present for me ever . 
  if it happens , it happens and they will have best half-birthday parties ever at summer . 
  ugh , your writing about sex being chore is like reading my own thoughts . 
  romantic love making is far from this scheduled fertility window sex . 
  we tried smep for few months but just could n't do it anymore and now we are every other day during cd 10-15 . 
  i 'm at the point where whole ordeal seems useless , sex or no sex , result is periods anyway . 
  sounds really annoying . 
  :( * hugs *, 
  my periods have been wonky after mc , cycle can be anything from 26 to almost 30 but it 's always o +14 days so atleast i can count it . 
  just so frustrating that before mc it was 28 days , no more , no less into a point that i could reserve my wedding day year before actual date and know that i 'm not having periods then . 
  so every time cd goes 28 + i 'm hoping for pregnancy even when i know it 's only dpo 12 . 
  to be honest i love to read opinions from the not pregnant one . 
  those post often give me some kind of window to my so 's head and maybe help me understand what he is thinking during this process . 
  ttc # 2 , cycle 12 , cd 22 . 
  my daughter turns 1y 11 months . 
  vaginal birth which went pretty well . 
  i 'm feeling sad and worried since this is taking way longer than what i thought it would . 
  we were supposed to have 2 year age cap and here i am sending birthday invites for our daughters 2y birthday and not even pregnant . 
  i was supposed to move to third trimester at the end of this month but nope . 
  i 'm talking in facebook group about size differences of spring outdoor cloths for kids and here comes that damn girl who has my duedate ( = duedate of my mc ) and just is so oopsie , this is a good topic to announce that we are having girl . 
  ffs , for certain reasons i ca n't block her so could she please keep her belly away from those topics that are n't about pregnancy or about herself . 
  i do n't like the use of word trigger but it 's best i can come up with , that girl is a serious trigger for me . 
  nope since it 's a group where we discuss together . 
  oh dear , i remember standing in razorgores corridor just waiting for someone to die . 
  dpo 11 and i realized a very sad thing . 
  i 'm not even expecting positive result anymore , just waiting for half more year to pass so someone will do testing and tell us what is wrong . 
  not really since doctor/public healtcare is the reason why we ca n't get anything tested before it has been year from mc , not year from starting ttc . 
  i 've read study somewhere that 50 % of first positives are done at dpo 12 or earlier . 
  so it means 50 % ( of the succesfull ones ) sees negative still at dpo 12 . 
  some book reader speculation , not exactly spoiler but reveals who are atleast still alive in books . 
  [ s5/adwd ] ( #g `` somehow i feel tommen or myrcella is going down since it seems to be someone who has n't died in books . '' ), 
  aww . 
  mine ( 23m old ) is always yelling for ham . 
  have you checked for * kielikylpy * - daycares near you . 
  i know most of them are swedish but in bigger cities you can find english too . 
  library system here is pretty nice and you could find plenty of movies , audio books etc in english where you could help her catch up her english . 
  also watching movies in english with english subtitles could help at bit later age when she recognices letters . 
  two more days before i will test at dpo 14 . 
  this week has been weird . 
  i feel healthy but thermometer says i have mild fever . 
  small part of me hopes that it 's sign but mostly i 'm already waiting for af since it comes everytime anyway . 
  yes , with best dailies you could level from 1 to 25 with right buffs in less than 6 fights . 
  now the same daily gave less than 1/4 level at the leveling point where you used to get 4 . 
  haha . 
  i remember in vanilla how guildies 4 year old son had sneaked to play while his mother had to answer to doorbell . 
  back she comes and son is happily showing : `` mom this is fun , i clik this thing and it does a wonky thing ! '' . 
  what he did , was clicking flasks and being excited about global cooldown shadow effect . 
  she said it took every inch of her nerves to not shout at him . 
  i just have to post this !, 
  i got the most faintest line in pregnancy test at dpo 14 . 
  i 'm in panic !, 
  it went same way with my daughter , very faint line and it never got to be as strong as the other line but now she is there , just fell asleep for her naps . 
  with mc the line was stronger at dpo9 than what this line is but i guess i do n't need to explain what happened later . 
  somehow comparing these makes me bit less nervous but i 'm so scared . 
  besides other answers , they can possibly have guild channels like / methodheal or propably something not so obvious showing in chat logs and they really wo n't want every troll from the server to join there . 
  nervous nervous nervous !, 
  second day in row with positive test . 
  i have this weird feeling but i do n't know if it 's because i 'm pregnant , because i 'm soon not pregnant or just because i 'm freaking out . 
  please let it stay , november would be awesome time to have baby , i would n't miss a single christmas meals . 
  hope so , my calender says due date is 15.11 but we shall see . 
  thanks . 
  guess i 'm sleeping then . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  mc is stuff of nightmares . 
  i would n't wish that for my worst enemy . 
  as / u/notantisocial said , / r/miscarriage for initial mourning and / r/ttcafterloss when you are ready to start again . 
  the easiest pet tamer ever , ashlei , is in shadowmoon valley . 
  alliance easy mode !, 
  this atlantis dialect sounds fascinating . 
  thanks , i really hope it too !, 
  thanks !, 
  keep up trying !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm doing awesome , i truly love being nauseous at this point , atleast my body tells me that i 'm still pregnant !, 
  i hope you will feel terrible for many months !, 
  yep , and it 's cheaper than testing everyday just to be sure !, 
  i hope you will find yourself puking in bucket half asleep as soon as possible !,
