  and really , 9 months is n't that long time . 
  while i know accidents happen and you may eat something not recommended , why to risk it ? 
  bring more clothes to hospital, 
  99 % of the pregnancy issues and pain goes away immediately when baby is born . 
  so keep pushing , it 's really easiest way out . 
  listen to your body , not some stupid `` natural birth only in position x or gtfo '' books . 
  very easily , i had earlier miscarriage and did n't want to tell anybody about anything . 
  especially when seeing all those `` at week 6 you still have x % chance for mc charts '' i wanted to keep our mouth very shut . 
  drink water and eat gum or pure xylitol tablets . 
  i hope it goes away soon !, 
  not sure , i buy from grocery store but also local pharmacies sell those . 
  but then again , what is common in finland and in place you live is two different things . 
  zero sex after conceiving , although by doctors order . 
  16 +2 now . 
  he was n't very happy looking when i noted that he may not have sex during this year at all anymore . 
  if/when this baby is born , there will be post partum bleeding and last time it took almost 10 weeks . 
  so eta for sex is somewhere 2/2016 . 
  spoiler safe yes , but for people afraid of spiders , this is nsfl . 
  i think my point did n't come across how i ment it . 
  i understand there is risks and yes , even i take my daily coffein gladly . 
  but when there is totally safe version of food which tastes approximately same , i do n't understand why to risk it then . 
  maybe she has swapped position and is kicking to other direction . 
  try to stay calm !, 
  that also , and we do have some different listing here , for example ginger is at our avoid - list and as far as i know it 's not really common thing . 
  so maybe ours are also worded bit differently and giving way bigger idea of risk . 
  if you are having sch , bleeding happens , you just has to live with it . 
  i 'm 16w3d pregnant and have been bleeding since 5w4d . 
  i know this sucks , especially when there is more blood that you have ever seen during periods . 
  my husband said it well last night . 
  `` there is nothing wrong with baby , baby is fine and alive , only you are having problem so stop worrying '' . 
  while it sounds bit harsh , he made me understand that sch does n't often have anything to do with baby and their well being even though bleeding from your uterus is scary as hell when pregnant . 
  gave up and called appointment for tomorrow to listen heartbeat . 
  next appointment would have been next monday but i just feel too anxious and worried to wait there , even though i have no real reason . 
  i 'm pretty sure they hope and wish that every mom coming there worrying about babys movement , they can send them back home with smiles and `` see you later nearer your edd '' . 
  patience clearly is n't my strongest feature . 
  i have , friend even offered one free but then i would be checking heartbeat every 2 hours and panic if i 'd fail to find it . 
  so better that i try to keep myself calm and if that fails , i call to mid wife and get time for same or next day to visit there . 
  fingers crossed for you baby , i really hope everything is fine and you will have most boring pregnancy with zero suprises , except pleasant ones . 
  i could believe it would be even worse to you , double checking if you heard both babies or was it just baby a twice etc. 
  haha , you 've got mean little thing there , keeping mommy worried and kicking dog !, 
  edited some errors , seems like i 'm making those lot these days . 
  yes , the old one . 
  sitting my the lake was one of my favourite things when idling . 
  it 's really weird but same time encouraging that our pregnancies are progressing . 
  i was so happy to see february bumbers thread stating to garther in baby forum i visit . 
  i 'd maybe try to explain that you need to learn to be intependent with babies too and while you love her helping , you need time to learn to be all by yourself/with your husband . 
  i really hope that too . 
  planning to finally confess to my grandma next saturday and i just ca n't take the risk that baby is dead while i tell her that i 'm pregnant and edd is her birthday . 
  how about some kind of babypackage for him ? 
  burb clothes , some cute little shirt saying `` daddys best friend '' , ear plugs and that kind of stuff . 
  that 's what i 'm planning to do , although fathers day here is on november , week before my edd . 
  oh , that makes it completely different . 
  congratulations and i hope everything goes fine !, 
  had my appointment and surprise surprise we have still/again heartbeat . 
  midwife was lovely once again , i was bit embarassed to come check heartbeat when i 'm having next normal appointment next monday . 
  she said that nothing makes her happier than having worried mothers visiting and 5 minutes later leaving with smiles on their face after listening heartbeat and knowing that the mother can releax atleast few days . 
  but still , when can i stop stressing this , i 'm running out of count of appointments where i have gone and have been sure that this time there is no heartbeat anymore . 
  well , atleast next week will go fine . 
  monday i have appointment with midwife and tuesday one more follow up us . 
  do n't forget her periods !, 
  same story . 
  atleast this time i knew to not wait for it . 
  with my first kid , energetic part started at 38w and was mostly `` someone somewhere in internet said that long walks may start labour '' . 
  good luck !, 
  i know , but those first movements were pretty much the reason to my worries . 
  i 'm 99.9 % sure that i felt those last saturday . 
  even pretty sure that i felt those sunday and monday too . 
  after that , nothing . 
  midwife reminded me that since placenta is on front and hematoma is blocking in downstairs , the area where i can feel moving is so minimal that it was just pure luck that i felt those first kicks already . 
  great news !, 
  sch sucks but now you know that if there is bleeding , it 's most likely that and nothing more serious . 
  tmi , very gross !, 
  pardon my language but fuck this shit . 
  i could n't be more happy that i went to listen heartbeat today , otherwise i would be at er sobbing now . 
  just passed huge clot , it was as long and thick as my tumb . 
  it was n't your regular slimy cloth , this was more like gelating . 
  no pain , no cramping so most likely it is hematoma actually coming out and not just slowly bleeding but i swear my first thoughts were very dark . 
  if nothing weird happens i 'm forcing myself to believe it was the prime clot and waiting for my monday appointment . 
  anyone willing to trade this for hypermesis or something else ? 
  certainly !, 
  but it could have had some kind of note `` do n't mind me , i 'm just happy little hematoma searching for new adventures '', 
  i 'm not certain if that would be bestseller material but then again , it could make atleast few strips cyanide and happiness . 
  still bit shaken about yesterdays mega clot . 
  interesting thing is , today , i have bled less than any day during last 3 months . 
  pad is almost clean and i have seen pretty much nothing while wiping . 
  i hope this is the beginning of glorious , not so bloody , pregnancy !, 
  then i just want to share funny thing my kid did . 
  she is 2 years old and today , decided i 'm not allowed to sing lullabies when putting her to her naps . 
  instead i had to read them like poems . 
  my singing will never recover from this insult . 
  line is a line , even if it 's faint . 
  she is the best girl in whole planet . 
  awesome resting !, 
  had my mid wife appointmet today , everything is fine besides my hemoglobin which is still dropping like stock market during black tuesday so iron suplements it is . 
  tomorrow is ultrasound !, 
  interesting thing is , i still can barely feel movements . 
  sometimes if my put my hand on my bump i maybe feel them but my pulse is just way too strong . 
  the interesting part is that my husband can feel them pretty well . 
  i feel like cheated , it 's in my tummy and he can feel them better than me !, 
  you could maybe have subchondriac hematoma ( sorry , not sure how to write it in english ) .
