  ooh , cool !, 
  it gave me very positive swedish vibe when crown princess of sweden is victoria and her little sister is princess madeleine . 
  half way already , wow !, 
  it 's not too early , definately possible but demands planets in right position , or in this case uterus and placenta . 
  it 's bit on the late side but not uncommon , especially if it 's you first time at the point of pregnancy where you can feel movements . 
  it took until 19w for me to realize it 's movement and not gas with my first one and i had optimal uterus and placenta position and not much fat , i was just slow to realize it i guess . 
  now i 'm even less optimistic when placenta is on the way . 
  first of all , congratulations are in order !, 
  days after positive ? 
  panic , examine every wiping at bathroom way too carefully , panic bit more and symptom spot like crazy . 
  on more serious note , atleast i just tried to calm down , kept telling myself not to get too excited and hoped for the best . 
  those will definately be long weeks . 
  i 'd try to prepare to make that choise and study options . 
  also plan to have open mind and if it seems like you did wrong choice , try to prepare for that . 
  try to stay positive , even people who are technically born in one gender are sometimes considering that as the wrong one and correct it later in life . 
  so you could have to face having transgender child even if everything seemed to be normal now , atleast you know that there is risk for that if you have to choose their gender . 
  therefor you are aware of risk and can be there for them at the early age and not try to force them in to wrong box if it seems like it does n't fit . 
  this is one of these moments when i wish i could say this in my mother language so there would n't be translation errors . 
  but best of luck , more than likely you do n't need to make that choice and if you do , you know what you are dealing with later if the choise seems to be wrong one . 
  are you sure you have to choose ? 
  i think there is cases where kid has both genitalia and correction is made later when they are starting to identify with either gender . 
  good luck , symptoms can take time , it 's quite common that they start after 5w so do n't panic . 
  damned , you made me cry in the middle of day . 
  you said all those things so beautifully that i 'm in awe . 
  congratulations , that 's great line !, 
  glad to have you here !, 
  those are supposed to be worst weeks nausea wise so maybe it will make turn to better soon !, 
  ooh , you have scan 2 days before me !, 
  sorry for the work and schedule mess , hope you can work out some kind of tolerable solution . 
  why ginger ? 
  is n't it in the `` not to take during pregnancy '' - list ? 
  my go-to eating was almost frozen grapes when nothing else seemed eatable . 
  brilliant news !, 
  i have our next us coming next tuesday ( 15w2d ) and if everything is fine and going to right direction , i think we are finally ready to go bit more public at my graduation party on june . 
  interesting , it was moved 2012 from recommended nausea remedy to not recommended at all list in here , atleast on long term use as in ginger tea and raw ginger . 
  i finally manned up and ordered another maternity jeans . 
  while i love the city i live , how there is zero stores that sell any maternity clothes is beyond my understanding . 
  yeah , finnish `` not to eat list '' is bit over cautious sometimes i think . 
  great to hear and they are so big , ooh , no wonder you have been feeling very pregnant with those double hormons and everything . 
  snacking is nice !, 
  have you tried drinkable snacks like smoothies , i guess they will be useful during summer ( like it would start anytime soon ) . 
  awesome that they were so excited !, 
  i ca n't wait to hear your moms reaction !, 
  that sucks . 
  have you considered different apps this time ? 
  guess most of you know this anxiety few days before us . 
  there is no realistical reason to be in panic but damned if i 'm not sure something is wrong this time . 
  the fact that i have been wrong about it every time during this pregnancy does n't help my nerves at all . 
  even more so , even broken clock is right twice a day . 
  atleast 15w0d starts to sound like actually pregnant even in my ear and not just prolonged first trimester . 
  i 'm using pregnancy + , it 's free and in metrics ( also imperials ) . 
  it 's atleast on apple store . 
  waiting anxiously for tuesdays ultrasound . 
  maybe i could be ready to announce after that . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  tuesday morning . 
  less than 36 hours so i guess i will make it . 
  or not . 
  congratulations , great to have you here !, 
  haha !, 
  my body has propably already forgotten what sex even feels like . 
  i think one thing they gave us also was that myrcella mentioned she has been there years . 
  so now we have some kind of vague grasp of timeline during seasons . 
  i 'm so excited . 
  husband noticed i 'm starting to be freaking out with that us coming tomorrow and agreed to discuss about names last night to get my mind into something more positive . 
  i figured out it would just be us going through our name list and telling `` yeah , this is nice , this is neutral , at the moment i do n't like this '' , like we have done many times before . 
  instead , this time something clicked and we may have name for a boy . 
  well atleast first two , we still need third but there is lot 's of options . 
  now i 'm just hyping myself with how awesome this name is and that maybe we will find out tomorrow if we are actually having a boy !, 
  i 'm jealous , i have all these nice maxi dresses waiting for me . 
  then i notice it 's only 53 f here . 
  our summer sucks . 
  well tbh , it will rise up till 63 f afternoon so it 's actually starting to get warm !, 
  15 +1 so they can see it but not sure if they will try !, 
  maybe she was just so excited and in shock that it was some kind of coping mechanism . 
  i hope she will be more reasonable soon . 
  when my mother seems to be over caring , i always remind myself that at some level , i 'm still her baby and it 's scary world out there and she is trying to protect me from everything she can . 
  it makes most of her doings very understandable . 
  i 'm sure it is desirable at some point but it has n't been over 68 f since beginning of last august so i 'm really wanting the summer to come back . 
  i 'm pretty much decorating giant flag to carry out with me which says `` tell the sex !!! '', 
  tomorrow , but nope , no preference . 
  i 'm still afraid of mc so at this point i 'm happy if its alive and human . 
  i sincerely hope that everything is fine and no hematomas for you , those suck big time . 
  it must be rickon , oh my , how can they do this to him ? 
  i hope feeling the movements will help , atleast you are getting daily check up if they are alive or not instead of waiting appointments . 
  that story from omaha is so sad . 
  heh , it will propably be first post of the new alumni thread , our us time is 90 minutes before thread changes . 
  and thanks , i 'm bouncing from worried to excited and back in few second intervals . 
  if it makes you feel better , i have been using maternity pants from week 12 . 
  it sucks that now it 's still just belly for over eater , not cute bump yet . 
  schr\u00f6dinger is alive !, 
  sex is still mystery . 
  i 'll edit more in few moments as soon as i get my kid to sleep . 
  edit : so , everything was fine for baby , they were sleeping during us but hearth was beating happily . 
  in the beginning doctor told that this appointment is more about checking hematoma and not peeking baby and she was true to her word . 
  of course she checked that baby is measuring correctly but mostly it was taking measurements of hematoma . 
  on good news , it has ** finally ** stopped growing and baby and their sac is finally bigger than hematoma , so it is n't taking space from baby . 
  on the other hand , it had only gotten marginally smaller so atleast few more weeks bleeding incoming which means atleast 4 weeks of no pools . 
  nice summer coming . 
  so we still need to be cautious of infections .
