  of course it is also option for father to stay at home during parental leave and child home care period . 
  also after parental leave , dads get kinda like extra month . 
  there is possibility to take paternity leave which lasts ~ 1 month after parental leave has ended to encourage fathers to spend time with their child and take part to raise kids . 
  all these are after each baby so if i would have had uljas to stay with us , i would be at maternity leave now and could be 3 more years at home . 
  if i would have work place waiting for me , they would have to have place for me to come back unless pretty much whole business is shut down . 
  and that is just our options to stay at home . 
  then there is also things like free schooling , free healtcare and other horrible communism stuff . 
  also got to mention that `` when the child is under 10 years of age and suddenly falls ill , you can take temporary care leave to stay at home and look after the child . 
  this leave may last a maximum of 4 working days . 
  either parent can take temporary care leave , but not both at the same time . 
  care leave is meant for looking after a sick child or for organising child care . '', 
  if someone finds this fascinating , here is [ official site ] ( http://www.kela.fi/web/en/families ) for whole deal with govermental participation to raise a family . 
  i know i 'm doing same . 
  especially `` only 2 % of women who have mc , have second mc in row '' that i saw somewhere was my mantra when i was expecting uljas . 
  well , that did n't go so well . 
  now i 'm again staring those statistics and especially the part that there is only few percent risk after seeing heartbeat and it will be on next monday !, 
  so go ahead , try to find comfort from statistics , if it helps then good for you . 
  for me it helps at least . 
  i have same issue . 
  what helps me is that we have the biggest symptom , as in no periods and positive pregnancy test . 
  everything else is just extra . 
  i still wish for mild nausea though . 
  ouch , mine does opposite , had to shave like once a month after first trimester . 
  you mean friday late night chat ? 
  i 'm in !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  our last year christmas card were supposed to have ultra sound picture attached . 
  take care of yourself . 
  as someone who has done positive pregnancy test two weeks ago , i 'm so pissed off if i 'm in delivery during launch . 
  i want to watch my 5 hour queue and crashing servers !, 
  well , atleast i have perfect excuse to play at night . 
  `` yeah yeah , i 'm tired because baby was up all night , of course i was n't leveling '', 
  i already have one kid . 
  i know raiding is off limits but kids sleep a lot . 
  have been super busy since it was fathers day today in here so we have been visiting my dad and fil and of course had party on our own today . 
  anyway , i 'm so anxious about tomorrows ultrasound . 
  16 hours , i can survive that right ? 
  houston , we have a ~ ~ problem ~ ~ heartbeat !!!, 
  they were measuring 6 +0 but since it is pretty much out of the question that i would have done positive test on 3 +1 and it is still quite hard to measure 1mm creature , we agreed with doctor that edd is propably 1.7 and i 'm at 6 +3 . 
  i hope you will feel better soon . 
  good for you with christmas planning , makes december so much better when you can just relax and enjoy !, 
  i hope everything is fine . 
  how far are you ? 
  i had almost 6 weeks of spotting from ~ 8-14 when i was expecting my daughter . 
  never found the reason but everything went fine . 
  great that you enjoed your babyshower !, 
  i hope you can find out wat is bugging you !, 
  waiting for you update tomorrow . 
  i hope it will all go fine . 
  and being too tired to reddit is definitely a sign !, 
  sure , link had stopped working for me too so edited into original post too . 
  awesome news !, 
  two hours , gosh . 
  i thought i was so much further since i have heard 2-3 after every mission . 
  thank you , atleast it seems like that i can get it and 20k done this week then !, 
  hi , just wanted to give you note that i 'm here , everything is fine etc. 
  i 'm just taking a bit of a mental break from here since i try to avoid remembering that i 'm at first trimester for every damn second of my day . 
  good luck everyone , may the pregnancy be as boring as possible for all of you , except those positive exciting parts like baby kicks !, 
  not sure if it was just our warlock gms idea or more common thing but he did somekind of tanking in illidan phase 3 . 
  depends what you mean as later stage . 
  i was pretty much at half point of pregnancy when plancenta got infected and water broke because of that . 
  normally reason is that baby dies in uterus and you do n't feel kicks anymore or doctors ca n't find heartbeat . 
  you go to hospital , baby gets delivered and then your life sucks . 
  you get most of those post partum issues that people who have normal pregnancy have but you do n't have baby with you . 
  they do bunch of tests usually and then if you want , you are mentally strong enough and losing baby did n't cause any physical issues , you just try again and hope for better luck . 
  after that most people act like you never were pregnant at all and ignore the fact that you had son or daughter and say smart sentences like `` you will understand when you are a mother '' . 
  suddenly that baby who was miracle who everyone was waiting for is just something that never happened and never gets talked about and you are alone with your so and few friends remembering how your heart broke . 
  i noticed that one too . 
  after trying both 4w3 mc and 19w mc , both suck so big time . 
  they are different , yes , and usually physical recovery from later loss is harder but both of them hurted so bad . 
  it 's like comparing which is worse , burning to death with fire or steaming water . 
  kotiteht\u00e4v\u00e4 , en laitakaan screenshottia vaan [ linkin ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/knitting/comments/3rjic4/knee_high_cable_socks/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link ) . 
  my husbands phone number . 
  it has been same for all the time i have known him and we have been together over 10 years . 
  i frequently need to fill it in papers or invitations and still i need to check it every time . 
  tie between wyvern cub plushie and 10 year anniversary statue . 
  you are adorable . 
  go burn more stuff !, 
  great to hear !, 
  damn , i hope it will go away soon !, 
  still here , still pregnant . 
  7w6 already . 
  so mild nausea that you ca n't even notice it most of the time . 
  i just want to eat everything . 
  twice . 
  also during evenings i start to have a bump . 
  uljas had his edd last sunday . 
  it was sad day but now it is over . 
  i 'm just so pissed off that no one said anything . 
  no call or text where someone would acknowledge what day it was but nope . 
  sure , for someone it happens as accident , but when things do n't go as planned , making babies is hard and mentally taxing . 
  definitely not blaming you for not remembering exact date , there would n't have been any way for you to check it unless going through 30 pages of my reddit post history . 
  it just , i thought my mother would remember , or my sil since we often talked how she and uljas would almost share birthday but nope , no one . 
  where is the boring pregnancy i ordered ? 
  yesterday evening was third time that i had spotting , this was biggest but still so small that during pregnancy of uljas , i would have called it off day from bleeding . 
  this drives me crazy . 
  i 'm just anxious panicking mess once again . 
  8w here today too , just no ultrasound . 
  i 'm going back and forth if i should call to pre-natal and ask if there is possibility for mental health ultrasound . 
  propably not so waiting for next weeks payday and going to private sector .
