  i have no personal experience but just hugs . 
  we are in same situation , just one cycle behind . 
  doctors usually say that year of trying before any testing , especially since you have real life proof that you can become pregnant succesfully without medical help . 
  the pressure to give sibling is horrible . 
  with first kid you were just waiting for the kid . 
  now each passing month makes the age cap bigger and atleast for me it 's a big deal . 
  how old is your kid . 
  mine turned one during spring and this summer there has started to be all those `` so when will you have second ? '', 
  thank you for reminding me , i have been avoiding this whole day . 
  `` some day my prince will come '' from snow white . 
  ouch , i had pretty much same experiment , contraction waves just came and came and between them i was painfully shaking . 
  it was horrible since there was n't moment of peace to gather yourself and get in to top of that pain . 
  after finally getting epidural it all went away . 
  it was great to be able to relax for a while . 
  i waited until baby was born at it was awesome . 
  my lo birthday was first of april so there was lot 's of confuse going around if this was real or not . 
  10:44 am in finland , wondering should i already leave to mall or wait a bit longer . 
  there would be program to use all donated semen so we could start repopulating mankind . 
  george, 
  30 $ , filled up most of the gas tank . 
  at the moment it 's more likely just bloat . 
  you are pretty petite so you will start showing earlier and continue to look bigger than girls at 5 ' 9 . 
  it 's just natural fact that there is n't as much room between you ripgage and pelvis and baby has to go somewhere . 
  it is still . 
  there would n't be any problem without cheating . 
  head to hidden candy stash . 
  not working , still addicted . 
  my mother has bracelet which we bought for her when my sister was waiting the first grandchild . 
  now sister has two and i have one and we have always added tokens with the first letter of kids name to my mothers bracelet . 
  she has been so excited , especially when that letter has been only clue about babys name for few weeks . 
  babies are wonderful moving targets and all those small things are so fast to craft . 
  i try to be nice usually . 
  beign jerk can ruin someones day but kind words can make that day better . 
  world would be better place if everyone tries to be kind to each other . 
  those apps lie so much . 
  `` you will feel how energy returns to you in second trimester . '', 
  oh that 's why i was tired after sleeping 12 hours a day plus naps . 
  maybe 15 with adult , 16-17 without . 
  if they really are interested , i would recommend to read the books , atleast she would learn some fancy words . 
  maybe try co-sleeping ? 
  ours has always been bad sleeper , until 9months she woke up 6-8 times a night and up till 14 months 1-3 . 
  after that she just learned by herself to sleep through most of the nights , we did nothing . 
  now at 18 months , if she wakes up , we first try to put her back to sleep but if it seems like there is issue , she is welcome to our bed . 
  my theory is that she is starting to feel safe enough in her own bed and she knows that she can come to our bed at night if she need comfort so there is no reasons to panic in own bed anymore . 
  bite my toenails . 
  this is mine too but opposite . 
  i bled/spotted from week 8 to week 15 and it was horrible . 
  doctors never found out why did it happen but baby was completely fine . 
  my first kid started pretty much that way , just before dpo 14 i noticed that i had had zero pms symptons and then there was the positive < 3, 
  socks for my nephew x3 . 
  scarf for my daughter . 
  shawls for sil and niece . 
  maybe viking hat for my bil . 
  we shall see how much i actually get done . 
  we would love each other there , most of us are bistichual or what ever that fancy word was . 
  wow , do you still remember it properly or do you need to slow down to actually understand everything ? 
  just curious , do n't mean to offend but 1/8 would mean that your parents and grandparents are finns and only one great granparent would n't be so how come your native language is n't finnish ? 
  for today ? 
  fu , nothing can make me thankful , got my bfn once again and waiting for the af . 
  for the whole week , wll we have nice weekend plans , thats about it . 
  cd1 here too . 
  i hate this limbo of ttc . 
  cd1-7 every trip to toilet reminds you of your failure . 
  then there is few days of waiting and cd 10-16 so much totally spontaneous sex . 
  after that the afwul wait and `` omg was that a symptom ? '', 
  and the cycle of not creating life continues . 
  yes , i 'm having a bad day . 
  birch , lily of the valley , my daughter , grill heating up , after eight mint chocolate , sauna , sunny winter morning with lots of snow . 
  my bloodline is kinda awesome . 
  my great - ... - greatgrandfather made it to school history books . 
  also i can show some cool tricks with my joints . 
  ooh , pictures please , they sound cute !, 
  family . 
  for all my life , that has been my highest ambition . 
  happiness . 
  living my life being happy and meanwhile trying to improve others lives too . 
  family and peaceful life for me please . 
  if they really want to wait during labour , they are more than fine waiting for few extra hours . 
  it 's your baby , hug him as long as you want . 
  my 5 year old nephew loves jules verne books . 
  i still suggest to proof read first , not all of them are suitable material for that young kids . 
  taking notes of my grandparents , 90 seems totally possible . 
  it seems totally doable and propably most of my friends have died/are dying so why not go with them . 
  seems like you take this much more gracefully !, 
  i cheer to you too with my chocolate bars !, 
  full of hookers showing their skills . 
  parent here but my 17 month old has n't showed any signs yet . 
  why so gay ? 
  atleast it 's easy to move forward when there is absolutely zero chances for you . 
  i have two tactics , if i understand fast enough that it 's telemarketer before i have said other than my name , i start to talk in swedish . 
  if that 's not available option , i just explaing that i 'm not interested or why they should n't event try to sell their product for me . 
  last time i got call from cosmopolitan it went something like this :, 
  - hi we have this awesome offer to you ... 
  - halt , halt , i 'm married stay at home mom from countryside , there really is n't anything for me to read in that magazine . 
  - oh , well , have a nice day . 
  17 month old now , for almost month there was plenty of correlation with activity time and also to what things she reacted . 
  for example few song always made her move both in and outside . 
  i was coming to say the same . 
  03:15 and water broke . 
  i was so fed up being pregnant at that point .
