  same thing , got third time pregnant right after stopping that smep bs and swapped from once a day to every other day . 
  it was also ruining whole sex for us mentally when it started to be chore instead of pleasure . 
  thanks for doing these things . 
  first of all i hope july event would be something that alumnis could participate too , many `` get to know you '' stuff has questions that it 's hard to answer if you are alumni and do n't want to make anyone upset . 
  maybe somekind of diy/30 day challenge month with weekly check up threads where you can update what you are doing and how you are doing . 
  someone could start crocheting blanket , building something neat or do those 30 days abs challenges or from couch to 5k training program , what ever suits for their situation . 
  something peaceful in winterfell , like sansa doing needlework with likeable husband chatting with her . 
  would you like to tell us about the nursery and blanket bit more ? 
  i hope you get some more rest and all the pressure works to your fortune . 
  whole ttc is huge waiting game but tww is the real killer , checking every little thing in your body and feelings , where those boobs bit achy , did i maybe feel tiny bit nauseous , and everything . 
  it makes you go crazy . 
  silly or not , tww and early negatives make you go crazy . 
  atleast i 'm still clinging to hope if there is negative at 11dpo and then last few days before periods feel even more torturous . 
  i hope you get a birthday present but sadly 9 dpo is so early that negative does n't really prove anything . 
  let 's hope for the best . 
  few more days !, 
  you can make it !, 
  that must be hard for you , i get same reaction even with married friends who already have kid or two . 
  happy waiting , hopefully it wo n't feel like too long . 
  great that his results are good !, 
  small steps but right direction . 
  good luck in your path . 
  hugs , these things are rough and sometimes you need to take a mental break to get yourself back on track . 
  it looks so lovely and peaceful place !, 
  thank you , i am flattered !, 
  all the support i have had in this sub has been amazing , both during pregnancy and during losses so i really hope i can offer even small amount of that support back . 
  good that you have found the bright sides too . 
  loss can definitely affect even few full cycles before they start to be stable again . 
  oh no , nightmares suck so much . 
  if it 's not too hard to answer , are they having common themes or just random nightmares ? 
  i 'm no way taking risk that there is anything i can blame myself not doing for pregnancy and it 's viability and that 's pretty motivating by itself . 
  it 's one of those few thing i can control so i 'm pretty much religious with prenatals . 
  brb going to buy stash of zinc and magnesium . 
  i had never heard about that before , thanks for the info !, 
  happy canada day !, 
  may your maple leafs be shiny today !, 
  sleeping extra is so great every now and then . 
  i think it 's good thing that feeling or not feeling hopeful wo n't change the outcome . 
  only time i have `` known '' i was pregnant before test was the early mc so atleast my hopeful feelings are almost bad sign . 
  have a great vacation !, 
  steamy cabin sex sounds brilliant !, 
  my thoughts work exactly the same way . 
  instead of being in this sub , i should be arguing about name of our ~ 2 week old baby right now . 
  or atleast be furiously shopping boy clothes and being exited that after on and half week i can order maternity package when 22w is done . 
  it sucks that each mc gives atleast two dates to be sad . 
  the day that we lost our child and the edd . 
  hating universe could be our slogan !, 
  i hope it 's a symptom , for me atleast hormons make big mess and from sperm meeting egg to stopping breatfeeding my dreams are so vivid and silly . 
  unfortunately it 's also my pms sympton so never know which one it is before af/positive shows up . 
  i 'm finally out of antibiotics !, 
  now just few more weeks extra iron and then i can go back to only prenatals !, 
  now we only need this post partum bleeding go away and af show up and we are on the game again . 
  also sil finally announced name for their baby girl and it was n't on our list !, 
  it 's pretty name still but never ever would i have given it to my kid . 
  i was moderately afraid that they could accidentally pick some of our favourites and then i would be angry mess whining about mc 's again and how they `` stole '' name from us , like we could reserve 100 + names . 
  it really does . 
  not taking any dairy few hours after and before taking antibiotics and taking them every 8 hour was suprisingly restricting . 
  there is always hope < 3 i bet everyone has heard stories about those miracle pregnancies after 10 years of ttc so i would n't lose hope until far after menopause . 
  this is something i wanted to post but could n't find the words for it . 
  seriously , shout out to everyone . 
  have a great time and maybe your birthday present is just few days late !, 
  doctor called about uljas . 
  she told that reasons for his birth were so clear when inspecting placenta that unless we insist , there is no need for autopsy . 
  if i understood it right , placenta was n't properly on it 's place since there was also hematoma under it . 
  honestly i 'm bit relieved , idea of autopsy was n't pleasant one but i thought it was necessary to find out why this happened . 
  now we also can have funerals bit earlier which is good thing too . 
  did some more necessary things today , i have had package waiting for me in one clothing store for almost week . 
  i ordered one awesome looking maternity shirt from sales , usually i hate most of them but that looked like clothes i wear any day . 
  i had send this order 2 hours before uljas was born so i had postponed getting it and even thought i would just return it . 
  then i got pragmatical and thought that if for once there is maternity shirt that i want and it 's cheap , i 'm not going to return it , it will wait in my closet for next pregnancy . 
  just need to open package now so i wo n't open it at 15w and jinx whole thing . 
  also got bill from ambulance ride , good thing we ordered that and not taxi . 
  was 16 euros when taxi would have been atleast 20 + possible cleaning bill . 
  it 's dirty and tainted word , really . 
  i know it feels like wasting time , i 'm at the same situation but still waiting for periods . 
  every day not pregnant is day more waiting for that precious one and it is hell of a mental place to be and act like you have even a drop of patience left in your body . 
  on the other hand , think if you got positive 4 weeks from here , would you and your husband be ready for the rollercoaster again and be able to support each others ? 
  if yes , gogogogo , if no , maybe give it bit more time , that rollercoaster is hard after loss . 
  we are here for you if you need to vent about this . 
  i have zero explanation for this but maybe keep tracking few more days to see if this continues ? 
  hope so !, 
  losses are so hard to survive , especially if you need to keep living normal life for sake of your elder children . 
  i hope you can find peace with what ever decision you will make . 
  atleast no one can see you inside your house if you talk to the plant !, 
  i hope you 'll find a way to save it from cat . 
  why would it be excessive ? 
  you are facing that day and month for the first time and propably doing all those `` what if 's '' in your head . 
  if this month makes you feel down then it does and it 's not your fault . 
  i would be more worried if you would n't feel a thing about it . 
  good for you , i hope you 'll have glorious sex tonight !, 
  i hope you still make it and it 's last time you need to plan for sex . 
  planned sex is so not sexy , atleast in our bedroom . 
  roughly translated `` research says : finland is first in europe - everyone almost equally happy '', 
  i know quite few big families whose religion says no to contraception , 10-15 kids was typical they lived in area i grew up and i had atleast 6 different members of those families in my classes so of course i was friends with some of them . 
  few were having the mess you described , most were so organized that military unit would be in shame when compared . 
  i also worked with one of the mothers of those families and she said said something like : you usually only get one kid at a time to teach proper behavior and elder kids are giving good example due their prior uprising so it 's not that hard , especially when everyone does their part . 
  toddlers already learn that they need to pick their stuff , bigger kids have their daily chore lists to help with housekeeping . 
  and seriously , you 'll most likely only have that one kid at a time , two is already rare and bigger set is extremely rare so do n't worry too much , there wo n't be six babies in you uterus suddenly . 
  good for you !, 
  so many hugs .
