  i love that second part , so cute !, 
  oh dear , you were cockblocking poor dog . 
  i 'm wish it will go fine but i certainly know all the wishing in world wo n't stop the fear . 
  heartbeat is so important moment !, 
  congratulations so much !, 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm so terrified with that baby or not baby thing that i have always booked babysitter for appointments . 
  awesome news !, 
  great to hear that they are so big already , maybe you are further than you thought . 
  did they change edd ? 
  good that you are feeling etter and what a wonderful husband you have there !, 
  congratulations for nice catch . 
  did you get to rest today ? 
  i know you have double reason to be worried but i hope you can find some peace of mind every now and then . 
  today you are pregnant and nothing else matters since there is nothing you can do about it . 
  more than likely everything is fine for you and it 's so cool for him to see his baby brother or sister !, 
  i think my situation is bit different since there is still bigger than average risk of mc which makes me cautious and in finland , you are n't allowed to take anyone underaged into us unless it 's case of teen pregnancy and father is under aged ( and ofc mother ) . 
  all i can say is that i 'm so sorry for what you are going through . 
  stay strong . 
  waiting for movements is so nerve breaking stuff , especially if `` everyone else '' is already feeling . 
  those bedding set and lamps are so cute , damned that you live in other continent . 
  it 's totally normal . 
  the trauma of loss is always there , same way the trauma of infertility is . 
  so much congratulations for both baby and new work !, 
  this has nothing to do with pregnancy but damn i 'm proud of myself . 
  today i signed last signatures to documents that will lead me graduating in two weeks for my bachelor of engineering degree !, 
  if you mean stupid calls from referees , yes , that same blind idiot was in last year rus-fin game and seems to be fair guess that he did n't get his sight checked in between . 
  that 's so great !, 
  never please !, 
  sincerely yours , finn . 
  i 'm 13 week pregnant and have been disabled for last 8 weeks . 
  i know this is rarer case but pregnancy is n't always walking in park . 
  this ca n't be seriously happening . 
  hope to see you here soon again !, 
  great to here that everything is going fine !, 
  good luck with moving !, 
  great to hear , congratulations !, 
  welcome back !, 
  such a lovely bump you have . 
  but now to the business , describe everything you ate , spare no details !, 
  scary stuff . 
  hope everything is fine . 
  before everything , where do you live ? 
  winter gear is totally different thing in alaska and florida . 
  clothing depends , i 'd say 10 total outfits atleast , if you happen to get burb cannon who ca n't keep anything in diaper only , you are having hard time with laundry . 
  for fall and winter , you will mostly be indoors or baby will be in sleeping bag or bundled in blankets in carseat . 
  so keep your focus mostly on indoor clothing . 
  it will depend of you baby , some need lot 's of clothes and some less . 
  since you will be having some tummy time on floor propably , long sleeves are good . 
  talking about finnish winter here so disregard if it 's to cold for you . 
  usually you should n't take baby out at all if it 's below -4 f , which would need indoor clothing , layer of 100 % wool or fleece in each body part exluding face and very thick snowsuit , filled with stuff like goose feathers , do n't forget mittens and bootees . 
  pants !, 
  but honestly , i 'd swear on romper suits . 
  they are great . 
  what ever suits for you , does n't really matter . 
  depends on you , i 'd say 5 pairs of socks is enough since most pants have also that toe part in them ( do n't know proper term ) . 
  hat 's really do n't get dirty so 2-3 is more than enough . 
  have you checked orange , green and brown ? 
  other stuff , thermometer for both baby and bathing water . 
  few bibs are god send to save from changing outfits . 
  get mittens , babies have super sharp fingernails and they are n't afraid of scratching themselves . 
  use socks in case of mittens are missing . 
  get enough burp clothes , atleast 5 but i 'd vote for 10 + . 
  you are making me so envious !, 
  1 ps herne-maissi-paprikaa, 
  that 's sounds so nerve breaking . 
  you ca n't just say `` baby is too small '' and then tell to come back later . 
  i really hope you can get another appointment as soon as possible . 
  trying desperately find something positive so now you atleast have understandable reason to not feel kicks yet . 
  maternity box yes , here is the link in english for currently used box !, 
  it also gives pretty nice idea of what kind of items you might need . 
  oh honey , big hugs for you . 
  i hope you can get appointment asap . 
  i 'm hungry and thirsty . 
  i 'm being checked for gestational diabetes tomorrow morning so for the last 3 hours i have n't been allowed to eat anything . 
  i want food !!!, 
  11 hours and i get something to eat besides that sugary drink . 
  to add my misery , it 's fin-cze hockey game going on and will last almost to midnight so i will be up way too late with hoping for drink . 
  on the other note , i could propably start my own consultant business of checking for hematoma bleeding . 
  it 's very morbid mini game to inspect toilet paper every time and pretty much give grades for colour , thickness etc. 
  better is relative but i think bleeding is bit more watery and more brownish with that microtissue stuff which should mean that the actual hematoma is bleeding away and not just swapping for fresher blood . 
  naah , we can like swedes as long as they are n't playing against us or be our referees . 
  interesting . 
  unsuprisingly finnish media is shouting that it was wrong call . 
  wrong thread mate . 
  to give one example , not calling this : https://vine.co/v/ekgbe51060l, 
  yeah , it was ~ 10 second before power play goal . 
  i 'm pretty pissed off that referees left that `` what if '' speculation for this game very open . 
  it would be more graceful just fairly lose to better team and it also tarnishes their victory . 
  it 's so comforting that reason why you have issues with hearing heartbeat is that baby is playing catch and run . 
  since i do n't know anyone named westley and have n't seen princess bride , my first assosiation was weastley family in harry potter . 
  good luck !, 
  waiting for updates !, 
  cello . 
  i mean have you ever heard apocalyptica , cello is amazing instrument !, 
  wow , that really is coold dream !, 
  why do you get those while i dream about starting to a nurse degree and it pretty much turned to nightmare when i needed to use myself as a training doll when testing bloodsugar . 
  i have been moody lately and today i even noticed my bump is getting smaller . 
  luckily i also noticed i have n't been so damn gassy anymore so i think it 's just getting back to normal pregnancy bump instead of balloon . 
  well back to the moodiness .
