  16 months . 
  it went totally fine . 
  it was more about me not being ready than kid . 
  i just could n't leave her `` completely alone '' so before that when she had sleepovers there was always me or her dad in same building . 
  i crave everything , especially if it 's warm and contains lot 's of fat like hamburgers . 
  feels bit silly when same time i 'm nauseous and and so hungry . 
  that 's very nice to hear . 
  i pretty much broke my writs last chrismas when speed knitting 5 pairs of socks during 3 weeks . 
  your feelings are totally valid but i 'd remind you that you have just given birth and hormones are a total mess . 
  if i were you i 'd delay that discussion few months , even a year atleast unless your husband is suggesting to have more babies immediately . 
  but i got a statue , it must be worth something ? 
  this is almost shameful but australian masterchef which happens to be close to my favourite show . 
  i think i 'd go if your doctor says it 's fine but google some hospitals before hand just if you 'd start labouring during trip . 
  sholazar basin hands down . 
  i loved herbing there just playing music out loud . 
  i upgraded from t to h !, 
  future generations will thank me !, 
  always last when people are put in order via last name . 
  good for you !, 
  first weeks are always the scariest . 
  just try to keep your head above water and breath . 
  good luck !, 
  i guess you were never last one in that order ? 
  at adult point , it is n't big deal but when i was a kid i hated that i was last or atleast close to last every time . 
  that one year when we got report cards in school in reversed order was almost like early christmas . 
  i was complete wreck when i heard first pregnancy announcement after mc and it was n't nearly as bad way told as this was . 
  so many hugs to you . 
  as an another mistweaver , i thought it was perfectly clear . 
  but i think these images need some insight about classes which is n't a bad thing at all . 
  i had spotting from 8-14 during my first pregnancy . 
  mostly really mild brownish spotting but few times it was real bleeding with bright red blood and very scary . 
  only reason they found for it was hormons . 
  we are having 2 year old birthday in few days . 
  try to calm down and take it easy , it 's pretty much all you can do now . 
  with my mc it was immediately heavy bleeding , no way near spotting . 
  i 'm now pregnant at 7 +0 and had pretty serious bleeding from 5 +4 to 6 +2 , closer to heavy days of periods than spotting and it seems like everything is still fine . 
  it 's really scary stuff but 70 % of women have atleast some spotting or more during successful pregnancy . 
  also it seems like some womens hormons just cause bleeding , like mine . 
  pregnancy time goes in intervals . 
  days are slow as snail but suddenly weeks just dissappear when you look back them . 
  hang on there !, 
  i 'm so hungry all the time . 
  i ca n't go even two hours without need of binge eating everything . 
  well , i got 18kg ( ~ 40lbs ) during my first pregnancy so i know i will propably gain plenty of weight again . 
  i 'm not counting calories but i 'm trying to eat healthy instead of chocolate . 
  and here i was thinking it must be bluffing and clickbait . 
  bad day . 
  nauseous and bleeding again . 
  i do n't know what kind of karma this is . 
  i waited 5 days with pretty much zero bleeding before i dared to plan to go to swimhall with my kid . 
  5 minutes after i tell her that we are going to swim bleeding starts . 
  `` sorry honey , actually we are n't going . 
  mom is bit sick '' . 
  it 's atleast something and the fact that ultrasound is tomorrow eases things but still . 
  what if this is n't just harmless bleeding anymore and how can i ever trust to this pregnancy again since bleeding can take 5 days break and then come back just like it never really ended . 
  i really hope it will work out . 
  all the luck to you !, 
  i wo n't link the study since it is in finnish but according to it , only 50 % of positives can be seen at dpo12 . 
  even at dpo 14 it is only 90 % . 
  so do n't lose all hope before periods start . 
  so am i , since i suck at counting timezones , my us time is when tomorrows alumni thread is 5 hours old . 
  so i guess few hours after that i can update . 
  i have waited for so long to see alleria and sylvanas interract or even aknowledge each others . 
  i did some googling and that finnish site had based on information on some thesis and this http://www.fertilityfriend.com/faqs/early-negative-pregnancy-test-before-a-positive---stats-study.html, 
  so while median for first positive is 12 , the average is closer to 13 so it can still change . 
  as a healer yes . 
  this makes our lives easier too when dps is n't standing on fire because that 's the only place you can reach boss . 
  i know the pain and trying to abandon hope so you wo n't get hurt so much every time . 
  best luck to you and i really hope tomorrow there will be two lines for you !, 
  1h 40min to ultrasound . 
  panic . 
  bleeding has been close to zero today atleast . 
  we have been through this . 
  for us , talking and being there for each other was important . 
  what made me feel better was that my husband who usually is bit caveman type when mourning every now and then told me that he is upset too . 
  i was crying my eyes out and actually spend one night pretty much screaming and howling in our livingroom so it felt like who mc did n't affect him at all . 
  it was very important to me that he also spoke about his feelings . 
  ultrasound went well !!, 
  schr\u00f6dinger is there , heart beating and proper size . 
  they also have some company , egg sized hematoma but it 's okay , hematoma is close to cervix and schr\u00f6dinger is hiding high up there in womb , as far from hematoma as possible !, 
  since hematoma is so big , there will be new ultrasound in few weeks just so check how it progresses . 
  doctor told that there will be more bleeding but i do n't need to worry about it unless it goes totally abnormal compared to bleeding which i have had already . 
  so unless it hurts very much or there is clear tissue coming , it is 99 % sure it 's just hematoma bleeding . 
  i 'm so relieved and happy . 
  than you all for your thoughts and well wishes !, 
  yeah , and now i do n't need to panic so much when there is more blood coming . 
  not to fake that i would n't be bit worried everytime but now i have logical no-baby-threatening explanation . 
  good luck !, 
  haha , you and i both !, 
  now we can start breathing again !, 
  it could be those ultrasounds and also the fact that baby is starting to move more and getting bigger so uterus is sometimes having hard time to grow fast enough . 
  if i remember right , those are just the weeks when baby is having biggest growth spurt . 
  i wish you the best luck !, 
  not even trying to tell you to relax , i know it 's not really possible at that point but try to do stuff that helps you to calm down , move your focus on something else even for a moment . 
  that sucks . 
  i hope next night and day is better for you !, 
  i already have one !, 
  april fools babies are the best . 
  althought it was bit hard to convince mil and fil to come and pick up our dog when we called at morning to tell that my water broke . 
  those dark jokes are sometimes only way to let pain out without completely collapsing .
