  i am september baby and for the first year i woke up every night 5-10 times . 
  wonder why my mom did laugh when i told that my daughter is a bad sleeper . 
  good luck with trying to correct all those jamies . 
  i hate those dreams . 
  got those especially after mc . 
  those dreams are just salt into wounds . 
  i 'm just going to tell him immediately . 
  no way buying any tokens or anything , if it would be another mc those tokens would just be sour reminder . 
  after smep there is definitely exhaustion of sex for me atleast . 
  i 'm 28 married for 2 and half years but we have been together for almost ten . 
  our daughter was easy thing from second cycle but now this seems to take time with cycle 11 going on . 
  i have n't been on bc since our daughter was born except condom for few months when timing for second child would have been horrible and before that we also where trying from her birth to almost 10 months but my periods did n't return before that time frame ended so not luck with that either . 
  that 's probably the reason why i am so bitter . 
  we have technically been trying for almost two yeas now . 
  me being idiot when i got bpf last autumn called all the appointments so it 's on my record that i was pregnant . 
  that means i wo n't get any kind of fertility treatment or infertility testing before there has been year from that mc which results 1 and half year of active trying . 
  it sucks and we ca n't really afford for private sector . 
  i 'm the one who is negative nancy on every thread and trying to control myself to not write on those '' 1 cycle bfp at dpo9 '' posts that it is chemical pregnancy anyway when they are keeping their oscar speeches thanking community , god and pope . 
  not sure if you are finn but [ m\u00e4mmi-cake ] ( http://www.hellapoliisi.fi/kakut/hyydytetyt-kakut/3249-hyydytetty-mammikakku ) is something to try !, 
  i want to test and i want to do it now but no way dpo 9 late night test would result anything else than tears . 
  ca n't do haikus in english but here we go :, 
  28 , finland , sahm/student , cycle 11, 
  not technically yet here but since i 'm planning to move here if this cycle does n't work out i guess i can do intruduction now when there is proper thread for it . 
  we have almost 2 year old daughter . 
  we decided to try for second one immediately but it took 9 months to get my periods back . 
  just week before af finally visited i found out that i get in serious trouble in school if i wo n't go back for next semester . 
  well no problem , use condom for three months and continue ttc . 
  there goes cycle and another and finally at cycle 7 i get positive pregnancy test . 
  i was over the moon , planning to tell to everyone right after our vacation to spain which was 10 days after positive test . 
  well ... 6 days goes , suddenly all the symptoms go away and there it is , mc . 
  i try to keep this brief but you can all guess how nice and relaxing vacation we had , especially since there was my husbands parents and brother with us . 
  be me -  idiot , i had already called all the proper appointments and had to cancel them all . 
  because i had made the reservations , there is note in my documents that i have been pregnant . 
  so here i go to see gyn after 11 cycles and what does he tell ? 
  `` well since you have been pregnant last autumn it means public healthcare wo n't do any infertility treatments or other testing before it has been year from that mc '' . 
  so here i am , hearing pregnancy announcements everywhere and just waiting for autumn to come . 
  fun/awesome fact : besides being sahm , i 'm also thesis away from being engineer and also corporal in army . 
  i also love gaming , crocheting and knitting . 
  sounds way too familiar , tested bfn at dpo 11 today . 
  it 's actually awesome . 
  my toddler has been playing with imaginary ball last few days . 
  i do n't know which one of us is more nuts , the on who plays with it or the one who tells not to put that ball on her mouth . 
  i finally had to put that ball on upper shelf so she would stop playing with it and go to sleep . 
  i know few people who have gotten pregnant while breastfeeding . 
  all in all it can still affect you . 
  my doctor said that after completely ending breastfeeding it can affect you for almost half year while lowering your chances to become pregnant . 
  do n't have any source for that besides my doctor . 
  command bar could be bit too much hassle but maybe you could choose while assigning a bodyguerd that you want them to be prioritize tanking/healing/dps . 
  texas-finland is actually easy , it 's long enough that when finns have come from work , texans are still at the breakfast table and there is nice time to chat . 
  source , husband had to go there for work for fortnight . 
  i was thinking about my morning shifts back then which ment that i out from work 14 so it was only 06 in texas . 
  the regular office time is usually 08-16 or 09-17 , that 18 is pretty far fetched . 
  his new years resolution for this year was to come up with pleasant surprise for me every month . 
  for january he got me a gift card for hairsalon . 
  do n't know about february yet . 
  just the idea that he decided i would be worthy of his new years resolution is so awesome , especially when mine was that i 'm going to focus more on recycling . 
  when will you get another kid ? 
  ffs , when they will stop dying in my womb . 
  ensure akward faces but atleast they wo n't ask it again . 
  i have two options . 
  scissors were more obvious but then i started to think and noticed matchsticks . 
  why try to stab someone with scissors when you can burn their house ? 
  and at any point of pregnancy you did n't do the math that it may not be your husbands baby ? 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i think it 's harder for men to accept the pregnancy on first place and especially when cp happens so fast , they have n't gotten into `` we are having baby '' mood yet so it 's easier to reset . 
  this is based on my thoughts when our mc happened so it can be same for you or completely different :, 
  let yourself mourn . 
  some days you may feel yourself stupid , `` it was only 3 days , it 's ridiculous to mourn this much for a mass of cells '' but it 's not . 
  not only you are mourning for the pregnancy and the baby , but i bet you already saw yourself with lovely dress next summer with cute belly , next autumn when baby would be born and their cute nursery which you already had planned something for . 
  and here you are , back in square one with nothing more than broken heart and god knows how many more cycles ahead of you . 
  for me it was rollercoaster ride . 
  first few days i was miserable . 
  then i kinda went to denial . 
  `` some woman have periods while being pregnant . 
  / maybe it was twin pregnancy and other one is still there '' time passes , bleeding ended and i finally did that confirming negative test that nope , there is no baby left . 
  that 's when i really crashed . 
  for a month i was just ghost going through my life in automode and spending all my `` free time '' just crying and crying and crying more . 
  it 's 4 months now and i 'm more making it than faking it now but especially during af it reminds me about what could have been . 
  also i really do n't know how will i handle the due date if i 'm not pregnant by then . 
  / r/miscarriage is very kind , warm subreddit where you can talk about your feelings and sadly understand that you are not alone , other people have been though the same . 
  it 's common and in the end , most people will get pregnant again and have completely normal pregnancy . 
  and to point out , it 's not fast food . 
  especially with breastfeeding , it can take hours and while it 's awesome bonding time , it 's also very much limiting to do anything else meanwhile . 
  he is not for you if he already has gf . 
  move on . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  for me the coping differs from day today . 
  today , with anothed cd 1 i 'm horrible mess once again and reading all those pregnancy posts in facebook makes me sad . 
  mostly i hate the fact that i know still exactly which day of pregnancy would have been and it 's almost 5 months already from mc . 
  that 's mainly because my friend has exactly same duedate as i have and i just ca n't stand it . 
  i know it is pains talking but i hate her and her pregnancy and those pregnancy posts about baby kicking , reaching half way of pregnancy , being viable and argh . 
  cd 1 and feeling sad . 
  my mil and sil know about mc and they have n't said a single word about anything baby related after that . 
  luckily i do n't like alcohol and have been declining for years so no one really takes it as a `` omg you are pregnant '' anymore . 
  does tons of chocolate and coca cola count ? 
  i keep af days as a cheat days for all healthy eating and eat all those stuff that you ca n't eat if pregnant with zero moderation . 
  i 'd vote for a random critter in bloodmyst isle , ghostlands or another 10-20 zone . 
  you level so fast there that you can skip half of the zone and there is n't much to farm . 
  far as i know , only pet battlers go there to hunt zone specific pets . 
  as far as i know dpo12 is the average when people start to see positives so you still have good chances !,
