  also , husbands summer holiday is over and he is back to work . 
  actually it 's nice , we have our own routine at home and it 's easier to be the only adult and not needing to negotiate about anything . 
  i think dog was the most miserable one about this change . 
  we were really lucky , he had just few days earlier decided that he rather takes holiday pay as vacation days and not as cash so he had 6 week holiday instead of 4 weeks . 
  we really needed those two extras . 
  damn . 
  but now you know and can adjust to it . 
  i had it in my first pregnancy but it was totally under control with diet and baby was as average size as possible . 
  my nausea and rest of the symptoms have all gotten better at 9 weeks , your body is starting to understant that these hormons are here to stay and hormon levels are stabilizing . 
  keep on breathing !, 
  this is getting interesting . 
  cd1 , light and fresh , cd2 light , cd3 , minimal brown , cd4 moderately light and fresh . 
  anyone wan na place bets for cd5 ? 
  my aunt called just moment ago and we had long talk about our loss . 
  it was so good to know that people still remember it and want to talk about it with me . 
  former president of finland tarja halonen . 
  she was just as down to earth person as media potraits her here . 
  crown princess victoria of sweden and her husband prince daniel at my work place in youth center . 
  victoria really seemed like genuinely caring and warm person . 
  so , once again , just like media potraits her here . 
  all the rest are some local media personas which you more than likely wo n't recognice . 
  hang in there , wishing you all the luck and patience . 
  after first mc my o was anything from cd 10 to cd 15 while af seemed to be only 1-2 days off . 
  very frustrating and we also missed one o because of that . 
  oh honey , poor you and poor dog . 
  i hope you get some pain management done soon . 
  i 'm very proud of you that you are already starting to handle issue before jack is here . 
  what you are doing is trying to be best possible mother and that 's awesome . 
  ppd is n't easy thing to handle and loss makes most of us have really high risk for it . 
  almost frozen grapes have been my saviour . 
  i have friend like that , our cycles were almost synced and at every af , we had pity party and hated everyone who were pregnant and spamming about it in fb . 
  we both were trying for almost year and last january she stopped trying . 
  march i got pregnant and she had oopsie two weeks later and everything was great , we were almost duedate buddies and everything . 
  she is still pregnant , i 'm not anymore . 
  i 'm sorry for losing your support , while she would propably want to support you , it just does n't feel the same anymore . 
  for me , talking in here has helped . 
  i feel like there is no small enough vent that you could n't voice it here and get support . 
  and these people get it , the lonelyness , mental isolation , worrying will it ever happen and everything . 
  i have n't posted single comment where there would n't have been someone to tell that they have been throught literally same . 
  you are not alone and your voice will be heard and we want to listen to you , cheer you up and help you when it feels like you ca n't make it anymore . 
  cd5 bingo results . 
  light brown spotting . 
  no winners today . 
  tomorrow will be last bloodworks and we will go and place the urn . 
  it does n't have same burndening feeling as funerals . 
  it is n't uljas tomorrow , it is just some ash . 
  have been singing this for him today : [ only an ocean away - sarah brightman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdqdtnlzcwy ), 
  read advices from / r/trollingforababy , i 'm sure pushing pineapple core into your ladyparts has n't been in your list yet , not that i would recommend it . 
  yey for bleeding almost over . 
  it 's huge milestone for recovery . 
  i have similar fear but i have talked about it with husband . 
  what i do n't talk was how i felt physically and mentally during mc or atleast i make it much more like pg rated and not r-rated . 
  i 'm so sorry you are here but great that you have found us . 
  i had mc at 19 +0 . 
  for our case , the reason was clear since it had been hight risk pregnancy and ended with infected placenta . 
  they told us that they could do autopsy but in the end we decided it was not needed when we knew what was wrong . 
  they took tissue samples from our son and placenta and clearly placenta was a mess , while our son was still perfect . 
  they still did standard bloodwork that is done for late term mcs to test parvovirus , toxoplasmosis etc. 
  today was the last bloodwork where they are checking coagulation . 
  it was n't suspected reason but it is standard test to be done in here so i rather check every possible risk out now than lose another pregnancy . 
  atleast now i know i ca n't lose pregnancy for parvovirus since i have already have it as child , but i 'll avoid cat litterboxes like plague . 
  bloodwork done , now just the urn stuff in cemetery . 
  i 'm i unreasonable to be upset that in one ttc/pregnancy/baby forum i 'm frequenting , i was updated into wrong year of starting ttc and grouped with people that started 2015 . 
  not that i 'd be angry for honest mistake , especially when it was updated the same day that the person updating had their 14th cd1 in row , but the fact that our ttc journey is long enough that someone can mistake the starting year is bit devastating . 
  update since i forgot todays af bingo . 
  cd6 , very light fresh spotting . 
  this has been on off for few days now , frustrating . 
  it 's bit dissapointing that there are no new pets . 
  good to hear that you can take henry with you there . 
  he will always be in your heart and you can see him in all the beauty in world . 
  sad to hear that , i 'm sorry . 
  i wanted 4 in two sets . 
  # 1 and # 2 less than two years apart , then 4-5 year break and # 3 and # 4 again two year apart . 
  so far success is # 1 and it will be atleast 3 years apart to # 2 so there goes my plans . 
  we are considering same that who cares about birthcontrol anyway . 
  we want atleast 3 kids so when # 2 is finally in this world i 'm not going to start any preventing measures so we can just ntnp until we want more actively try . 
  i was traveling with a 4 month old baby . 
  in next row , there was this older gentleman who at the start of flight loudly whined how kids should n't be allowed on flights . 
  then he ordered beer , another , few more and in half way of flight he was totally drunk and mumbling loudly and finally was rolling on corridor and needed assistance from flight attendant . 
  meanwhile my baby was sleeping . 
  i think you are my inspiration to finally pick cables . 
  not wanting to offend you but if you can learn to knit and do cables in 5 days , maybe my few decades of knitting needs to progress too . 
  blah , cd8 and medium light fresh blood , these `` periods '' are beyond annoyance . 
  this also leaves question : when should i start to use opks and is there even chance for anything to stick if i 'm bleeding ? 
  also the fact that i 'm writing job applications which sucks . 
  i was supposed to start maternity leave in month but no . 
  now since it will take atleast until may to have edd , propably much longer , i actually do need to find job . 
  this is because until my daughter is 3 , it looks sort of okay to be at home with home care support , but when it ends , it starts to look bad that i 'm just home and doing nothing . 
  atleast it 's 7 months before her birthday so i 'm not in panic and for few months i can just cherry pick nice looking jobs but with current economical situation here , it 's not guaranteed that i find anything . 
  nothing new , propably still rebooting itself . 
  have n't seen doctor lately . 
  if this whole cycle still seems to be wonky i 'm going to call for a new appointment . 
  it 's okay have those days . 
  another narcotics user here . 
  do you have anyone to talk about these feeling ? 
  sounds like you are still heavily processing these things . 
  lot 's of hugs , i hope tomorrow is bit less painful day . 
  great to hear that the dream was n't hurtful . 
  i hope that print gets used soon !, 
  i 'm starting to think that i have counted cycle days wrong and periods actually just started few days ago and before that was some pre-af spotting or something .
