  now we are just stuck with flipping coin when pregnancy starts . 
  i know , it 's better that everything is fine , that magical pill would just been so easy solution and explanation . 
  but chances of this happening again , i do n't know . 
  when i started to expect uljas i saw statistics that only 2 % of women have second misscarriage right after first mc and thought that would mean we had 98 % chance that everything goes well . 
  so i do n't really think i can rely on real slim chances ever again . 
  10 sounds long time since last cycle was less than 30 days but we shall see . 
  atleast i know not to waste opks now . 
  it is relief and especially the close monitoring makes me happy . 
  i would have gone to private if this would n't have been possible but saves lot of money this way . 
  14 days sounds like i better consider myself being out already or atleast not to waste opk if i wo n't ovulate at all . 
  there should be video chat where we could just drink together and drown our sorrows in understanding company . 
  back to down my coke glass , who cares about gestational diabetes if not even pregnant . 
  one hell of a rollercoaster ride for all of us . 
  it 's comforting to see that we all are seated on that ride and not riding alone . 
  i hope this ride will be your last one and you 'll move to pregnancy roller coaster . 
  they are pretty expensive here , even when ordering from online and worst part is , try to explain to 2 year old who wants to follow you everywhere why mom is peeing on a stick . 
  so avoiding sneaking and wasted money , yey i guess . 
  good to hear , sleeping is such a vital thing to progress anything . 
  it 's totally possible . 
  i have had few tww where i just knew from the beginning that we did n't make it . 
  but 2 days out of 4 is good , sperm can live long enough that you are propably covered and at some studies doctors even recommend that sex every other day so sperm has better quality . 
  twins please , do n't have to be identical but atleast one boy , edd for may or june 2016 if i can make order already ? 
  ooh , recruit a friend program suits for me !, 
  oh dear , that really must be horrible . 
  i hope you have strenght to face those discussions . 
  i agree with religious part . 
  gods plan does n't make loss any better , but i always feel warm inside when someone says they are going to add me in their prayers . 
  for me it sounds like they are looking for the most powerful entity they know and ask for it to help . 
  wait till you get back . 
  situation wont change during your camping so better have clear answer than having `` what if '' thoughts after seeing negative . 
  and if it 's positive , great and you just lost two days of worrying in first trimester . 
  have a great time in your vacation !, 
  how are you feeling now ? 
  sorry you have to go through this , you did n't cause this . 
  hugs . 
  hang in there , it is so hard and days and weeks are so long . 
  i 'm so sorry for you pain and grief . 
  it 's completely okay to stay in bed and cry . 
  you are going to make it through . 
  enjoy your trip and try to relax !, 
  that damn woman . 
  every now and then i encounter those who do n't get it with few hints that there is no edd anymore . 
  good luck with healthy eating and losing weight , it 's one of the best things you can do for future pregnancies !, 
  i believe that `` fake it till i make it '' is one of the keys to get over all these things . 
  looking to the future and trying to stay positive is good thing . 
  3 days in row withouth bleeding , first time in half year !!!, 
  not sure if wto or waiting for af but damn this is refreshing change . 
  thanks for asking !, 
  after doctor appointment i have actually been quite functional adult . 
  not sure if it 's being bleeding-free or having final results or just pure coincidence but i have been pretty fine . 
  avoiding thinking negative things and trying to focus on positives , like finding new coffee house near our place which is specialized on chocolate !, 
  that place will make me fat and poor but very happy . 
  sounds like tought situation . 
  is it want to wait or ca n't wait ? 
  since result is already there , you just do n't know it yet . 
  if you are pregnant , yey , spent few more days of first trimester withouth constant fear . 
  if not , it wo n't make day there any easier . 
  lot 's of hugs !, 
  good luck !, 
  choo choo , you go girl !, 
  happy birthday veronica !, 
  no life is too small to leave mark on hearts of those who love you . 
  good luck , enjoy your bd . 
  it really hurts to count weeks . 
  i should be 30w today . 
  peeing on sticks hurt , seeing your flat non pregnant tummy hurts , everything hurts . 
  hang in there . 
  enough sex and there will be always sperm ready for order . 
  have fun with preseed !, 
  you ca n't choose which pregnancies feel hurtful and which do n't , they just do . 
  i have friends with almost same due date as i had and that 's fine , but one word from other accountance who announced pregnancy week before our loss and i 'm climbing at the walls with anger . 
  i see it !!, 
  congratulations and so much good luck !, 
  oh dear , i 'm so sorry . 
  unexplained inferility is horrible diagnosis . 
  i hope next iui will make it . 
  while it 's sad that they started , non painful periods are awesome news !, 
  i do n't understand anything about charting but since everyone else seems to be excited , i 'm too !, 
  good luck !, 
  i do n't know what i want to actually say , but your post made me feel that if you 'd be here , i 'd pat you in back and hug you . 
  body starting to work again is great thing for mental health !, 
  i hope you 'll have great harvest tomorrow !, 
  oh dear , while she propably ment no harm , it was very wrong thing to say to you . 
  how are you feeling now ? 
  i know i should but i do n't want to set alarm on clock and if i wo n't set it , my waking up time is anything between 07-09 and often i would n't have time to take temperature when i wake up . 
  the `` before moving around '' is the biggest issue since usually i 'm waken up by toddler . 
  waiting to hear how it goes !, 
  another vomiter here . 
  there just seems to be so many things that have to be said before i can feel sane again . 
  you know the feeling when you see pregnant woman ? 
  add that there is two of them and you know they have edd two weeks later than you had . 
  that picture of them posing with their bumps is on the front page of my facebook and all our common friends are fawning over their bumps . 
  i 'm so freaking envious i could scream . 
  19 , wow !, 
  you have hockey team waiting for you !, 
  how many are you planning to transfer ? 
  ooh , i have same game but without chance of pregnancy . 
  atleast i think there is no chance and actually waiting for af so we could get proper cycle finally . 
  argh , the are propably same women who hope that they 'd get risk pregnancy so they could see baby more often in ultrasound . 
  that 's beautiful line there !,
