  we have big photoalbum there and we have shared password and link with the ones we want to . 
  also we have printed photos for older generations who do n't want to use computer and send them occasionally . 
  i think , as a parent our duty is to protect our children . 
  i do n't blame the ones who put pictures of their kids in fb or anywhere else but i do n't trust those sites enough to do that . 
  8 minutes left for this day . 
  i 'd grab a blanket , hide under it and teleport into a bank vault . 
  find me one professional ( free and accessible ) link about how to use videos and podcasts in adult education . 
  i 'm stuck with searching for sources for my thesis . 
  `` he really is a nice guy , he is just one of those slowly warming silent types '', 
  the lovely bones . 
  i cried half of the book . 
  for the father , for the girl , for the sister . 
  so much feelings of pain and loss . 
  i 'm doing same . 
  if your username would be sex position , what position would it be ? 
  downvote !, 
  finland : baby showers are starting to be a thing here but less than half ftm have them . 
  it 's pretty common to keep gender as a secret and even more , the name as a secret . 
  name is revealed when you have name announcing party ( with babtism or without ) , it 's usually 1-3 months from birth . 
  if you talk about naming child , discussion usually goes like : `` do you already have name picked '' `` yeah , although we are still wondering if there will be third name or not '' `` oh cool , i ca n't wait to hear it soon '' . 
  it 's extremely unpolite to ask what the name is . 
  also no one misses a heartbeat if parents confess that they have 1 month old kid and they have no idea about the name yet . 
  it 's pretty common to think that you need to meet child before you can be sure about the name . 
  when child is born , father often has varpajaiset . 
  they are bit like male baby shower but with cigars and beer . 
  there is two variations , parties are held before mother and baby leave the hospital , or they are scheduled for few weeks ( months ) after the birth . 
  lastly there is n't much traditions of relatives coming to help or anything , mainly because government takes care of that . 
  first we get our [ maternity package ] ( http://www.kela.fi/web/en/maternitypackage ) bit before third trimester ( or lump of cash ) . 
  maternity leave starts 30-50 working days before due date , you can choose yourself but if you leave earlier those days are taken from end part of maternity leave . 
  when baby is born , father can immediately start his 3 week paternity leave . 
  maternity leave lasts for approximately 3 months and then parental leave which can be held either by mom or dad starts . 
  it will continue until kid is ~ 9 month old . 
  after that you can stay at home until kid is 3 years old before you have to return to your workplace and they need to keep the spot for you unless the whole business goes down . 
  only thing i can think of is that actor was too young if there will be nudity . 
  i own all copies of sims 3 and it was easy to turn off all the online capabilities . 
  i have played sims since the first game was released 2000 . 
  i was 13 back then . 
  the romantic scenes are very mild , fighting looks more like cat playing with toy mouse and over all it 's very clean game where you can learn bit about social interactions and budgeting when building house and working for a goal like bed with better stats . 
  all in all , i would easily let 10 y old play it . 
  it was 30 , but he turned out to be gay and i got married at 26 . 
  thank you for reminding me of these , i read first 3 when i was kid and got stuck since there was n't more translated . 
  now i 'm finally capable to return to these !, 
  these are my in my top 2 too , there is something in her writing that just captures you . 
  mallorean was the very first fantasy serie i read and it will always have special place in my heart . 
  `` oh you are so skinny , you should eat something '' is compliment , `` oh you are so fat , stop eating that hamburger immediately '' is insult . 
  double standards !, 
  close enough , i would have asked when ww3 would be fought . 
  i can bend my finger so that my hand combined will look like butterfly wings . 
  toddlers love it !, 
  princess victoria of sweden said hi to me while visiting my workplace . 
  my grandfather . 
  it 's 20 years since he died and i 'd love to tell him how i did turn out to be and here his opinions . 
  and ask if he was colourblind . 
  he did n't and thats what worries me . 
  my aunt who is older than my dad is colourblind and if female is colourblind she will inherit it from her mother and father . 
  if you count 1 +1 that my grandfather was n't known to be colourblind and my aunt is , it means grandfather ca n't be her father unless there is some weird super rare mutation . 
  since she is older than my dad , it casts shadow of doubt also on my dads relationship with his father . 
  it 's great relif that now when my dad is balding he is starting to be identical copy of my grandfather . 
  in the end , sean bean is always playing the corpse . 
  turbo waddling sounds awesome . 
  my husband called me empress penguin when i was trying to walk our dog in 2 feet snow during third trimester . 
  i seem to have every other cycle ending with me beign total mess crying in my bed and every other i 'm taking the bnf with much more grace . 
  yes and no . 
  i like to read with my own language ( finnish ) but i read mostly series and waiting for translations is way too much for me . 
  just to give an example , dance with the dragons by george r. r. martin was published in summer 2011 . 
  guess when the first half of it was published in finnish ? 
  oh yeah , this spring so only almost 3 years later . 
  second half ? 
  maybe during autumn . 
  ouch , i think i know how it feels with the material stuff . 
  we will move in the beginning of 2015 and now i 'm guessing should i just save all the baby clothes or get rid of them and buy new ones when i have user for them . 
  good luck for you !, 
  i feel the same way about this sub . 
  especially days around mothers day were weird since here was plenty of rants about it and finally very sad `` how are you spending your mothers day '' thread where people were sharing coping mechanics and here i am `` well i 'm waiting for my kid to hug me while her father gives breakfast in the bed '' . 
  baby dust for you too !, 
  how are you coping ? 
  i ca n't even begin to understand how all this is feeling for you , i hope your ttc is fast and pregnancy like in movies where you just glow and then have beautiful baby . 
  stopping stressing is like walk in a park , or not . 
  you still have time for your ~ 2 year gap . 
  i 'm tryng to tell myself that 22 months and 26 months are just as much ~ 2 years so i really should n't panic before it will be rounded to 3 years and not 2 . 
  i wish you a hugantic positive plus as soon as possible !, 
  heh , the baby year is roughest , after that it gets easier very fast when you can actually communicate with kid . 
  i hope you and your husband come to agreement !, 
  so what were the answers ? 
  our was pretty much opposite but just as effective , reading was the only thing that made parents say okay if we wanted to stay up later . 
  so if we did n't feel like sleeping and did n't want to go to bed yet , grab a book and `` one more chapter please ! '', 
  i think these are awesome !, 
  just the saw would be useful many times a day !, 
  oh dear no , i 'm starting to worry more about my own death before serie is finished than grrm 's . 
  ones in lidl seem to be cheapest . 
  as far as i know , all diapers are decent , we use libero because it fits best for our kid , she is pretty thin and we had a hard time finding proper size and brand that would n't leak . 
  sorry , no idea . 
  definately this , do n't diminish the relationship you had . 
  diapers ? 
  they would think we have bladder issues or even worse , we are suggesting that they have . 
  disrespect my anyone in my family , including dog . 
  you do n't have to actively seek attention of my toddler but if she tries to contact you , atleast be polite . 
  same goes with dog , you do n't have to pet him but also no kicking away . 
  10km march walking and 50km bicycling with full gear in army during winter . 
  the length is n't so impressive alone , but full gear means 2/3 of my own body mass .
