  28 days to nt-us is way too long . 
  i hope your appointment goes fine !, 
  we can form a team . 
  i remember i had same kind of spotting from my daughter for almost 6 weeks straight at the same weeks but it really does n't make me feel any better , even with knowledge that i have had successful pregnancy with spotting . 
  i hope yours stops soon . 
  i forgot to call to pre-natal and spotting has been gone for 24 hours now . 
  just another scare . 
  please no more . 
  great !, 
  i came to check for good news and here you have them !!, 
  you are right at the point when symptoms usually start to ease out . 
  stay well and stay unicorn !, 
  stay strong . 
  my daughter was 6 days smaller than expected at early us , at nt she was straight on spot . 
  i know it is scary but during first trimester , even small error in measurement can have dramatic effects . 
  ooh , i had missed that you had decided name and such a lovely name it is !, 
  oh no no no , i 'm so sorry . 
  all i can say that when expecting for uljas , first sign of hematoma was bleeding heavier than periods . 
  so while i understand calling it seems like only possibility , there is other ones but most of them are quite miserable . 
  so many hugs . 
  awesome to hear !, 
  i 'm mostly having unicorn pregnancy and that combined with those three spotting incidents have made me feel very anxious . 
  while non of my pregnancies have had much symptoms , it still makes me worried . 
  well no more worries , i felt horrible today , i was already approaching toilet prepared to puke and then i had the most foul tasting burb ever and started to feel better again . 
  i 'm actually happy and excited about this !, 
  -3 months is first time babies open their eyes , it would be hard to watch with closed eyes . 
  it 's okay , it can also be just bloating and personally , first trimester is the trimester for comfort food . 
  everything is so scary and food keeps me sane so who cares about few pounds . 
  i hope everything goes fine at your appointment !, 
  cautiously congratulations and good luck !, 
  being with them is like being at home , where ever you are . 
  same time i hate everyone who has something to complain about their pregnancy if baby is fine and they are n't having pre-eclampsia or something else actually serious . 
  same time , i know that last weeks are so boring , everyone is pestering you about if baby is born yet , you are kinda like back to tww/first trimester listening to your body for even slightest sign of labour . 
  all those cramps and issues , i believe it 's natures way of getting us to be so done with pregnancy that giving birth does n't sound scary anymore . 
  ouch , i hope you feel better already . 
  never heard about anything about hiccups and cord entanglement . 
  my daughter was serial offender for hiccups and all my doctors said was that it just shows their lungs are getting better and are actually good sign for survival rates . 
  although i got to admit , she had cord around her but it was n't serious at all , just 5 sec pause during pushing her to ease that off . 
  i was actually told afterwards and not during active labour to not scare me since understandably mothers are scared of cord issues . . 
  it 's bit like rhytmic full body kicking . 
  when you wake up , you are finally moving and swinging your baby to sleep after being still for most of the night . 
  my doc said that babies often take their longest naps during morning when they are in belly . 
  i was told that i would wake up for my legs being numb before there would be any danger for baby . 
  doing okay here , had my fourth spotting scare last friday but it 's 72 hours spot free so i have calmed down already . 
  i did some math and first spotting was when i was supposed to have first periods after positive test , rest three when second periods would have been . 
  so i have convinced that my troll body just has issues programming itself to pregnancy mode and somekind of automated system tried to start periods . 
  8w5 already , i have already survived fo over half of active first trimester , as in the part when i actually know i 'm pregnant !, 
  16th of december so still long time for that . 
  i will watch . 
  i rather be spoiled by show than by clickbait headline in facebook . 
  show is just too big , you ca n't avoid it like you maybe could have avoided book spoilers . 
  i 'm so happy for you !, 
  it is so normal to compare to your previous pregnancies . 
  i think we all do it . 
  good luck for test . 
  i find it soothing that i know that pain will end immediately when baby is out and you do n't really need to push body out , just head . 
  it 's only 10cm or less , not a marathon . 
  we can all make it !, 
  it can be just measuring error . 
  checked my daughters pre-natal card , from 30w to 33w fundal height had only gone 0,5 cm bigger and at 30w i was measuring 27,5 cm . 
  of course these thing are different for everyone but you measures do n't sound that bad . 
  as you said , most likely everything is fine . 
  here i was saying spotting is long gone and just bad memory . 
  well , one more spotting incident here it seems . 
  it 's not red at all , light brownish and whole deal seems to be over in hour but damn i am going to call to pre-natal clinic tomorrw and ask for something . 
  i do n't know , support and kind words , ultrasound , what ever they can offer . 
  this is making me so anxious that it ca n't be a good thing , even when i can pretty calmly think that this is nothing , it is still scary . 
  argh . 
  they checked for sch last time i had us due my history but i think i 'll ask about it again . 
  well , my son died due complications with sch so you could say i have history with it . 
  bled from 5w to 19w until bleeding caused infection in placenta and way too early birth . 
  yeah , less than hour and it was gone again which makes me just feel like paranoid for wanting for more testing . 
  yeah , it sounds really mild and looks like mild but every time it starts i panic since there is not really a way of knowing if it will stop soon . 
  thank you , that actually makes me feel better about this all . 
  thank you for this !, 
  or pve , plate was expensive to repair . 
  it was much cheaper to bubbleheart or buy di reagents . 
  so i called to prenatal clinic and midwife was fantastic as always . 
  she told me everything is propably fine and spotting is very common and unless there is bright blood hospital will never take me in . 
  also she made me an appointment for prenatal doctor who also does basic ultrasound . 
  since that doctor is there only fridays and this friday was already full , it goes to next week but next week is so much better than mid december . 
  i saw somewhere in finnish article about spotting after loss . 
  according to it over 50 % of succesfull pregnancies after loss have spotting at some point . 
  it was suprisingly comforting to read . 
  now i want donuts too ... 
  i would think you less sane if you were n't worried about things like that . 
  now go to guilt free binge eating diet !, 
  yeah , those screams dammit , they kept me up way too long after watching that episode . 
  i was so not prepared . 
  gingerbread cookies and roquefort . 
  well your baby needs it , you are just being proper mother !, 
  it 's okay , this sub has over 600 members and plenty of active posters . 
  it would be impossible to remember every story . 
  i remember when uljas had us around that time , he waved at us . 
  i think it is okay to ask if you tread carefully , are pretty close and take small hints if subject needs to change . 
  no no no to those `` when are you going to have children '' `` why do n't you have children '' but more like `` have you considered having children '', 
  i too hope that it would be more tolerable topic to discuss , especially in a way that everyone aknowledges that it wo n't always be easy and losses happen . 
  i 'm so sorry for your evening , sounds horrible . 
  just turned to 9w today and my pregnancy app says roughly translated `` now symptoms may start to go away since your body is finally adjusting to new hormon levels '' . 
  so it could be just normal turn for pregnancy , i 'm fairly sure nothing we say can make you feel certain that everything is okay before you can hear/see your baby again , but really , most likely everything is completely fine .
