  that will help to slow down storylines of bran and dany , which are going furthest i think . 
  is furthest even word ? 
  we lived together 6 years before getting married and in theory , nothing changed . 
  the fact that i did positive pregnancy test few weeks after the weddings , well , that changed everything but in a good way . 
  i do n't think they will completely drop anyone but diminish their screentime . 
  for example tyrion had something like 10minutes per episode if i remember right , so you could shrunk it to 5mininutes and give those to ironborns . 
  thanks for the furthest check up , not native speakers so sometimes words just do n't sound like words even if they are real . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st4lwbdoli0 game of hearts, 
  so here we have the siblings , chivalry , magic , myth and brave !, 
  perfect sibling set . 
  jaakko was the closest finnish name i could come up with jack and it was also my bils ( who is eldest in their family ) name so it was quite fitting to the story . 
  agreed , althought i would compare ramsays actions more to like super sadistic pregnant woman , that 's thousand times worse than normal pms hormons . 
  source , tried both , did n't kill anyone though . 
  first 3 i read in my own language and it took 1-2 days / book . 
  noted that i did almost all nighters while reading , going to `` sleep '' 22 and finally let the books down 05 etc. 
  this was before affc was published . 
  other books , i swapped to english since translators are freaking slow , we still do n't have adwd in finnish . 
  it was bit slower to read , 3-4 days but since i was over hyped and waited those books i had prepared for all nighters again !, 
  i consider myself as a fast reader but if i read other languages than my own , i get tired much faster so i ca n't read so long periods , especially if it 's harder vocabulary , like asoiaf has . 
  i 'm so over the top hyped that ca n't really contain myself . 
  i definately believe that unless grrm pulls some awesome stuff to last two books , this will be best season of the serie , not that others would be bad but ending of asos is just epic moment after epic moment with so many cool things to happen . 
  it 's like every episode can be episode 9 in terms of awesomeness . 
  i did this kinda backwards , never announced our my pregnancy in facebook but my daughter was born 1.4 and announced that , got plenty of disbelieving comments . 
  celebrating 1 year birthday today . 
  that i 'm always loved and accepted as i am and even if i would murder someone they would still love me and be my parents , althought bit dissapointed ones at that point . 
  i 'm sorry for you , i only have hypermobility and even that sucks sometimes . 
  my hip joints are way too lazy to do their job properly so i easily get muscle inbalance which causes weeks of mild pain and physiotherapy to fix . 
  ( atleast that 's how doctor tried to eli5 it for me ) atleast now i know what to do and as soon as pain starts i start physioprogram on my own . 
  tl ; dr : i was teenager bitch . 
  especially the first book , the fellowship of the ring has so slow start that i seriously considered all people who hyped the books to be total morons . 
  i 'm happy that i continued reading but seriously , first half of that book is boring . 
  there would be so much more plastic surgeons . 
  you ca n't keep most of the idealistic thoughts you hade about raising kid , like i will never shout at them , i 'll only offer home cooked meals , i 'll always pay 100 % attention to them . 
  you will get frustarated and angry and that 's okay as long as you do n't hurt the child . 
  you will have days when you are so tired of cooking or just want out for once that mcdonalds vs your ideal family meal is n't even competition . 
  you also will check the email , read paper or just do normal housework while not paying all the attention to kids . 
  on brighter side , i never imagine how much i could love someone . 
  ok , i love my husband but there is certain limit he ca n't cross or the love will be gone . 
  but my little baby , i ca n't imagine thing she could do to make me not love her . 
  of course i can be sad , angry and dissapointed she commits some horrendorous crimes but i still love her . 
  with my daughter i realised that when concerning her , the question if i would take bullet for someone turned to be totally invalid . 
  i would n't just take a bullet , i would change gravity and all the laws of physics if i need to to keep her safe . 
  love is when you want happiness for your loved one , even at your own expence . 
  heterochromatic eyes . 
  my eyes have brown inner part and green outer part with a bit blurry mix in the middle . 
  yarn . 
  just wait . 
  and seriously , with all the love , i hate you all saying premiere is on sunday , it 's 04 am monday . 
  :( anyone willing to switch timezone ? 
  as a book reader , most of us try to keep you safe in here cause we wa n't to see you suffer like we did when our favourite characters died . 
  like others have said , this is pretty safe subreddit but if you are extremely annoyed from spoilers , maybe skip airing days since the traffic is so heavy and our wonderful mods are after all only humans . 
  also , never ever open downvoted comments , we do report spoilers but we also downvote them to hide them from you . 
  pushed my dog from the couch . 
  it 's his home , not yours . 
  i do have more than one sofa and ffs , 15kg dog and one normal sized human should fit to wide couch or atleast just command him to go down , not push . 
  i could have understand if there would have been no other place to sit or he would have atleast told the dog go down but just pushing without warning is not cool . 
  fellow northener , i guess finns are going with the same name . 
  much closer to shoving than gently nudging to right direction . 
  my dog is sometimes bit stubborn but i think he deserves atleast chance or warning before beign pushed so he can prepare for landing . 
  and yeah , i was pissed too and told him that he is jerk . 
  agreed , and i think it 's completely different case when you first try gentler tactic before just shoving him off . 
  also , biting is never okay . 
  often when people get married , they are n't yet living in their final house . 
  so what kind of house they wish to have when they maybe have kids and grow old , do they want to live in the same area for next 50 years if job allows or do they see themselves moving into smaller house when kids have left the building , or maybe move in different kind of location . 
  do they wish to build the house by themselves some day or just buy one . 
  comments from my husband who was in houston few months ago . 
  how 90 ' everything seemed to be construction wise . 
  when i was ~ 15 i told my math teacher i wanted to be engineer , she kindly suggested to think other options also since i exactly was n't the brightest lamp in our math class . 
  well 6 courses left and i 'm graduating !, 
  track my grand-children , i seriously want to know what happened to my kids after i died . 
  we are staying home . 
  next sunday ( 13/4 ) will be a day when kids come from door to door `` virpomaan '' and expect candies in exchange of decorative twig , it 's bit like halloween but easter themed , so i 'll stash some chocolate eggs to wait for them . 
  maria has long roots in both countries , would that work ? 
  i do n't believe it , iron islands are essential to story and that storyline gives grrm bit more time to finish twow before show catching . 
  you could also like books of robin hobb , even grrm has praised those . 
  agreed , sucks when you watch episode later because of timezones and althought there is nice recap for best onliners , i 'd rather read bit more thoughtfull discussion . 
  beware , for first few weeks it 's actually painful to stand withouth locking knees since your muscles are n't used to that . 
  i had to learn it when my hypermobility started causing other issues and still occasionally slip to old ways . 
  but besides the obvious avoiding damage to knees , damn it makes your butt looke better !, 
  hbo nordic is nice , 9,99 $ / month is decent deal imo , with subtitles in all nordic languages . 
  atleast finnish translation was pretty good . 
  i think it would have best effect after joffrey 's death . 
  if he is killed before joffrey , even the most slowminded watchers can add 3 leeches = 3 deaths . 
  now they may have guesses but purple weddings will still have some surprise element . 
  is it supposed to be tommen next to cersei in pic 2 ? 
  he looks really tall for a kid his age . 
  definately !, 
  it 's like the funniest looking thing ever . 
  after that i would just lie in bed flip the non erect dick from side to side to get that flapping sound . 
  as a ~ ~ mother ~ ~ woman , i find it terribly annoying that there seems to be this huge gap between mothers and childless . 
  i do n't know what is that secret rule that we should n't hang together anymore . 
  do n't lost hope . 
  i had zero contractions or any other kind of signs that baby would come out any time soon before my water broke . 
  try to be positive , maybe your body knows you do n't need extra training before actual birth . 
  sorry , not native with english so did n't remember right term , did n't mean to offend . 
  but seriously , does everyone think that all i want to talk about is my kids ? 
  i 'm woman , human , engineer , gamer , i would love to talk about something else than my kids for a while but with other mothers , there is very few options for that . 
  he is 9 during event 's of s4 in books so maybe 11 when adding the extra years which show gave to almost everyone . 
  usually flow is heavier when you are active so you bleed more during the daytime . 
  well it 's technically true anyway , it does n't flow out much during nighttime .
