  peter is petri . 
  youth = nuoruus , beloved = rakastettu but armas which is actually male in is almost synonym . 
  brave is rohkea/rohkeus and light ( if opposite of darkness ) is valo and kevyt ( if opposite of heavy ) . 
  for my toddler , if she was/is still bursting from energy i just start to read and usually in few minutes she calms down and comes to listen . 
  two night in row that it took until 02 to get to sleep . 
  temptation to take sleeping meds is huge but i really want to learn to sleep on my own again . 
  i just miss uljas and keep thinking how things should be . 
  i should be 34 +0 pregnant today . 
  well i had already been using those for almost 3 months so we thought it was better to cut them off since they are n't exactly ttc friendly and can cause addiction . 
  also the fact that i would have had to start taking bigger doses because they effect was vanishing . 
  hugs to you too . 
  counting weeks is really stupid thing to do but i ca n't help it . 
  you too honey . 
  while it 's sad that either of us is here in this situation , it 's good to have company . 
  dear acquaintance , it 's great that you noticed my nick on other forum and contacted me first time in 3 years . 
  i could n't me more delighted to immediately hear about your surprise pregnancy . 
  thank you for not noticing my forum signature which is only under every post i make , both public and private . 
  it includes my losses , which i never have mentioned to you , since they are clearly too insignificant to discuss while we absolutely have to talk about your pregnancy . 
  / s please go f * ck yourself . 
  and no , this was n't on reddit but on other forum . 
  yes please !, 
  some do , some do n't . 
  it is huge crisis and for some , it also ends the whole marriage but for most it seems to make them stronger together . 
  hits hard at home . 
  i think if my husband would answer to this post , he would quote me with `` i think my water broke '' at 19 week . 
   when did pregnancy tests stop showing positives from your lost pregnancy ? 
  what if i never tested if it 's still positive ? 
  hmm , the one you added assumes it 's still positive . 
  i was more like looking for `` i do n't know '' option . 
  thanks , got it done now !, 
  with set time ? 
  like vent and wine every saturday ? 
  would be awesome !, 
  step four is awesome , do you think bonfires would work with hetero sex too ? 
  i hope you were able to sleep well . 
  damn , i had already been up for 3 hours when you posted but did n't open computer . 
  poor hippo , i wish i could be there to hug you < 3, 
  good luck !, 
  could be maybe do exchange as a card exchange ? 
  i 'd love to participate but sending anything else besides card costs fortune overseas . 
  for the 15th day i 'd actually like to have some kind of get to know you thread where we could all tell why we are in this sub . 
  while we know most of the stories , there is always new members and missed posts and everything . 
  and now it 's pinned for my secret babyboard too . 
  i also have there so many different annoucement ideas and it 's kinda sad to see seasons change . 
  i was so sure that i could announce at last year christmas cards but then i lost that one . 
  i think it 's actually good thing that you have one small corner in your life dedicated for these kind of things and you can go there as often you want . 
  secret pinterest board is n't going to just bump into you accidentally if you are having bad day , but when there is good day and all planning makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside you can just pin everything and goo over those pins . 
  ooh , you are awesome !, 
  who ever tells that `` easily pregnant after mc '' bs should put that cone of shame in their head . 
  it makes you feel so betrayed , first you lose one pregnancy and then you ca n't even conceive while everything should be on your side . 
  each cd1 after my first loss was so much harder than pre-loss when thinking that i should n't be having cd ones anymore and feeling like i 'm total failure who ca n't even get pregnant while odds should be on my side . 
  so just hugs , so many hugs to you . 
  af is a bitch . 
  haha , i have one friend who started to order those and had full blown pinterest board and wedding diary when she was single . 
  wonder how that did n't scare her now husband away . 
  it 's your money and you can do what ever you want with that . 
  you could even think that piano is investment for your future child who can then learn to play one . 
  it 's strange how words that are left unsaid matter so much . 
  i 'm feeling like petty person when i 'm still angry at my bil for his words when we from hospital . 
  they were pretty much equivalent of `` well that 's life '' or something like that . 
  no `` i 'm sorry for your loss '' or anything else and i ca n't forgive it . 
  so fuck those people . 
  they are n't real family anyway if they are n't there for you when you need them . 
  i hope doctor got your recipe right this time !, 
  sounds so frustrating . 
  i hope you can get off of those quick . 
  i hope your waiting pays off . 
  it 's very important to vent sometimes , being angry is n't wrong . 
  one step at a time . 
  sounds like you are doing quite well under the circumstances . 
  cd1 one is such a huge thing which reminds about mc , about not being able to conceive this month either . 
  for me it brings all those bad feeling back at once and keeps reminding about them during whole af . 
  i hope you are feeling better already . 
  it 's great that you have good day and your little cricket would wish that their mom is happy and not sad . 
  you take it easy in ttc same way as you take it easy when you are trying to take it easy when you are disarming bomb . 
  as / u/redandyellow333 already said cranberry pills , juice and berries should help a lot . 
  argh , i hope you wo n't get asked that . 
  but good luck with o , take all the safety measures to catch it and have some fun with your so !, 
  stay on train , thumbs up for you !, 
  go ahead and be hopeful . 
  you 'll get miserable anyway if it wo n't work out in this cycle so go and hope , dream and have fun !, 
  have fun with your o !, 
  do n't know about aching in lady bits but sounds kinda harmless . 
  few more days and time to dig up opks !, 
  on the other news , me and husband are having 8 year anniversary for our engagement today and later this month it will be 10 year from our first dates . 
  since our daughter is classic honeymoon baby , is n't it clear that every planet is aligned so that we will get pregnant from anniversary celebration month ? 
  i 'm also damn proud of myself , after having half year of total ban for all exercise , i picked up walking/running again and today for the first time i managed to run 1km straight without needing to take any break for walking and also my walk times were fastest ever !, 
  no date but just nice evening together , we are aiming for that 10 year anniversary and trying to do something nice then . 
  someone remind me who soon before o your lines in opks start to get some colour ? 
  stark white negatives today and yesterdat and somehow i was expecting even hint of a second line today . 
  cd 12 so there should be something soon i hope but then again , this could still be long cycle . 
  nam . 
  hope so since if there is no ovulation , i need to go and get progesterone recipe to reboot my body once again . 
  i know . 
  it 's just that and before uljas , i started to see faint lines immediately when i started testing and then very strong positive when o was coming . 
  now there is nothing and it 's making me so worried that something is still wrong . 
  atleast someone has . 
  thanks , i 'm trying to count on late ovulating or maybe there is something in tomorrows opk . 
  that 's what makes me worried , not even a hint of line and i have always had that in normal cycles . 
  ouch .
