  all in all , epidural was extremely good experience for me . 
  welcome and good luck !, 
  we are trying our second one also , dd is 15 months old . 
  it 's joffrey . 
  i did same for my husbands birthday last month . 
  it really sucks . 
  fingers crossed that the bfp is just late from parties . 
  i 'd start trying . 
  if your ttc is fast , congratulations !, 
  but if it takes time and you have some issues later start would move those thing forward . 
  i know i would be kicking myself with all those `` if we had started sooner we would already have these test results and maybe even baby coming '' thoughts . 
  lycopene which causes the red colour of tomatoes and water melons is argued to help men with fertility . 
  there is usually plenty of lycopene in testicles but studies have shown that men who suffer from fertility issues have less than average amount of lycopene . 
  stop baking the nuts . 
  ban laptops from lap , seatwarmers from car and too thight pants . 
  still leaves me wonder where do i belong . 
  i 'm certainly not a new with these pregnancy and ttc related things , we are trying for our second one but only 4th cycle going on . 
  the new sub sounds awesome with the idea of beign bit more advanced but i get the feeling that 4th cycle is n't enough for there . 
  i 'm atleast happy that i am on it , last cycle ( which i have been ranting about way too much ) never went to that point . 
  then again , checked calender dpo 4 ??? 
  what , i though it had been atleast a week . 
  i 'm feeling very positive about this round , almost hopeful but in realistical way . 
  honey , i know it feels like too much to handle but it will be okay in the end . 
  first few weeks are horrible , those hormons are nightmare , but you will make it . 
  do n't worry about housework , just focus on keeping kids and yourself alive for the first month and everything else is bonus . 
  you would miss plenty of storylines . 
  [ asos ] ( #b `` balon , lady stoneheart and nightwatch election '' ), 
  argh , stupid english with prepositions , now i see that `` to '' in your sentence . 
  trying to give you some hope , start of the third trimester was worst part , i was hugantic and walking hurt . 
  in ~ 35 baby finally moved down and it was like magic , suddenly i could breath again and moving did n't hurt . 
  of course i was still even more hugantic but it was n't so bad anymore . 
  also the last light in tunnel , 99 % of pregnancy issues will end in minutes after the baby is born . 
  when/if she tries to steal the spotlight with all those i knew they 'll have girl just wear your sweetest smile and say something like `` yeah , it was very lucky guess from you '' . 
  i mostly do just gifts , but every now and then someone wants me to make those heidi bears plushies . 
  so far only one has actually ordered after i told that material cost is 30 $ and it takes usually 40-80 hours to make one , even if i totally undercut myself and charge 1 $ / hour the cost is huge . 
  arianne and myrcella gogogo !, 
  = kokko ( male name ) build a bonfire !, 
  whole bonfire ? 
  yeah , whole bonfire . 
  stannis, 
  when she will ask and seems to be determined to get them and old enough to take care of them . 
  i hope it would n't be before school which means 7 years . 
  mine took until 20 before any feeling and i had everything optimated for feeling them early , i was thin , placenta was in front etc but nope , nothing . 
  finally when i started to feel them it was only few days and even my husband could too . 
  cool !, 
  mine was bit more awkward , conversation went something like this :, 
  so ikuisuus do you think you could do this extra thing , it would only take few weeks, 
  sorry no , my maternity leave starts next week, 
  what ?? 
  are you pregnant ? 
  this all from medical professional when i was at week 36 . 
  often it can be that way because kid wants to , not parents . 
  when i was kid i often saw horrible nightmares and refused to sleep in my own bed after them so i sneaked to my parents bed . 
  some kids just are more sensitive and need more comfort . 
  seriously , good job with your finnish , i would hate to be in your shoes and try to learn all those different cases . 
  i think there would be some issues with ocr , finnish has plenty of dualmeanings with words , like kurkku = throat/cucumber , lehti = magazine/leaf , napa-alue = bellybutton area/north or south pole and so on . 
  happy birthday !, 
  go to all cool places near you . 
  amusement parks , zoos , movies . 
  spend the day like your 8y old self would want to spend it . 
  mom , dad , daughter . 
  when are you getting another kid ? 
  fuck you , we have been trying for over a year . 
  oh those times . 
  solo healing last 7 % at hc lich king when all the rest healers from 25man raid were dead was something that leaves you tremble after the boss is down . 
  i did . 
  it was n't too bad , most words i missed were something about food or clothing . 
  myr original language is finnish and i 'm really glad i can read these in english since first part of adwd ( which is now 3 years old ) was published in finnish this spring , no idea when part two will come . 
  i do n't want to imagine how pissed off i would be while waiting for translations . 
  it 's pretty awkward to read those iconical sentences . 
  i 'm planning to get a bracelet tattoo on my ancle where kids names are small lockets/medallions with symbol associated with them . 
  maybe you could follow the same idea and choose some kind of symbol for your lost baby ? 
  give it some time , it took 9 months to grow the belly so returning back wo n't be instant . 
  mine took 6 months before all pants fitted again . 
  maybe you could find a job and take a skip year while thinking what you want to do and what not . 
  if you have baby from nightmares who does n't sleep , has colic/reflux what ever , first months are just survival battle . 
  if you kid is average , it will be still some what survival battle since all the baby does is eat , sleep and poop . 
  my sister was visiting with her 3 week old , during 90 minutes she had already fed her three times . 
  also , mother will most likely be hormonal , i was more wrecked after birth than during pregnancy and cried uncontrollably every day for few weeks . 
  expect the worst and you may be happily surprised . 
  babies wo n't have routine during first months so sleep when baby does . 
  after first few months it gets better usually and baby starts to respond , they will smile at you and start learning new stuff everyday . 
  it 's rollercoaster ride but atleast my personal opinion is that it 's totally worth it . 
  one more thing . 
  you may not love the baby instantly and ** that is completely normal ** . 
  you may need to take some time to get to knew newcomer and it does n't make you a bad parent . 
  it 's bit more common for fathers to not feel instant spark but usually in few months it will come . 
  also it may happen that father seems to be over the top with omg we have a baby and mother starts to question her feelings . 
  if this happens , it 's once again , normal . 
  mother has had 9 months to grow baby inside and let the feeling grow , using imaginary numbers here . 
  mothers love towards baby rises from 5 to 6 when baby is born . 
  dad who has n't had same kind of relationship with baby rises from 2 to 6 . 
  it seems like dad is feeling so much more and mom is just bit more excited even though they have totally same number in the end . 
  useful subreddits / r/beyondthebump / r/daddit / r/mommit, 
  they can also be all right even with contradictory answers . 
  does 19 count as teenager ? 
  fastforward decade , still together with marriage , child and dog . 
  it can be awesome if done properly . 
  just marry with right reasons and someone you want to be when you get old . 
  no , but that 60 + hours a week was n't healthy anyway .
