  at worst point it was like having mini labor every 3-4 days , it was horrible . 
  now it feels like natural procedure again , hurrah !, 
  oatmeal porridge every damn breakfast and supper has done the trick . 
  that stuff is coming out of my ears but if that is what i have to do to have normal toilet visits then porridge it is . 
  at least oatmeal is healthy , i just wish i would dare to eat banana every now and then but avoiding those like plague . 
  i 'd love to eat salad if someone would make it for me but chopping it seems like way too big task . 
  sounds like your baby has much healthier taste than mine . 
  he wants all the butter and fat he can get . 
  i feel for you . 
  i seem to be checking movement all the time and omg baby has been quiet for atleast hour , something must be wrong . 
  he has been partying all night and sleeping during days since i have felt movements and still i panic at least twice a day that something must be wrong . 
  soon soon , we will soon have our babies here . 
  it is so weird that they could actually be born today and still survive . 
  ** toddler tasted new food **, 
  no , she did n't like that one either . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i have lost baby at 19w but did n't need d&e . the emotional pain is enormous . 
  you could ask around in / r/ttcafterloss . 
  no doubt there is people who have been through same and they might have more spesific advices and answers to your questions . 
  thank you for your rant , i 'm in hormonal rage because of that post and replies . 
  yeah i get that people want to live in their naive little bubble and think that losses do n't happen but some of those replies have been almost rude . 
  those women who lose pregnancy are having one of the toughest moments of their lives should n't have to think if they are making someone feel uncomfortable when saying goodbye to their babies via reddit . 
  so sorry that one of the worst moments of that poor familys life made you feel uncomfortable for whole day , such unconsiderable from them to not consider your feelings . 
  seriously , we all know every pregnancy does n't end well and that tittle was n't even graphic or detailed , just told that they lost the baby . 
  hi guys , i have been reading almost everything daily but having hard time commenting . 
  second trimester is soon ending and my sleeping is going downhill again , i 'm just waking up all the time . 
  baby boy is moving so much and it is awesome . 
  i feel so big already and the fact that most of my maternity pants are getting too small does n't make me feel any smaller . 
  i had hoped that they would last one more month so it could possible be warm enough to just use leggings and dresses but according to forecast , we are getting winter back and for next few weeks weather will stay under freezing point . 
  so i guess i need to buy one more pants at least . 
  hard to compare . 
  second pregnancy was early mc so it was quite short . 
  third pregnancy was horrible , complications since week 5 and ended with premature birth at 19w . 
  fourth pregnancy has been nice again . 
  yeah , and if it end badly , you only have small time to have those good moments thinking about your baby and loving them while they are alive . 
  i regret every moment i spent worrying for uljas when i could have cherished him instead . 
  not wanting to brag but i did it yesterday too , twice !, 
  sadly with some serious drug intervetion but damn , i lost 3 pounds in one day . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  losing baby is always hard moment and i hope to see you back hear soon . 
  this baby was loved for their whole life . 
  thank you for new survey !, 
  feedback , maybe i just have some acceptance issues or something , but could there be one more category to describe your loss . 
  i feel like `` complete miscarriage '' does n't do justice for uljas or other late term babies but i do n't want to claim him as stillborn since he was n't past that point either . 
  i know there is option `` other '' and i used it but it feels somehow wrong . 
  what do my other miserable fellows who got to almost stillborn stage with their losses think ? 
  also , no need to change anything but that `` how long did you bleed '' made me have some sarcastical laughing . 
  it felt quite optimistic to answer 5 + week when exact number was almost 11 weeks . 
  late term loss would be good , it 's also quite umbrella term to cover most of the cases in second trimester that are n't already covered . 
  thanks !, 
  hth ? 
  waiting for your update tomorrow , i 'm so nervous for you but i believe that everything will be alright and first thing you see in us screen is heartbeat !, 
  100 days left , double digits tomorrow . 
  boy had some lazy day yesterday and i was in the edge of my nerves until i drank ice cold water at evening and damn the party started . 
  today he has had so much more regular moving pattern again . 
  at least this week will go fast , we will celebrate my daughters birthday next monday since her father will be in freaking germany when actual date is . 
  here i am picking cakes and planning decorations . 
  i am one of those moms who make huge deal about about birthdays and well , 3 year old birthday and we are having 3 cakes since i ca n't decide between my favourites !, 
  i am already afraid of this . 
  it was fine when there was only one baby , but now we have our daughter who is in her routine and with my luck , baby will be during night and kid during day . 
  i have n't survived any ultrasound without sobbing from joy and relief so i hope you will feel same . 
  what time do you have us , not that i would be furiously refreshing reddit or anything ... 
  sorry for double posting but do n't want to ruin good mood of my previous post . 
  equinox is making me anxious . 
  uljas was born at summer solstice so exactly 9 months ago . 
  somehow solstices and equinoxes are sad days for me , so easy to do counting and know that something in my life is forever broken . 
  honestly great tactic and nice choice for husband , you will have anesthesiologist available immediately when you need epidural !, 
  to be honest , i thought you were expecting for triplets before reading the comments . 
  i blame missing small nuances due not being native in english . 
  yeah , seems like my baby wokes up everytime i 'm reading good-night stories for my eldest . 
  tw : living child & pregnancy, 
  i rarely drink alcohol at all . 
  i have cutted down my caffein take during pregnancies and i do n't drink coffee , just tea and cola . 
  i have had normal pregnancy with caffein and lost two with caffein but neither seemed to be because of caffein intake . 
  i stay under the 200mg limit . 
  seriously , i would n't have survived first trimester with this pregnancy withouth caffein . 
  i was so tired and toddler desided that naps are n't her thing anymore . 
  tea or sip of cola every now and then were only thing that made me survive and i still had to triple her screen time so she could watch cartoon while i took small nap next to her . 
  they already look very much like full term babies , just much smaller and skinnier . 
  their heads are bit bigger compared to rest of the body and skin can be bit transparent but they already look like perfect miniature babies . 
  or at least that is what my baby looked like , born at 5 month . 
  it is possible , on the rarer side but possible . 
  i have been feeling this pregnancy since week 14 with anterior placenta . 
  you will always be carried in hearts of those who love you . 
  i 'm super busy , husband leaving to germany and netherlands for almost week and last minute packing , saying goodbye and everything going on today . 
  we had my daughters 3y birthday party last monday and in two days she will officially turn 3 . 
  omg , she is so big already , my little april fool present . 
  baby has started to play games today , we have been poking each others whole day and i can even tell if it is foot or hand if i manage to catch him !, 
  how awesome . 
  third trimester tomorrow and exactly one month until my maternity leave starts !, 
  i 'm trying to check on you guys but once again it is just upvote-and-move-on withouth commenting anything unless i really feel like i have to say something . 
  good luck and i hope everyones pregnancies are going smoothly !, 
  well , finland rocks with maternity leave . 
  today is last day i am officially at home care leave for my daughter since she turns 3 tomorrow . 
  because i cba to go and tell that i am out of job for two months to get govermental support , i just signed for early maternity leave . 
  maternity leave here starts 30-50 working days before edd . 
  so in my case 30th of april because there is so many paid holidays like midsummer , labours day etc coming which are n't obviously counted as working day . 
  whole maternity leave/parental leave will last for ~ 9 months and then you can be at home until kid is 3 with home care leave . 
  if you are interested , [ here ] ( http://www.kela.fi/web/en/families ) is complete list of benefits for family in english . 
  3 year old just few days ago when summertime started and we were still transitioning and were strugling with evening schedules .
