  i love your dress , my vision of perfect wedding dress was so much bling bling and fair competation with disney princesses . 
  wedding dress is the one dress you should pick by your own taste , not somebody elses . 
  the dress you chose is lovely , it makes your figure look stunning and all the non related single men in your weddings and the few lesbians/bi too will be dying to be on your spouses place . 
  it was only logical . 
  book readers point , it was during same book when cat died and lysa died , only few hundred pages apart . 
  show watchers , there has been year without catelyn which is long time when there is so many other characters . 
  i already have one beautiful girl , i will have another baby soon and meanwhile i can enjoy having her without need to split attention . 
  in a perfect world you never need to be in second or third trimester during hot summer . 
  i would keep on trying if i were you , but it 's your choice . 
  welcome !, 
  not ttc related . 
  my dog got accidentally bitten by another dog few weeks ago to his paw . 
  after vet visit it was stiched so everything was fine and healing . 
  we had stiches removed last friday and now the whole leg is inflamed so new vet bill , new antibiotics and 10 more days with cone of shame . 
  we are bit tight on money and we have spend over 400 $ to his vet bills and medicines this month . 
  same . 
  she does n't smell and every doctor and nurse have complimented how good skin she has . 
  my first pregnancy was just like that , zero mentions about the baby before announcing her birth . 
  that backfired a bit since she was born aprils day so some of those who did n't know i was pregnant thought i was joking . 
  it 's not that hard , just agree with dh that you both shut up and point to those who know that you wish to be pregnant without social media . 
  first they would propably ask who lancel is . 
  i have told to one friend who knew about trying the first one . 
  also i 've been talking about it in our baby group but they are all really supportive , but sometimes i still regret it since when i talk about future there , someone often ask `` how is it going to work out with number two ? '' . 
  ^ first ^ i ^ need ^ to ^ get ^ pregnant ^ before ^ two ^ can ^ even ^ happen, 
  lovely , i had n't thought that not doing join-as-you-go would give opportunity to one extra colour !, 
  i wonder if this could be just her way to deal all those things she sees in her job ? 
  my daughters godfathers girlfriend ( atleast not her neighbours aunts cat ) works in urgent child protection service and while she is lovely lady , it 's kinda creepy how she talks about my daughter . 
  there has been one-liners `` it 's fascinating that she keeps eye contact with other humans . '', 
  `` oh , she comes to you to ask help , how extraordinary '' . 
  these are translations so not totally accurate but you may get the point . 
  she does n't mean that i 'm bad mother and my baby is doing well despite me being in her parent , she just have n't used to be with normal kids . 
  all the kids she see are neglected , badly treated , abused ... 
  list goes on . 
  i try to say that maybe your mil is just having hard time to grasp that the reality she sees in work is n't the norm ? 
  everything takes forever . 
  it really would have paid forward to focus on studies so i would n't need to have extra year in school to graduate . 
  no , i 'm happy this way and he is gay . 
  sand , sweat and shovel !, 
  beign in akward positions . 
  it 's simple , all you need is hypermobility !, 
  nomnomnom song !, 
  statue of invader zims pig made from sugar and marzipan . 
  i would n't even call my feelings fleeting moments anymore but yeah , i have same kind of days . 
  some days are better and some worse , but remember that you are allowed to have these feelings as long as you wo n't rain on others parade . 
  vent all you want and then try to congratulate them with as much sincerity as possible . 
  kids are gifts after all and some day you will have your own . 
  mine is same , she is long but skinny and have been for whole 13 months . 
  we are having extra appointments just to follow her weight gain but doctors have assured she is completely healthy , she just burns all her calories to run around . 
  they keep telling that monitoring is only to be on the safe side since she really ca n't afford to slower her weight gain . 
  we have extra oil in her food , she drinks the milk with most fat , something like ~ 4.5 % and otherwise eats healthy food . 
  i think the insult lies in the feeling that they are questioning my ability to feed her enough but she eats a lot , she just is the way she is . 
  i got ta admit , i 've sometimes almost jealously said `` oh how cute chubby baby '' , but i try to always add that we could use some extra fat for ours and explain where my comment comes from . 
  me and my high horse , now i want to just hide and cry again . 
  one more `` hey we are pregnant , by the way our kid is yourger than yours . '', 
  why not me ... :(, 
  do you have a pattern for it ? 
  well that makes it even more impressive !, 
  ooh , fingers crossed !, 
  waiting to ovulate , i though i would have o today , or maybe yesterday but nope , tests are blank . 
  wow !, 
  as someone who is actually from the north irl ( finland ) , it 's not so easy to build snow castle , especially if you do n't have good quality snow . 
  ~ ~ winterhell ~ ~ winterfell was impressive, 
  i 'm thankful for fantastic weather , it has been heatwave here . 
  i 'm also thankful for my daughter who finds new talents and abilities every day and it 's awesome to see how she learns new things . 
  especially because last night was the first night when she slept in her own bed whole night !, 
  horrible idea , even our adult dog somewhat suffered from the lack of attention when our kid was newborn . 
  congratulations for the marriage . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with us systems so ca n't really give any good advices , but our first child was done approximately 0-4 days after priest said amen . 
  today opk showed positive and i 'm going to make it count !, 
  this will be the cycle . 
  it was n't a bad game , but da :o was so much better so it was huge dissapointment after that . 
  breastfeed less . 
  1 dpo here , atleast 10 more days before i can test . 
  i 'm so anxious to test , due date would be valentines day and it would be awesome !, 
  how long did it take to make the bag ? 
  i 'm considering it but lacking free time at the moment . 
  but but ... darude had plenty of hits . 
  then again , i 'm finn so maybe it 's some national thing . 
  / r/mommit or / r/crochet, 
  i really ca n't decide . 
  you got noticed that you will have amnesia very soon ( do n't ask ) . 
  this is your home , you are sitting next to your pc . 
  the dog is okay , he is just whiny at the moment . 
  hubby and kid ( check pictures in your left , not the boy , he is your nephew ) are coming back in 30 mins . 
  ask him to explain . 
  meanwhile check history from the tabs you have opened in your browser . 
  also in pictures file you may check how your kid and hubby look like . 
  in the bedroom there is ipad , there you can browse your wedding photos . 
  good luck . 
  actually , do not read this before mods and up/downvoters have cleared spoilers . 
  i think every watcher can guess that it wo n't need many words to spoil outcome of next episode . 
  and that kind of thread is almost an invite to idiots who want to ruin other peoples experience . 
  what dpo was realistic day to test with sensitivity of 25miu/ml ? 
  i do n't want to ruin my hope of valentines day baby too early . 
  i exclusively breastfeeded 5 months and was still nursing when periods came 9 months after birth , in a damned christmas eve , thanks santa . 
  yeah but people really do n't use them and not sure about the policy there . 
  12 days ??? 
  no , but atleast in peter dinklages ama , there was idiots who answered to every peters answer with spoilers to get as much visibility as possible , that kind of spoilers i mean . 
  you wo n't contribute anything to discussion when it goes like :, 
  - random user : so pedro , how is the weather ?
