  girls : taika ( magic ) , eleonoora , meeri , lilja ( lily ) kerttu , ilona ( to be someones or somethings joy ) , rosmariini ( rosemary ) saraste ( dawn / daybreak ) , vadelma ( raspberry ) , vellamo . 
  at the moment most of the names from 1900-1930 are hugely popular in finland . 
  top five for girls is 1 . 
  aino and for boys 1 . 
  elias 3 . 
  leo 5 . 
  thank you so much , maybe i will get rid of my fluffy pile after all in peaceful manners !, 
  than you ( and also other responders ) , clippers did n't cross my mind . 
  this leaves so much room for activities !, 
  atleast in finland , juhani and maria are the most popular names of all the names included in recorded history of population information storage . 
  they are n't common in first name but very common as a middle name . 
  both come from the bibble , juhani is old version of john the baptist and maria of course virgin mary . 
  finland so definately snow . 
  could also roll with forest , ice or lake . 
  if you edit it please fix that jamie typo . 
  i 'm somewhat fine with tv-only folk misspelling names but original author is clearly book reader . 
  i 'm on my maternity leave and my little baby daughter turns to be 7 months next week . 
  if your baby is a bad sleeper like mine , be prepared that you really ca n't do much housework and do n't feel bad about it . 
  beign with the baby can be overwhelming after a bad night so seriously take care of yourself and take timeouts . 
  you are lucky that there is two other parents who can also take care of the baby so you can try to get some me-time . 
  that 's enough of the downsides , now you can be there for her first smile , crawling , teeth etc. 
  seriously , your baby is the most awesome thing ever happening to you ( atleast mine is for me ) and enjoy your time with the little miracle . 
  plenty of great points here but i noticed one missing . 
   here in finland we often use sheep hide in baby carriage or sled under the baby like this : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-rwdqsp-t2am/twqozzhlfti/aaaaaaaaere/1qoridfjnzs/s1600/pulkassa3.jpg . 
  it is exceptionally warm and soft and keeps the cold away creeping from ground . 
  my dot is 1km off and i 'm 99 % certains it 's me since there is only 5 dots in my city and others are in the other side of city . 
  world of warcraft , killing lich king in 10man hardmode pretty early , something like 10 % buff . 
  i know it 's not world first or even close but damned i felt good about myself . 
  we duohealed it and i have never before and never after been so confident about my playing and skills . 
  sadly , nowadays i 'm mediocre healer . 
  to my future santa , there is tons of game of throne spoilers in my comment history , please take care of yourself !, 
  btw , is there any way to edit this info to my profile , i 'm bit new with this ss thing . 
  depends a lot , i live in the middle of nowhere so if the shipping cost is very high i ca n't really afford to go much over 20 dollars . 
  there was map linked in here somewhere few days ago which tracked locations for santas and finland had ~ 50 participants . 
  http://redditgifts.com/statistics/secret-santa-2013/map/ here it is , i knew it was good idea to comment on that thread !, 
  brilliant !, 
  this is kind of blanket i spend my days dreaming of doing and then i find myself doing something less ambitious . 
  argh , calling is so tempting but i do n't want to imagine how much it costs overseas . 
  you should consider skype account maybe so international elves could unite ? 
  and yeah , i 'd love to be elf but rather spending that money for my match . 
   next year maybe !, 
  when you get your match you could also try hobby related subreddits , atleast knitting has their own wishlist , separated from ss . 
  why did n't i thought that and i have 10 + of those plushies . 
  that 's absolutely brilliant idea !, 
  i 'd be extremely confused since he is gay . 
  and also refuse , i love my husband . 
  our 911 is 112 but same stuff , different box . 
  i have called twice . 
  first because of my friend was staying at my place after surgery since he could n't carry any groceries or walk long distances so i took care of him , cooked him meals and spend all days gaming . 
  ( it was awesome ) . 
  well one night he told me his scar hurts , soon after that he was in awful agony and had hard time to breathe . 
  then i called 112 and ambulance came and all is well now and we are still friends . 
  second time i had just arrived to school and going to the class when i saw woman laying in the corridor , she had puked and peed and was unconcious but breathing . 
  i made the call , ambulance came pretty fast and later i heard she had stroke and because of fast respond she is still walking , talking etc but had to quit teaching . 
  cold . 
  finland . 
  actually whole eu atleast and most of other countries in europe too . 
  sadly no , but it could make a hilarious parody , harry potter with his scar in his tummy and everypady checking it out . 
  yes , crocheting stay at home mom here !, 
  i love christmas and this is most likely only chance to actually hear about someone 's wishes and give something they want . 
  when asking from my family their wishes there is just `` i do n't know '' as an answer . 
  14:07 here , hopefully we 'll get matched before night . 
  so did i and oh dear god he loves the same books and i 'm so excited !, 
  is it possible to be rematcher but sign up only for non-international shipping ? 
  i 'd love to be rematcher but i do n't think i can afford international shippings , that 's why i did n't pick it in the first place either . 
  i have so far made blanket , hat and half of the happypotamus and still have atleast one hat and few slippers in to-do list . 
  lovely to read this . 
  i have stated months ago same thing in this subreddit . 
  even while sansa seems to be weak , she is the only stark who could survive in kl since she does n't fight back . 
  she takes every hit and just turns the other cheek and there is her wisdom . 
  she do n't have power to fight back so she focuses on surviving . 
  is it too tacky to send our family christmas card where my daughter and dog are posing ? 
  that is brilliant !, 
  from fellow hooker , i 'm so envious now !, 
  i did the same and feeling bit bad too now . 
  maybe they are in vacation ? 
  my ss had contacted me so i was able to tell him that i wo n't be home during next few weeks besides fast visits to water the flowers and empty the mailbox . 
  so if my present comes to mail tomorrow , i probably wo n't open it before weekend . 
  they could also be waiting for christmas to open it . 
  yep , i started around 2000 . 
  can you imagine 11 freaking years after asos to wait before finding out what happened to [ adwd ] ( #b `` tyrion '' ), 
  do n't read the comments there , some idiot is spoiling everything . 
  you are a walking sign of pregnancy brains < 3, 
  we cosleep and my daughter is turning 9 months in new year . 
  she refuses to sleep in her own bed and i do n't want to force her to do that since i think she really is looking for that closeness and having mum and dad near . 
  i do n't see a reason to move her any time soon and we talked with our husbands that it 's ok as long as she stops before bringing boyfriends for sleepover . 
  married to bank . 
  my used to be best friend told me that few guys in our class are planning to rape me . 
  we were 11y old . 
  i was so freaking scared . 
  years later i learned that the bitch lied about so many things but that is the one lie that really hit hard . 
  that leg is not broken , you just got to eat pain killers and go on . 
  just being themselves , you ca n't really expect much from babies . 
  i 'm just loving it !, 
  [ pattern by heidi bears ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/happypotamus-the-happy-hippo-crochet-pattern ), 
  counting raw hours , i think more than 10h but definately less than 20h . 
  it took 4 months so it 's hard to calculate . 
  since i used same colours in every motif , i found it easiest to do each colour at a time . 
  even though lilac took the longest time , the green one was most annoying . 
  when i started to crocheting motifs together it was pretty fast if you do n't count few re-crocheting when i did n't pay attention to the pattern enough .
