  also , atleast i think this is big deal but finally at double digits !, 
  oh dear , i checked that post . 
  your poor little karma will never be the same after that brigade . 
  but on to more important things , congratulations for tomorrow !, 
  it is , especially when i 'm ruining it all with staying up late today . 
  ca n't resist watching election results , they are extremely tight this time . 
  first party has been same during whole result counting but places 2-4 have been switching whole evening . 
  still 4 % missing from countings and of course it 's capital and our area who are last ones to be ready . 
  awesome that you got appointment finally and so soon !, 
  good luck !, 
  finland , it 's 23:36 here now so i 'm starting to get sleepy now . 
  2 % anymore , i can make it !, 
  why , greens who are very multicultural party got huge victory and we have now two members that are not originally from finland . 
  i think it 's a pretty big message even when true finns also had okay results . 
  i have same issue , usually because they do n't translate well and half time i miss those puns when i read text and do n't know the pronounciation . 
  good example is that i thought for years that meme is pronounced like me-me and not like the same way like gene is pronounced . 
  i think it 's the fact that average member of parliament needs ~ 10000 votes to get in , of course with our vote counting system a big name can drag people with smaller personal vote counts . 
  but anyway , there clearly is n't enough non-native finns to vote those two in , so it means also natives have voted which is though to be sign of more tolerance towards those non-natives . 
  it 's more about the message and not about those exact two members . 
  sorry for that language butchering , i clearly need to take hard look on my political vocabulary . 
  that is all you can do and all that you need to do . 
  atleast for me whole pregnancy seems way too big thing to go through , but then again , i do n't need to survive whole pregnancy immediately , only this day . 
  good luck and all the strenght and patience to survive these days . 
  good point , coming from uusimaa region i have bit skewed idea of how many votes people need . 
  heartbeat is still huge thing so no reason to not be anxious !, 
  oh honey , you had some rough night . 
  i hope you can do something to pamper yourself a bit and make you feel better . 
  while this may not make you feel better , maybe this will help you know that you are not alone : for me at each of my pregnancy , hormones have made me extremely sad and melancholic exactly at those weeks . 
  15 weeks , yei !, 
  are you already having a signs of proper bump ? 
  good luck !, 
  damn you , now i really want to stay up and wait for your results !, 
  soon soon !, 
  lot 's of hugs . 
  it must be so scary and frustrating when whole first half of pregnancy is wait game for you . 
  i sincerely hope that you will have good results and after that the nesting frenzy will hit you so hard . 
  sounds great !, 
  it 's totally possible . 
  earliest i have heard has been at 13w but then again , i felt first kicks at 20 even while having optimal conditions to feel early , i was pretty thin and placenta was n't on a way etc. 
  just adding this so all those 15w-20w bumpers do n't start to panic where their kicks are . 
  with some extra weight and placenta in front it may take even longer . 
  it could be nice , or we could just try to make it habit that everyone adds their weeks at the end of their post if they make post on alumni thread ? 
  spotted ~ 9w-15w , few times bit more than spotting , teaspoon of red blood few times . 
  she is two years old now . 
  according to doctors it was hormonal thing . 
  this pregnancy , this is not spotting , this is closer to ejaculating blood for the last 4 weeks , going strong at 10 +2 . 
  i have hematoma in my uterus which means i 'm bleeding like no tomorrow , althought now it seems finally slowing down . 
  i really need to hire this person for to follow my alts when doing lfr first time with them . 
  coming from dd/mm/yyyy format using country , please have that month thing like you explained , i 'm always getting confused if both numbers are 12 or less . 
  toddler and fatigue would be worst combination ever without coffeine and i still often fall asleep while i try to make her take her naps . 
  this is totally jinxing it but guys , 5 days in row with very minor bleeding !!!, 
  and that sweet sweet nauseous feeling does those funny 10 minute peeks just holding sign `` remember to eat or i will be your doom '' and then it goes away . 
  i 'm so anxious , summer is almost here and i want to go to outside , run with my dog , play with kid and swim and everything . 
  it was already so warm that i did n't even need gloves when i took small walk with dog . 
  also , today i 'm going to have final review of my thesis before it 's finished and then i only need to present it in seminar and i will finally graduate !, 
  my bil told that he could take me to school , we moved during christmas so with public transport it would have taken 2h 15min , with his car ~ 45 min . 
  15th of november . 
  that is certainly scary . 
  i hope the baby is fine and also that you can find peace of mind for your baby too asap . 
  to find 5 written sources in my native language about spesific internet related stuff and two of them had to be journals . 
  no web sources allowed . 
  no sources older than 5 years . 
  time for this ? 
  1 week . 
  ffs , there is n't exactly surplus of finnish professional journal books . 
  we usually order starters for our daughter . 
  since she is only 2 , most kids meals are too big for her and starters are usually more varied . 
  if that 's not second line i am an elephant . 
  my friend who is into live action role playing was just leaving for a game with costume already on . 
  he was playing huge green orc with giant axe and thought his drive was ringing door bell . 
  he opened the door and did n't even had time to say anything while jehovah 's witnesses were already walking away with very fast speed . 
  thank you for doing this . 
  it 's totally readable on desktop . 
  try to relax , those hormons are bitch sometimes . 
  nope , even at third trimester sleeping position will usually be too uncomfortable for you and you will wake up before it can cause harm to baby . 
  good to hear !, 
  i do n't know how i 'm feeling about this bleeding . 
  since it 's milder it obviously takes longer to crawl from uterus to toiletpaper/pad , so it 's much stickier and every now and then gives me scares that it 's clots . 
  why ca n't i just relax and be happy that i 'm not soaking those pads every few hours . 
  there is still those two nameless male actors who we have n't seen i think . 
  as long as i do n't know who they are , i 'm keeping hype alive . 
  they refused to give any estimation since hematoma had grown last time . 
  12 days for the next check up , nt-ultra and after that gyn specialist will take closer look of that hematoma . 
  i seriously hope there is nothing to see except dancing schr\u00f6dinger anymore at that point . 
  same as yesterday , feeling that i ca n't handle this pregnancy . 
  my urine test results were totally messed up because all the blood . 
  called to midwife and almost vomited all my worries into her ear . 
  first thing she says : '' i have free time monday 09 , want to come and listen for hearthbeat ? '', 
  i love that woman . 
  atleast i saw it immediately . 
  somehow people want to prepare you for the worst but never tell the best parts . 
  how you will love their first smile , how their tiny toes are so small and cute that you could just stare them forever , how they are the piece of your heart that from now on will go on outside of your body . 
  awesome !, 
  same boat and my farts smell like rotten eggs , even dog ca n't stand them . 
  last week i woke up at night and i was thinking that i must clearly be cramping and having mc since my tummy hurt so much . 
  gathered myself and went to toilet to see my doom . 
  nope , not mc but longest fart ever . 
  it was such a relief . 
  you have great attitude !, 
  keep it up .
