  if you are really worried , you could talk to your sister and ask her opinion . 
  usually you should imitate how baby eats , so first you do quick short squeezes and after milk starts to come you slow down and squeeze little bit longer , something like 2-5 seconds . 
  you will learn how your boobs work !, 
  nope and never heard about this before in any forum or conversation . 
  it 's not . 
  almost everyone starts to look for some kind of hope of giving birth at that point . 
  home means mold in finnish . 
  it was so confusing as a child when every video said `` home video '' and video = video in finnish . 
  eli5 mold video ? 
  chicken = kotkotkot, 
  dog = hauhau or vuhvuh, 
  cat = miau, 
  sheep = b\u00e4\u00e4, 
  finnish it is . 
  when you are watching kids talent shows and you identify with parents who are cheering to their child . 
  also same goes with all movies , damnit ariel was brat who was so know-it-all and finding true love at the ripe age of 16 . 
  the ultimate , when your kids start to have kids on purpose . 
  first one decided to try being homo , seems like it did n't suit him since he is married now with wife and kids . 
  second turned to god and for a while was hard core christian . 
  i was thinking same . 
  only teacher we had to use surname was our english teachers since they wanted us to learn different customs . 
  - finland, 
  we do n't use mr or ms in almost any other place except army and in top goverment jobs so there is n't same kind of formality of not being in first name basis . 
  parents of your friends , teachers , boss at work , customer when you are server , always first names . 
  that way you are n't being anarchist or disrespectful when you say maria instead of miss virtanen . 
  - finland, 
  i went to gym first time in few years and i actually enjoyed it . 
  sansa is the most badass of starks and definately smartest one . 
  also arya is psychopat and on her way to be even worse than ramsay or joffrey . 
  small things like going to toilet alone , it 's awesome to try to change tampon when 17m old is trying to steal it . 
  i just need 2 min pause button to them and everything would be awesome . 
  in our training class one couch father explained it so well . 
  if your scale how much you love is from 1 to 10 , pregnant woman can slowly build that love during pregnancy and end up in 7/10 and raise to 8/10 after birth . 
  often it 's not so easy for father , during pregnancy it may only go to 3/10 . 
  after he meets the little fellow , it jumps to 8/10 . 
  both parents are in same number but mom doesnt notice different and father is over the top in love . 
  seeing that change may make mom to think that she does n't really love the child as much as father . 
  so you should n't compare feelings , everyone loves in their own way and some are slower to start showing those feelings . 
  usage of maternity clothes varies so much . 
  my wintertrousers were good enough during whole pregnancy since you could adjust their size but some pants were too uncomfortable after 8 weeks . 
  also summer dresses give so much more room than pants . 
  what i try to say , do n't care when other people have used their maternity clothes , it 's not always about the size . 
  why not , she wants to murder people for doing their job or because they have wronged her in her opinion . 
  ilyn payne for example , all he did was following orders . 
  these lovely bones , there were so many parts where i was teary . 
  have worst birthday ever . 
  i would call babysitter or someone to take care of the kid , you do n't want toddler to wonder around while mommy is laying dead . 
  i would write few fast letters and then just spend time with my kid while recording everything so i could combine telling her how much i love her while still being with her . 
  his name is sera but gets often called p\u00f6\u00f6p\u00f6 . 
  according to my baby , starting solids ment total downgrade with sleeping . 
  from 2-3 wake ups to 5-7 and it lasted for months . 
  there was n't any particular bond . 
  it 's not soul crushing with northern lights . 
  pretty much . 
  they went to look another vampire in dallas who was missing and during investigation found out that godric had lured the other vampire to fellowship . 
  it was shapeshifters who saved sookie from the church . 
  eric was only visiting dallas because he wanted to check how borrowing sookie to dallas vampires goes . 
  no we did n't , we just suffered . 
  even with bad sleeping , it was pretty awesome that i could leave the kid for more than few hours after she started solids since she was totally brestfed and did n't accept bottles . 
  it will maybe come up with history class but it really wo n't be more than one page in history books . 
  chernobyl disaster was same year i was born and we live close enough that some of the radioactive stuff to come here in small amounts , after that was tearing down the berlin wall . 
  neither of those topics were heard in day to day discussion with any friends or parents . 
  so i really think kids are n't going to talk about it much in this part of the world . 
  for us who were old enought to understand what was happening , to see it live on tv , it 's one of those moments you propably will remember forever . 
  for later generations , it 's just history that lead to point where they are then . 
  it 's not really controversial in reddit . 
  everytime these threads pop up , in top 3 there is something about eugenics . 
  you can do it !, 
  i planned to go all natural as long as i could but some things occured that made me beg epidural and i 'm happy that i got it . 
  remember you are great mom and strong woman , epidural or not . 
  by the way , from non english point of view , alaska is sooooo pretty name !, 
  she says her own name !, 
  she uses it like warcry and it 's so cute !, 
  i do n't think days from o to possible bfp/af are the stressing one , af to o are much worse when you are trying to recover from failure , also known as af and trying to schedule all that so spontaneus bd to match with o. 
  after o it 's just the wait game and you can focus to other parts of life since there is nothing else to do . 
  i 'm happy for her but gosh , george is younger than my first one so it should have been me pregnant and not her . 
  oh dear , you went to askreddit and saw circlejerk ? 
  did n't you know it 's okay to hate all kind of peoples that do n't fit to your ideal standard as long as it 's just for the controversial topic . 
  i hate those threads . 
  i do n't know which one of those comments hit you or are you just being decent human but really honey , chin up and try to do your part of making world better and tolerating accepting place . 
  i live in south finland so worst weather i need to suffer is something like -30 c. 
  i really recommend you to go to place where they sell gears for snowboarding and other outdoor sports for winter . 
  i bought pants and jacket few years ago and they are so awesome . 
  for footwear : http://www.eccouksale.co.uk/cheap-ecco-siberia-womens-boot-espresso-uk-ecco-boots-294.html i love these , my toes have never been so warm before . 
  i guess i am , we have opt-out system here and obviously i have n't opted out . 
  you are . 
  rolled down the stairs . 
  i have no memories about it but my mom certainly has . 
  high heels . 
  similar system in finland . 
  also during adult age some vaccines are free , like yearly influenza shots for risk groups like elder people , pregnant women and healtcare workers . 
  polio and tetanus every 10 years also . 
  me too . 
  one that would help keeping balance and grabbing objects . 
  climbing icy hill , i slipped and hit nose to my assault rifle and it nearly ripped my nose off but since it was freaking cold i did n't feel it and marched few more kilometres before starting to wonder why that nosebleed is n't ending . 
  congratulations , you are pregnant !, 
  this is bit sad but hoping that my opinion would matter to someone . 
  i 'm thankful for my lovely husband who once again gives me hope that this cycle is the cycle . 
  and as usual , i 'm thanful for my daughter . 
  she finally learned her own name and uses it as a warcry !,
