   where , how should i be ? 
   should i shout if you would be here still with me ? 
   chorus, 
   please take me there where he/she is ,, 
   stream be kind towards my journey ,, 
   please take me there where he/she is ,, 
   ferryman hear my deepest wish . 
   this light hurts my i eyes in this tunnel where still choir is singing ,, 
   early i learned how fragile happiness is , how it wo n't last long, 
   i want to know why long ago you did n't return while you should had, 
   soon i lost my path and easy road turned to be rocky one, 
   please bring me where he/she is, 
   at the dark stream, 
   please bring me back to his/her side, 
   under earth and water girl is rowing ,, 
   singing with the dead languages ,, 
   under earth and water girl is rowing ,, 
   it 's slow and calm stream . 
  ouch . 
  to give you other perspective , while my labour was hurtful ( no way , never happens ) , only few hours after labour i was already thinking that i would rather give birth once a month than have periods . 
  that 's so scary and i hope you can find something to fill your mind during next weeks . 
  i really recommend checking / r/ttcafterloss for support , we have daily alumni thread there for women who have had loss before current pregnancy . 
  atleast for me it is very much helping to cope when i know i 'm not the only one panicking every cramp and every visit to toilet . 
  seriously , my periods are on heavy side , 7 days and lot 's of tylenol . 
  atleast with birth you can have epidural etc if you feel pain is too much and it only takes ~ 12 hours . 
  yes . 
  my weight is out of charts . 
  totally limited from any kind of physical activities , ravenously hungry because pregnant and i have always been comfort eater and guess who feels the need for comforting chocolate 24/7 at the moment . 
  9 lbs during first trimester is bad i think . 
  every time i poop my bleeding is heavier for short while because it also makes stuff move in vagina faster . 
  you know how women try to start labour when they are approaching their edd with having sex , climbing stairs and walking ? 
  it 's bit same thing i think , it also actives muscles you use while delivering . 
  so i think it 's just that you activated those muscles bit much and uterus thought now is good time to do some little pre-training . 
  i hope cramping calms down soon and you 'll have nice and peaceful mother 's day . 
  try to rest honey . 
  symtoms come and go at the beginnig . 
  try to cool down back to your cucumber state . 
  at this point you ca n't do nothing so just repeat slowly : `` today i am pregnant '' . 
  second trimester !!!, 
  today will be all about the mothers day , first husband took kid at the morning and i had long morning sleep . 
  then got breakfast in bed and gifts , they had even done card by themselves . 
  i got yarn and pieces for railway set for me and kid to play . 
  kid also sang , first happy mothersday song and then she got confused and started to sing kids song about rabbit who had hurt their feet , visited the doctor , got medicine and then happily jumped away . 
  the version i got that mom needs to jump away , visit doctor and take her medicines . 
  next we are going to restaurant and later to inlaws summer cottage where will be pretty much everyone from that sides immedent family and we 'll be having joined celebration dinner with me , mil and sil . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  my situation sounded same . 
  normal first pregnancy , then very early mc after half year of trying . 
  i only have my own experience but having child wo n't make loss easier . 
  it just makes it different . 
  atleast i already had visions of my kids playing together and then they were all taken from me . 
  oh dear , i 'm so happy for you that everything is fine . 
  awesome that you got to see your baby !, 
  this day definitely counts for you , so from all of my heart , happy mothersday !, 
  gives me a good feeling that even your brain is n't worried so you should n't be either . 
  sounds familiar , that sudden bloated bump just appears out of nowhere after noon and dissappears for morning . 
  good that you feel better now !, 
  i 'm sorry , hate to know you are feeling this way . 
  wednesday ca n't come soon enough for you and i think each and everyone in this sub is wishing good luck to you and hoping great results . 
  lovely < 3, 
  had midwife meeting today once again . 
  last time it took 15minutes to find heartbeat . 
  this time , less than 15 seconds . 
  everything was fine , even my hemoglobin had dropped so little that it can be totally pregnancy related and not because of hematoma . 
  midwife was so optimistic that she suggested we could try to do urine test next time again since last time it had way too much blood to give any reliable results . 
  well , there is 4 weeks until next time so maybe , maybe not . 
  2 weeks to next us , ca n't wait to see schr\u00f6dinger again and maybe even find out gender . 
  it really depends of your baby . 
  mine was one of those who coul n't just keep themselves clean . 
  there was poop all the way to neck , burb everywhere etc. 
  worst days it was 7 outfits so none of the normal `` you need x outfits '' were enough for us . 
  so i recommend getting enough outfits to survive atleast one day and then get to know your baby if they need extras . 
  well , first thing that actually comes to my mind is the fact that i pronounced mc hammer for years like you pronounce mcdonalds . 
  why did no one ever point it out to me ??? 
  short version . 
  in my now bil 's bedroom . 
  longer version . 
  my back then boyfriend wanted to intruduce me to bunch of his friends by playing d&d . fine by me , i was roleplayer back then and still am . 
  well , first game was in my bil 's home and there was of course his little brother too playing with same group . 
  i really do n't remember much of him at that point , i was just despereately trying to remember names of these 7 new fellows i had just met . 
  well , fast forward and two years later we started dating . 
  10 year anniversary next autumn incoming . 
  edit : just to defend myself from utter shame , english definitely is n't my mother tongue . 
  when son weights too much to be lifted anymore , unless son feels uncomfortable earlier and is old enough to walk by themselves . 
  telling that mom is bit sick so we have to stay inside and wait for dad to come back from work and take her to park . 
  my nephews birthday was on mother 's day this year . 
  we just celebrated birthday day early . 
  card and special chocolate . 
  there is chocolate factory in town where i live and collected some specials from there that she ca n't get from where she lives . 
  well , since this was only my third mother 's day as a mother , it seems that every year is better and better . 
  this year was first one my kid was actually capable of contributing anything . 
  she made card with help of her father and sang me few songs , even though words were n't exactly as they were supposed to be . 
  let me sleep , feed me and do n't make me clean after you in the kitchen . 
  everything else is bonus . 
  such impatience , it only took 11 years to find out what happened to tyrion after he left kingslanding . 
  he must have read the time traveling fetus thing . 
  not sure about post you replied but most book readers really like loras . 
  in books he is much more than just gay character . 
  old town would be my bet , or maybe highgarden . 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` i still think it 's tyrells plot to keep loras from fighting for cercei . '' ),
