  if i get fever i need to go and get checked status asap . 
  comforting news is also that doctor asked when i am having my anatomy scan and i told that exactly month from today . 
  she thought about it for a second and said that we will have us in two weeks to keep me sane so i do n't need to wait 4 weeks for next news and also i can get better grasp of what to plan for summer . 
  so all in all , i 'm pretty comfortable with results . 
  15 +2 now . 
  on the other news , i missed my sil with like minute or two in hospital , she went to give birth for her third kid so now we are waiting for news about the new baby !, 
  great to hear !, 
  oh my , you are already on half way . 
  it seems like everyone else is gaining weeks double speed !, 
  i 'm so glad that you are happy and content with your life now !, 
  according to us there should n't be much if any incoming bleeding anymore so maybe this will really work out . 
  she really is , 2 weeks is very nice pace . 
  first week goes fast when `` we just saw that everything is fine '' and then it 's already less than week to next appointment . 
  wow , half way is big thing !, 
  i 'm excited to hear your news from scan !, 
  lovely fellow , immediately telling mommy not to worry !, 
  lannisters had jaime , cercei and tyrion and then tywins wife died . 
  tyrells have margaery and in books 3 sons instead of only loras . 
  boltons are actually hanging on that one bastard . 
  martells had daughter and two sons but they are all combined to trystane . 
  so it is more like show practise instead of book . 
  starks had 5 heirs , baratheons technically 3 , greyjoys 4 and so on . 
  wonderful idea , i hope i can find these books somewhere . 
  amazon is n't really option since it takes atleast week to ship , propably more . 
  awesome !, 
  i was hoping these news when i woke up today !, 
  argh the people . 
  i hope you had lovely trip !, 
  oh my , she really is gorgeous , congratulations so much !, 
  measuring ahead is always great , especially during first trimester !, 
  sorry for hematoma , i hope yours will go away asap . 
  if you need to talk about it , i 'm all ears . 
  try to take it easy . 
  i know it 's rough . 
  my first succesfull pregnancy gave zero signs before nausea starting at 5 +4 and even after that was very mild . 
  i hope you will get things more comfortable around you !, 
  my first though was that they have history of miscarriage . 
  i know i have and every announcement during first trimester in facebook and other social media makes me feel envious for those ladies who ( in my point of view ) seem so naive to think that everything will go alright . 
  of course i 'm not saying it aloud , i just say congratulations but deep in my mind i think that if they would have realistical grasp of the risks , they would be more quiet . 
  according to my doctor when it starts to be uncomfortable , your body is telling that it is time to move on to better positions . 
  unless you are actually bouncing with your belly , you wo n't harm them if you turn to your stomach while sleeping . 
  honestly , i do n't remember anyone here being constantly calm during first trimester , more like opposite . 
  freaking out is normal thing even with pregnancies without loss , even more normal with ones with idea of morbid realities . 
  congratulations and i hope you stay will be long !, 
  happy to have you here !, 
  oh my , a girl !!!, 
  wonderful news !, 
  atleast i do n't stay . 
  for weeks it was common habit for me to fall asleep while putting my daughter to nap . 
  then i would wake up 15-30 minutes later she either climbing in top of me , reading books by herself or sleeping next to me . 
  it 's this horrible wait game , always waiting for next appointment until you can feel baby kicking . 
  only good thing i have found about is ( this will be tmi ) , is that 24 hours before appointment i 'm starting to be in full panic mode which means i 'm feeling ill enough for my stomach to forget constipation and just emptying itself . 
  no need for laxatives , yey i guess !, 
  just checked , there is one free at our adult section , finnish one is reserved but english one is available !, 
  how can it take so long , are you living in south pole or something ? 
  amazon uk offers me 5-8 work days shipping . 
  now when i 'm not feeling miserable anymore , this is hilarious . 
  i got summers first heath/sunstroke ( not sure which one is correct translation ) . 
  it was almost 19c / 66f here !, 
  pregnancy + summer might be the doom of me . 
  what , it 's counted as summer weather here !, 
  we pretty much never get 88 f !, 
  at 77f we already get warnings of heathwave !, 
  it 's serious business here . 
  i could n't live at that warm climate . 
  then again , let 's talk again when i 'm still pretty comfortable in my winter gear at -14 f !, 
  florida , now i get how my puny 66f sounds cold . 
  i have always been bad with warm weather and sun caught me by surprise today . 
  scarves ?? 
  oh my , here i am already cherishing my summer dresses and wondering where i hid bikinis . 
  from october to april , absolutely !, 
  i think you are better of to seek council from multiple communities and forums . 
  some of the advices for singletons just do n't work with double trouble . 
  / r/parentsofmultiples will propably have tons of great suggestions for you !, 
  graduating and going to friends 30 y parties !, 
  weekend is finally starting to be over , while it has been nice , it has also been exhausting . 
  i could sleep for week now . 
  i think i mentioned here that i graduated friday , and then saturday-sunday we were at friends combined 30y old parties . 
  schr\u00f6dinger managed to give best gift ever , they started kicking saturday evening while i was watching others playing setlers of catan . 
  i think now i can breath bit more easily when i can feel them moving and not just wait for another appointment . 
  do n't forget `` i 'm not worrying , something must be wrong ! '', 
  if i remember right , he did n't promise not to kill that character , he just has to accept divorce as a side effect . 
  i 'm so sorry , my heart is aching for you . 
  that is so cute !, 
  i have never seen thing like that but i want to eat it !, 
  ouch , i hope it will ease up soon !, 
  16 is pretty early for movements , especially when it 's your first time that far pregnancy . 
  for my first it took me until 19w before first movements even when i had everything pretty much optimally to feel early movements . 
  if you want to try to trigger movements , sugary drinks work but also playing music with strong bass sound , like misty mountains from hobbit or songs from titanic soundtrack , baby can already feel those low vibrations . 
  while uterus is n't big , it 's already stealing room from your other organs so it really seems like you are just getting fat . 
  it 's really funny , while uterus is still way below belly button , atleast my bumb ( 16w1d ) is biggest around belly button . 
  aww , i hope it gets better but with my limited knowledge of twin pregnancies , you get also twin hormones so it 's much more nausea , mental breakdowns , cravings and totally uncalled crying for cute insurance advertisements . 
  those are the best feelings ever !, 
  i hope he calls soon and you get your appointment . 
  mostly i 'm wondering why do they eat food that is causing risks when you can prepare those and eat with no worries . 
  there is some sushi which does n't have raw fish , atleat sushiplace near me has `` mama platter '' that follows restrictions . 
  while it 's not that lovely raw salmon it 's still sushi . 
  same with blue cheece . 
  i love it and i ate it just few hours ago , in pizza where it got boiling hot . 
  also adding it to lasagne and almost everything so i can have taste of that deliciousnesh without guilt .
