thinking before talking . 
  i think most of the unnecessary arguments start with hasty words . 
  we have kind of a same idea with my siblings . 
  last year when first grandchildren was born , we got her a bracelet where we will add first letters of grandchildrens name . 
  our baby erika got her name yesterday and going to give the e for my mom next sunday . 
  when we left the hospital we got told to wait two weeks before going to malls or outside if possible . 
  our baby is now 5 weeks and we have been few times shopping with her and of course last few weeks she has taken her naps in balcony . 
  got to point out that spring has been extremely late in here so it was pretty cold to let her be outside in the beginning of april but now there is lovely 15c and sunshine so no worries anymore . 
  all dreams are coming true . 
  i thinks sansa is the only stark who would have survived alive in kl this long . 
  all others , well maybe except rickon , would have been seeking for revenge and plotting and most likely failing with those plots . 
  sansas tactic is completely opposite . 
  she is n't fighting back , she is just surviving and trying to avoid any more troubles . 
  at her position , it is best she really can do . 
  re-read since translation of dance with the dragons will finally be published in my own language during next summer . 
  i seem to be missing so many small hints while reading in english . 
  also season 1 +2 +3 marathon sounds like a great idea during summer vacations . 
  when i was teenager i was dating this one guy . 
  he had awfully cute and nice friend and somehow we got closer and closer with him . 
  at one point we had the talk and i decided to leave my bf for him . 
  fast forward 8 years , we are married and have small baby girl . 
  they have way too many extra characters with dull storylines . 
  i think show would be much better if they would follow books bit more . 
  sam tsui covering britneys spears `` hold it against me '' . 
  10 times better than original . 
  i met my now husband 2003 while being in relationship with other guy . 
  we started dating few years later so i would propably be amazed that how did that happen . 
  ' 93 , oh noes , someone has infected my future self with boybacters , help !!, 
  it would stretch , dunno about colour fading . 
  source , my sisters had tattoo in tummy and got pregnent . 
  it was funny since the tattoo was constellation and we joked multiple times about universe expanding . 
  my name . 
  2012 , got married and right after that pregnant . 
  got to admit that 2013 seems promising too because our baby girl was born . 
  do n't want to pick it since we never know what will happen and over half year left still . 
  13:36 here in finland , wondering if i should do more laundry today . 
  / r/daddit will be a nice subreddit for you then . 
  bart is such a diva . 
  how often are you forgotted to invite to parties and meetings ? 
  grrm hinted so many things in this episode . 
  i think they do fantastic work with catering book readers too with all these little sentences . 
  bart the bear !, 
  on more serious note , i find jack gleeson nailing joffrey , especially in the newest episode . 
  [ asos ] ( #b `` they better nominate him this year since we wo n't be seeing him after season 4 . '' ), 
  they are doing fantastic job with all the non-pov characters but especially varys and littlefinger . 
  i 'm interested to see who plays arianne martell and also if they will find new actor for tommen . 
  [ asos ] ( #b `` there has been speculation about s04e03-04 so in the early part of season four i guess . 
  i 'm pretty certain we do n't have enough time to have both weddings in this season . '' ), 
  are you happy ? 
  it is absolutely lovely !, 
  :( why not ? 
  could you do something about it ? 
  of course that happened . 
  jon worships old gods , seven is n't his lucky number . 
  if that had been some southener we would have totally different result . 
  as a book reader i do n't want to tell my own opinion since it will spoil who is still alive later so i will gladly join in this train . 
  all hail our king bart first of his name !, 
  no one does this on purpose . 
  try to imagine how your brains work after few months of sleepless nights . 
  our baby wakes up every 2-3 hours to eat and at this point my brain functions are comparable to goldfish . 
  it 's better than letting them suck their thumb . 
  after certain age you can just throw the pacifier away but you really ca n't amputate the thumb . 
  in season 1 she tells catelyn about a black haired baby boy who died . 
  so he + tommen , myrcella and joffrey . 
  completely true but cutting it off would diminish the whole story of dorne and their plotline . 
  if they wo n't tell us about quentyn they will also lose the part of the motivation arianne had when she was trying to make myrcella queen . 
  i think it could work out with alley cat or some other animal there and arya could talk to cat . 
  could you give a source , not that i doubt you but sounds like a story i 'd like to read . 
  if davos can learn to read so can you dear friend . 
  it 's closet where you can just put your dishes and they will dry eventually . 
  here is a sample picture :, 
  pretty much every finnish kitchen has those . 
  agreed . 
  that 's why when we went to buy my wedding ring i chose one with fake diamond . 
  only an expert could tell the difference and my ring cost modest 129 $ . 
  did it live up to your expectations or did you even have any ? 
  song will still have several appearances in the show according to wiki and since it 's kind of a lannister theme song i suspect it will gather all kind of spoilery comments . 
  to be honest , do n't google a thing . 
  if you really want to find something non-spoilery , for example lyrics for that song ask a book-reader friend or someone here , heck even pm me rather than google anything by yourself because the internet is dark and full of spoilers . 
  i 'm really sad for all you non-readers , not because you are still missing awesome book experience but because of the fact that you need to be extremely lucky and cautious to not see any spoilers before the show ends . 
  i 'm not certain how statistics with names are counted in us but are you certain that 's the name they call the kid ? 
  anna khaleesi smith would still count but most people would n't know that precious little anna has bit rarer middle name . 
  i guess i wo n't die at all . 
  after birth has been worst ever . 
  for one week from 17 to 21 i was crying about everything . 
  i 'd panic . 
  i would shout my husband who is in other room to come hug me with our baby girl and then i 'd start to write a message to her so she could have atleast some kind of memory about me . 
  screw you op , someone started to cut onions here . 
  probably ... or was it propably . 
  oh dear those people and priority seats . 
  i was 8 months pregnant but since i 'm pretty tall and thin you did n't really see the bump under winter jacket . 
  i got so many rude looks until i started to open my jacket everytime i sat down in bus . 
  i have read the book 2 or 3 times but honestly my brains just black out in that chapter . 
  i know what happened but i do n't have any recollection of reading it . 
  maybe my poor brains are desperately trying to protect me . 
  that 's actually a very nice catch . 
  yup , absolutely my favourite guy , i also love boltons and wish that no harm will ever come to them . 
  it 's not totally confirmed but here is copy + paste from article and also link but since it contains plenty of spoilers so this part is fine for non-readers . 
  * who 's on death watch ? 
  well , obviously , just about everyone -- although fan reports suggest that martin 's wife , parris , has told him that he 's not allowed to kill off arya .
