  i still play but it 's not second job anymore . 
  try to think forward . 
  for example healthy ways of living are easier to start when it 's just normal maintenance , not when there is 50 extra pounds and sky high blood pressure . 
  if your dream is one in a billion chance , choose security . 
  if you have realistical dream where you can be succesful , go for it . 
  usually yes . 
  you have different kind of problems but if you do n't limit your choices with kids , marriage , mortgage and other stuff , world is open for you . 
  yes , you will never get those years back . 
  same works for every age . 
  you only have on life , live it to it 's fullest . 
  before you have kids , after you have ways to earn money to afford traveling . 
  you can chase it but meanwhile , get realistical plan b. 
  you learn things but there is always new stuff that you just need to fake it . 
  what i would do : sleep , shower , go to do all the groceries for next few days and prepare bigger meal to freeze if same show will continue when baby returns . 
  i hate myself for this but i would propably do laundry and clean dishes atleast . 
  after that , good book , crocheting while watching movie or some kind of videogame where i could just turn my brains off . 
  mine did it until 10 months . 
  she was n't the best sleeper anyway , from 4 to 8 months she woke up every night atleast 3 times , sometimes closer to 10 . 
  breastfeeding was the fastest way to get her back to sleep . 
  mine now 16 month started to sleep full nights at the age of 14 months . 
  it just happened . 
  hopefully yours will start sooner . 
  you are in horrible situation and so are these little girls . 
  do you have access to therapist since i 'm sure you all would need one . 
  just try to remember that you are all grieving still and this is not normal behavior ( and also this is n't normal situation ) and slowly the pain will be something you can live with better . 
  before flight , walk her as much as possible to burn all extra energy so she hopefully is calmer during flight . 
  i 'm 5 ' 9 and 128 lbs , before pregnancy i was 131lbs . 
  i gained 39 lbs and last one was gone 9 months after birth . 
  i think breastfeeding helped a lot . 
  and about hunger , the hunger went away but the thirst , i was so thirsty all the time when baby was draining all the liquids from me . 
  pregnancy . 
  :( waiting for it to happen ruins half of the month . 
  waiting to ovulate , waiting to test , then dissapointment and hating your own body and then starting the waiting again . 
  5 ' 9 but i can tell you magical trick . 
  get yourself hypermobility and suddenly everything fits when you can bend youself to comfortable fetus position . 
  porvoo , finland . 
  somehow you get used to it . 
  same time when she started to sleep full nights we also got her away from our bed . 
  would you like to talk about it here , maybe someone could help ? 
  do you think it is just a phase or has that been problem longer ? 
  those suck . 
  i did the smart thing and left pregnancy test home while we are on vacation until weekend so i wo n't waste those again at dpo 10 . 
  i 'm really really trying to wait for saturday atleast before i test since it 's my last test before i need to buy more . 
  beautifully written and i 'm sorry for your situation . 
  my biggest help was that we had talked with my husband about everything . 
  every little thing i was afraid of , everything i did n't want or did and how i felt about certain things . 
  i could completely trust that he would take care of things if for some reason i could have not speak by myself . 
  it really gave a lot of sense of security . 
  gummibears , i can only eat few and them i 'm feeling ill for the rest of the day . 
  big home . 
  video of little russian toddler getting heroin overdose . 
  happy . 
  loving . 
  dog . 
  so tell me about yourself . 
  i would love to have an optional flair for language . 
  i feel like half of my comments are looked down because there is often grammatical errors and spelling errors . 
  i 'm so fucking sorry english is n't my strongest language . 
  even just native/non native would be enough . 
  also every freaking `` if your state was a colourful snail , what colour would it be '' i understand most people are from us but still , leaves us non-us left out . 
  even just writing state/country would be more polite . 
  there is always someone smarter , better looking and/or richer . 
  freedom to study without fear of big debt . 
  taxes are kinda neat when government helps you when you need help . 
  nope , i rather go to finland , get paid ~ 500 $ every month and only thing you need to pay is books . 
  i have bought one book and i 'm 9 credits away from having my bachelor of engineering . 
  not really . 
  my husband is already working and i know huge amount of his pay check goes straight to taxes and after that everything we buy still has vat . 
  still we rather pay back this way and know there is others who still need support . 
  meanwhile i enjoy the fact that when i need , i can get a doctor without worrying the cost , my kids will go to school without me needing to wonder how to support them . 
  my grandma can get her medicines with discount cause she has payed them until the maximum limit and after that there is something like -90 % sale , sponsored by tax money . 
  thank you !, 
  it just stresses when i see comments like `` if i see spelling errors i automatically judge people to be less than 16 and idiots '', 
  go without them , you can easily find someone to play pen and paper , card games or boardgames with you . 
  we could even have reddit meet up there . 
  and then it will be coronation day !, 
  universal healthcare and education were first in my mind . 
  for my own selfish desires , si-system for clothing , i hate shopping when cloth sizes lie to me . 
  time of freedom aka kid went to sleep . 
  eating good food is awesome . 
  when i was teen , it was awesome . 
  i 'm not 10 but definately strong 8 , maybe even 9 . 
  since i played wow and went to army , i was pretty much surrounded by horny lovesick men . 
  at some point it started to be disturbing when you get too many unwanted messages . 
  my creepy favourite is `` please dump your guy and move in with me , i can buy you kittens ! '', 
  i got ta note at that i have been with my husband for almost 10 years , so all that wow and army time i was in relationship . 
  positive sides : people treat me nicely . 
  i can be fairly certain that i 'm hot so it gives confidence . 
  negatives : the turn from oogling to oh you are not single is kinda dramatic . 
  when guy realizes that he does n't have a chance , some of them turn out to be jerks . 
  another thing is that i need to prove i 'm more than a pretty face , i feel like half of the time when i speak , people do n't really listen to me . 
  ( slowly ), 
  long talk about eu directive which had something to do with potatoes . 
  bm had huge issue with it and we guests just sat there in uncomfortable silence . 
  my baby loved super mario theme at some point . 
  after bleeding stopped , which was 10 weeks minus one day . 
  i do n't think you are unreasonable . 
  me and my husband have n't shared a single photo of our 16 month old in facebook . 
  i do n't agree with their copyrights and we only have few photos of ourselves there . 
  the way we have handled photosharing since there are still people asking for them is our own server .
