  since it was so early , hospital could n't do anything but give me and appointmetn for next day . 
  so whole birthday , i thought i was having a miscarriage . 
  i have never been so happy to be wrong when next day ultrasound showed happy little baby . 
  tl : dr thought i had miscarriage , thought wrong . 
  if you would be playing your life as a rpg , would you spend so much time doing nothing and not trying to progress ? 
  i had a pet fly who i named antenni ( i guess it is antenna in english , not that it matters ) . 
  i was very angry if someone killed flies since i was sure it was antenni . 
  i always checked the corpse and with all grace of 5 year old can have , pronounced the dead fly to be antennis friend , not antenni himself . 
  not likely but i 'd love this . 
  bitter sweet ending . 
  asha greyjoy !, 
  i 'm too old to play arya anyway and asha is badass . 
  `` for babies '' `` not suitable for kids under 3 years '' . 
  this does n't make sense . 
  dog !, 
  my mom always told that we can get a dog after our cat dies , that adorably furry ball hated dogs . 
  the cat lived 23 years . 
  sorry , british accent is way sexier . 
  sleep . 
  i have almost 1 year old kid who refuses to sleep whole night through , good long sleep would be more than welcome . 
  no , seriously not , that cat was my loyal friend and sometimes only one who understand when i was teen . 
  but you do know how they tell that cats live 10-15 years , so i had thought we could get dog when i 'm late teens atleast . 
  well nope , moved out 9 years before she passed away . 
  that 's long life for a cat . 
  ours died just before last christmas , she just fell asleep in my fathers lap and did n't wake up anymore . 
  we all knew it was coming , she had showed signs for few weeks before that and i 'm happy i managed to visit her ( and of course rest of the family ) previous weekend and give her last hugs . 
  she was very sleepy and slow with her moving and kinda did n't care about the rest of the world anymore , not even food while my parents brought her all her favourites . 
  i had my dog with me when we visited and usually either of them had to be locked in other rooms since she had tried to attack him but now she did n't care about the dog either . 
  earlier that day when she died , she had gone out and did n't come back like she usually did after biobreak . 
  my dad went to search her and found her sleeping under pinetree which was uncommon for her during wintertime . 
  he brought her back in and she went to sleep next to the fireplace . 
  at that point my parents agreed that next day they would visit a vet and seek for council . 
  the night she died she asked my father to pick her , usually she had climbed by herself , then she fall asleep and breathing turned slower and finally stop . 
  it was very peaceful and i do n't think she had any pain , not during falling asleep and not weeks before that . 
  edit : damn you , you made me cry again . 
  thank you , i was wondering who that was !, 
  do n't be sorry , you did awesome job . 
  thank you so much for these !, 
  he wrote first few pretty fast . 
  i hope that ados is easy to write for him since now he just needs to end all the storylines , not create any new ones . 
  yes , but i guess most people who can are not americans . 
  no problem , i was military priest in army !, 
  my chance of survival if we go to war is actually bigger if i get drafted than if i stay at home !, 
  very unlikely , her colouring would had made it extremely hard . 
  i think it 's bad white balance in the photo so her forehead is burned . 
  yarn !, 
  i could buy so much yarn if only i 'd have more money . 
  now my stash is something like 10kg or if counting in socks , i could knit approximately 70 pairs of socks for adult male . 
  lovely crafts and your crocheting style is very beautiful !, 
  it and knitting both help me concentrate . 
  i have some issues with focusing in school , especially if it 's a long lecture without interaction . 
  if i do n't craft something i often start to do sudokus , read reddit or something else which will make me unable to concentrate . 
  when i crochet i can listen to teacher without losing focus . 
  take this with grain of salt but i think i saw few years ago somewhere interview with grrm who said that he is n't planning to change ending just because some fans have figured it out . 
  that thought kept me sane while beign pregnant and my usually lovely mil had few outbreaks . 
  years before i met my husband . 
  to give timeline , we had been 7 1/2 years together when our daughter was born . 
  even before pregnancy i was adamant that she is girl and had n't much thought for boys name . 
  aurelia is lovely !, 
  for searching the names you could maybe try other languages , russian , finnish , swedish etc ? 
  top 5 list for finnish names at the moment is for girls : 1 . 
  aada 4 . venla 5 . sofia.for boys : 1 . onni 2 . 
  elias 3 . 
  leo , 4 . 
  oliver 5 . 
  i love the name onni , it means luck , it 's also my granddads name but since it 's so popular here i think we need to skip it if we ever get a boy . 
  having long silent moments together . 
  i can go to a walk with friend and not talk to him for 15minutes and then continue conversation like nothing happened . 
  i always try to see good in people and understand them . 
  also i crochet super cute hugantic plushies !, 
  giving birth was n't that bad , i 'd give birth once a month instead of periods if i could choose ( i have horrible pain during that and often find myself crying in the floor ) . 
  if you are afraid of pain , epidural can be your best friend . 
  after i got it i took a nap , it takes that well pain away . 
  my body has very small marks of pregnancy , mostly my breast but since i 'm still breastfeeding i 'm not sure if it will be permanent change . 
  sex life , well of course you are bit unsure how it will feel after giving birth but gentle lover and bottle of lube will make wonders . 
  also you need to plan more about it , so no spontaneous sex in the middle of the living room during daytime . 
  could be so , i just do n't know many finns who would find silence awkward . 
  congratulations , you 'll have a moving target for all crafts !, 
  how was your weight before pregnancy ? 
  my ob told that if you are thin you propably gain more weight since your body is collecting extra fat for breastfeeding . 
  i gained ~ 40 pounds and lost them all without any extra effort . 
  newborn baby eats approximately 400 kcal/day and if you breastfeed , those are all your calories !, 
  all love to you , i 'm sure you look fabulous !, 
  only from ghosts . 
  the one time we had * intruders * , it was daytime and my husbands surprise bachelor party was about to start . 
  i had left backdoor unlocked so they could come in and husband and dog were napping in bedroom . 
  dog did n't notice anything before bestman said `` boo '' while waving from bedroom door . 
  you may guess that i 'm not counting on that the dog will be any use if i need protection . 
  my newest good friends are from same pregnancy circle . 
  we met in forum , then made facebook group and now we meet atleast once a week irl . 
  after school you can make friends in work and if you have kids , their friends parents could be potential friends for you . 
  in some reality tv-show , the girl first told she is feminist and then : `` i could ' t work with female boss , i have authority issues with women . '', 
  where everyone has realistical chance for happiness and no one has to wake up every morning just thinking how they have to go through another day . 
  poor thing , i guess most of the pregnant females start to feel huge at that point , at least i did . 
  you belly bumps into everything , you are starting to lose the sight of your feets etc. 
  remember you are beautiful and carrying little life with you and mostly all those pounds are ment to help your baby . 
  exactly hour ago i woke up because my dog started to whine he needs to pee . 
  i really wanted to continue sleep so guess i 'd be fine with that . 
  there is huge number of new characters to come with affc and adwd so i think it 's better they are making room for them . 
  greyjoys , more martells etc will need some screentime .
