  it 's of course risk and wo n't help you sleep your nights but you have percentages on your side and most likely will have beautiful baby at november . 
  uti with pregnancy peeing , can you even leave toilet ? 
  hope you 'll feel better soon !, 
  that may affect . 
  with my first one i lived 10minutes from hospital , now it 's even less !, 
  absolutely , have n't been this peaceful for few months . 
  it 's like i can actually breath again . 
  sounds great !, 
  that sucks , i hope medicines will help soon . 
  so not cool . 
  i hope you are feeling better already . 
  uhhuh , being tired is one thing but pregnancy tiredness is way on another level . 
  hope you will get better sleep next night . 
  enjoy your stay !, 
  eat everything !, 
  awesome job maeby , keep on those boxin practises !, 
  bumb may be there sooner than you are ready . 
  mine seems to have growed over night last week and now i 'm pretty obviously pregnant unless i 'm wearing something totally unflattering . 
  i think it 's okay . 
  my 2-year old calls me mom and both my sister and sil mom-aunt . 
  i think her reasoning is that they are mothers too but shes not having clear picture of what is difference between her mom and other kids moms . 
  that 's wonderful !, 
  koopa is great nickname !, 
  note that this is not us but we have doctor at the age of 3 days , then nurse at 2 weeks , 5 weeks and then it starts to slow down . 
  oh damn , it sucks that you need to worry about money just because of your pregnancy . 
  i know it 's scary when symptoms come and go . 
  atleast you have some still left and it 's normal for them to take some time out but when you are afraid of loss , nausea is actually very welcomed . 
  do what you feel most comfortable , i 'd wait to dpo 14 atleast before making any appointments , not to be downer but cancelling those sucks big time . 
  sounds complicated . 
  hope you will get that stuff sorted out . 
  good luck !, 
  since i 'm still at the point where all symptoms are positive things , i 'm going to celebrate with you my first pregnancy fainting !, 
  luckily i was in place where i could just rest a moment and proceed to go to eat to get my brains back working . 
  i got more than couple of those while waiting for my first one , few times just feeling light headed and few times my legs were pretty much swept away and could n't see a thing . 
  they really are n't dangerous since they wo n't happen instantly , more like i start to feel i 'm dizzy and then i have few moments before i really need to get myself to safer position if i feel like falling down so i can keep walking for 50-100 meters if needed . 
  they all happened during second trimester and guess what starts at mothers day ? 
  yep , second trimester !, 
  my heart is with you . 
  i hope everything is fine . 
  finally good moment to use this : as a mother , they really all look like potato . 
  even if they are very cute precious potatoes , they still look like potato for first weeks . 
  wow and first dragon age . 
  same here with my two year old . 
  she is even now at swim hall with her father . 
  more than likely they will go to sauna where she will see naked men again . 
  obviously husband needs to go to male side of lockers and showering department and toddler ca n't be left alone to female side so she goes with him . 
  if she is with me , there is those naked women sitting in sauna and talking to her . 
  it could also be the fact that nudity is mostly issue in us so other nationalities are giving more relaxed outlook . 
  sounds like mine . 
  she looked like adorable grumpy old man with plenty of wrinkles . 
  so certainly cutest thing ever seen by mankind . 
  awesome news !, 
  pretty much . 
  and you have double reason to eat so try to focus on right foods but do n't forget guilty pleasures every now and then . 
  bleeding can be anything from 2 weeks to 10 weeks and even more . 
  atleast here they do n't start to inspect anything unless it goes over 10 weeks . 
  guess who was bleeding 9 weeks and 6 days . 
  i loved almost frozen grapes during my first pregnancy , they were only thing i could eat during worst hours of nausea . 
  that 's one horrible night you had there . 
  are you feeling any better both physically and mentally ? 
  you are lucky , last time i checked savage blood was 95g . 
  i want my gold and i want it now . 
  finland checking in !, 
  good luck and i hope everything is okay . 
  blood , even huge amounts do n't always mean mc . 
  good luck and i hope everything is okay . 
  blood , even huge amounts do n't always mean mc . 
  fantastic news !, 
  and even that connection is small . 
  jokerit , while they did have their home arena in helsinki , seemed to be bit more aimed to include vantaa , while hifk was more purely team for helsinki . 
  issue for toc was that at progression point , you were running it way too many times when 10man and 25man were on separated lock downs . 
  damn , that sucks big time . 
  atleast you know it now and not week before edd . 
  brilliant !!, 
  that 's really hard situation . 
  it makes me sad to read all these maternity leave related problems here while still being on home care leave ( rough translation from hoitovapaa ) for my now 25 month old and getting paid by government for it . 
  you are in my thoughts , i hope it 's just implantion bleed or hormonal bleeding . 
  hello !, 
  finland : we have only 2 ultrasounds normally , one at ~ 12 for nt-scan and one at 20 for anatomy . 
  of course if you need extras , you shall have them , for example my nt-scan was my fourth us and anatomy scan will propably be sixth . 
  we have technically voluntary midwife visits but pretty much 99 % of pregnant women go there . 
  they are completely free and if you go there before certain time , i think it was week 22 , you get our world famous maternity box . 
  you need to start your maternity leave atleast 30 working days before your edd , but you can choose to start earlier , up to 50 days . 
  those extra days are taken from the end of maternity leave but since after that starts parental leave and after that you can still stay at home until kid is 3 years old and receive some support from government , it does n't really matter . 
  not sure if there is any law actually preventing you from working at your maternity leave if you want to stay up to your due date but i think only entrepreneuers ( sorry for certain typos ) do it . 
  no , nothing . 
  3 hours before my water broke i wrote in facebook : `` this baby will never come out voluntarily '' . 
  5 +3 since i started to bleed heavily . 
  normally it 's at week 12 . 
  this is in finnish so i 'll provide translation also . 
  it 's originally performed by pmmp but jenni vartiainen did even better cover about it . 
  pmmp other singer and song writer paula vesala told after years of performing this that it tells about her father who died before she was born/when she was so little that she ca n't remember him . 
  not sure which one was the case . 
  after my mc i really related to these words . 
  [ jenni vartiainen : lautturi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cesgnf-ajw ) and original [ pmmp : lautturi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkv9uq7cdfe ) it 's rought translation and i 'm rather trying to give the idea for you and not just word to word translation :, 
   i 'm waiting here in a tunnel , where cold light glows ,, 
   where dogs of darkness meets that bright choir with howls . 
   everything happened so fast while i thought i 'd slowly perish . 
   i would regret but i do n't know how and even what for . 
   should i mourn half aloud : please take home the one whose journey ended in the middle,
