  if i put myself in your situation , i would propably lecture so so much and give the dog his final chance . 
  maybe the dog got shocked too in situation and now knows what not to do . 
  does he have his own place where he can go away of unwanted situations ? 
  your kid is in age where he will in few months start to grasp more and more consept of what is okay to do and what is not , even if he always wo n't follow those rules . 
  but seriously , if you have doubt that there will be another accident , you have to do what is right for you kid and let the dog go . 
  maybe to your parents or somewhere where you could still visit him ? 
  mine took 9 months after birth to continue in a christmas eve , thanks santa . 
  first few periods were horrible to track , nothing like normal cycle but something like 50 days . 
  but they started few first times very slowly , like the day 1 was more like the last day of bleeding when you are n't sure if you even need pad anymore or not . 
  so i just hope you 'll have the same kind . 
  this is more than likely totally useless advice and not to be considered unless you really want it , but prenancy helped my pms a lot . 
  i 'm not meaning that it kept periods away but after they started again , they have been less painful and i 'm actually normally behaving human beign even during pms . 
  before pregnancy i have been in point of pms that so once found me sitting in a floor crying because i forgot to put one sock to laundry and washing machine was already on when i found that sock . 
  i had same kind of work place . 
  physical work in assembly line and usually new workers were always thinking they should help us poor women to lift heavy stuff and usually our boss thought it was funny to pair us girls with new boys so they would have fast wake up call . 
  also one boss said that usually guys do n't even dare to whine that is tough job when girls half their size are doing the same . 
  things got hilarious because one of my female collegues , let us call her anna happened to be national level weight lifter , mma fighter and hairdresser . 
  with our horrible work clothes , she did n't look muscular , just bit chubby and you only noticed how her hair and nails were done . 
  there was machine to help us with the heaviest objects but it was much slower to use . 
  her male pair used the machine for first object since anna was filling paperwork , then she comes with her long golden hair , straight from blond joke . 
  `` this machine is so hard to use that i really do n't like it , would you mind to step aside so i will just lift these ? '', 
  the face that guy had was awesome . 
  to her sake i got to say , she was n't stupid or simple , she just wanted good laughs . 
  so i thought , but now you can thing that there is atleast one positive thing with pregnancy . 
   good luck with your pms !, 
  yes , i have lost my final sense of style for most of the days . 
  jeans , sweatshirt , ponytail and go !, 
  bfn , do i need to say more . 
  i still got small hope because af has n't visited and test was n't very sensitive . 
  just bad day for negative i guess , husbands birthday , friends baby arrived finally and other friend announced that she got positive so here i am with my negative ... 
  :( poor you . 
  dreams are awful but hopefully it means this cycle will be the cycle . 
  that boob is an awful cheatcode . 
  my husband had to learn how to put baby sleep or comfort her without beign able to use instant win boob and when boob was n't enough anymore , it is me who is in troubles . 
  it took a long time to recover from those issues . 
  of course , it 's also different that i smell like milk and he does n't so i was just being horrible tease when trying to make her sleep without breastfeeding . 
  welcome !, 
  nice to have other second rounders here , hope you 'll have a quick visit !, 
  11 dpo here too and another crazy it seems . 
  i tested yesterday pathetic negative , but atleast it kinda took too high hopes away and now i 'm patiently waiting for friday . 
  yep and it got worse and worse . 
  my due date was first of our baby group and i was green of jealousy when girls who had later dates already got their babies . 
  lo came exactly her due date but damn those last two weeks , i hated the whole world and all the other not anymore pregnant bumpers from our groups since they were technically stealing my turn to have baby . 
  keep the same hour every sunday reserved for books when show ends , you will catch it few months !, 
  if the kamikaze attemps wo n't cause injury that needs doctor , she is free to collect bruises and scratches . 
  of course i will try to soften the hits , catch her if i can and guard her but it 's not always 100 % possible . 
  today we were in park with my 14month old , the slide had 3 steps , it was less than 100cm high and soft sand everywhere . 
  i was almost hoping that she would fall cause i knew it would n't cause anything , propably not even bruise , but it would maybe teach her a lesson about stairs . 
  she is so recless with those that i hate to visit any place with stairs without gates . 
  i think that sansa is already gaining pretty big fandom . 
  of course , looks of sophie turner help but there is much less sansa hating going on now than few years ago . 
  total of 7 days of horror . 
  first 3-4 days are keeping atleast one tampon factory in business , the blood is everywhere and changing tampon is horrible when there seems like non stop bleeding coming . 
  after that there is pretty decent amount for few days and last day is easy . 
  for painwise , i eat ibuprofen like candies and maximum amount of paracetamol during those heavy bleed days and still suffer . 
  i said in another post somewhere that i would rather give birth once a month than have my periods . 
  my labor took 13 hours and first 5 were much easier that period pains . 
  i met crown princess victoria of sweden who where visiting my workplace . 
  she said `` hej '' to me and smiled and i said `` hejsan '' and then she walked to stairs . 
  her husband prince daniel just smiled . 
  it has always been same in my family so i 'm not really worried but thanks for heads up . 
  https://vine.co/v/mjp2kxmpei1 this video atleast gives me idea that she still has the part . 
  mine did that . 
  last trimester i was always awake 02-05 and then fall back to sleep . 
  for first few months kid woke up 02 and up till 05 it was eat , 10min nap , eat , 10min nap ... after that she continued sleeping in few hour cycles . 
  that 's from sweden . 
  sitting in fetal position . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  :( 6 months is a long time for your personal experiment but doctors here usually want you to try whole freaking year if it 's your first one . 
  remember that you are not alone with this . 
  bad . 
  yesteday morning i was excited , grabbed pregnancy test from closet and marched to bathroom ready to see my bfp . 
  before i even managed to open the test , i noticed that af is visiting ... fu af . 
  feeling awful again physically and mentally . 
  my duedate buddy for first kid got her second kid babtisized today , mine is still just a dream . 
  i had zero signs 3 hours before waters broke . 
  i remember it very clearly cause i was upset that the signs were missing , updated it on facebook and went to bed . 
  woke up 3 hours later . 
  welcome !, 
  if you are planning to breastfeed , prepare yourself a nice comfortable corner in your house with reading , pillows , good sight to tv , audiobooks , radio etc. 
  you will be spending a lot of time in that corner so better make it a nice place to be and after first magic from just staring your baby goes by , you will get bored . 
  you just gave me an idea how to reveal pregnancy as soon as i get to that point . 
  this is awesome !, 
  having af is n't exactly the triumph when ttc , well , maybe next time . 
  first time visit for my daughters daycare place today , she will start in august . 
  i 'm so worried for her , she is so small and fragile and my everything . 
  wow player here , first 3-4 months my kid sleeped so much or was just breastfeeding and only thing i could n't do was raids . 
  i 'm so waiting for next expansion but having 1.5 y old propably means that i wo n't have shot for realm first level 100 . 
  sam was hero too and he would definately love some cheetos . 
  please respect your own spoiler scope , stuff you are saying should be tagged . 
  i only had my husband . 
  to me it sounds almost silly to have mother/sister/what ever there if your husband is available . 
  in finland usually there is at max 1 person besides mother and almost always it 's the father . 
  if it 's clear that father wo n't make it , then there might be friend or some other trusted person . 
  but syrio never died on-screen , there is still hope !, 
  book readers are cheering for every nod the writers give to them . 
  for example after battle of blackwater , when cersei visited tyrion she mentioned that she heard they cut his nose off , like in books really happened . 
  are you sure it was n't wind mill ? 
  or story similar to old nans stories . 
  someone could be reading about valyrian prince who died in epic battle .
