  songs : ravine by shade empire , rent by pet shop boys and lumi teki enkelin eteiseen by hector, 
  books : almost anything from robin hobb and george r r martin, 
  foods : cheese , sushi and beefs !, 
  drinks : coke and tea , not the same time, 
  colors : green, 
  hobbies : crocheting , knitting , long walks with dog and world of warcraft, 
  sports/teams : dutch national football team ( finland seems to never qualify so we all need to find other favourites ) . 
  jokerit in khl . 
  subreddits : / r/suomi , / r/showerthoughts and this one ofc . 
  sound like half of my youth hobbies that i did like playing piano and basketball . 
  have you checked [ dragonriders of pern ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dragonriders_of_pern ) , i have n't read them all ( 22 books ) but ones i have , they have had female lead . 
  knowing that these meds are n't exactly safe for pregnancy is huge motivation boost . 
  while they use these in severe cases , it is not optimal thing to do so i 'm very willing to get rid of those . 
  i could really recommend for going if you feel like talking helps you . 
  having someone who you can just spill on everything without need of cencoring , having akward conversations later because of stuff you say or needing to think if this person will meet your so , mil , father or someone else you talk about is really great thing . 
  i think she is and as you said , we should take care of ourselves . 
  i 'm more doing this for my daughter since she has to tolerate me all days long than for myself . 
  sorry for your loss . 
  i have had 3 pregnancies . 
  first one was completely normal and boring one , ending with beautiful girl . 
  second was early loss and third was loss at 19w . 
  it was third one was from the beginning a high risk pregnancy so fear was constant part of that one . 
  you just keep hoping and trying , believing that there will be new two lines , new pregnancy and this time everything will go okay . 
  you do it because even though mc hurts like hell in so many ways , you are more scared of never having that child that you hope for than losing them earlier than you thought . 
  i saw lovely quote somewhere : decision to have a child is decision to let your hearth run outside your body for rest of your life . 
  we decide that we want that child and while we know there can be moment that we lose that child , it could happen right after conception , during labour , right after their 4-year old birthday or at 35 right before our own death , it can happen . 
  after knowing it , we still want to give that child a chance . 
  now the real tww ( or few months ) starts . 
  good luck !, 
  i feel for you . 
  got mine in second kill but then again , it was 100 % drop chance during that time . 
  somehow people do n't like to hear about it . 
  ttc makes whole life feel like limbo when you are living either ot wto or tww and while days are slow , years fly by . 
  it 's so hard when you are trying to plan everything `` what if i 'm pregnant/having baby by then '' and all those plans are useless . 
  you 'll have your baby and as you said you have a job . 
  you can do it . 
  omg !, 
  that 's not even close to super faint , those are clear lines !, 
  good luck missy , have an awesome ride !, 
  that really sucks , had to go through same googling and close to zero information was there . 
  anything from 4 weeks to half year is pretty normal . 
  my doctor promised me that if after 4 months my cycle would still be totally broken i 'd get progesterone . 
  i think you are fine !, 
  good luck !, 
  oh honey , i hope you two get better soon . 
  very rough day , i 'm sorry that it happened to you . 
  two beers wo n't make it or brake it and if they helped you to cope that evening , then they were well deserved . 
  fingers crossed for your tww . 
  fall is lovely !, 
  nights getting darker but evenings are still warm . 
  good luck !!, 
  sounds like great trip !, 
  i 've decided that we are on tww . 
  i feel like we are atleast so i hope i 'm right . 
  i keep smacking myself on the head since i 'm so freaking hopeful and if this cycle fails , it will be drop from very high place . 
  i think i 'm bit early but we are going to buy materials for christmas card prototypes tomorrow !, 
  dpo9 seems to be my breaking point too usually . 
  this time i 'm trying to smack myself everytime i even plan testing before dpo12 since that is pretty much first time i have seen positive in viable pregnancies . 
  in my early mc i saw lines at dpo9 already . 
  hmm , maybe you could trick your body to think you are those chainsmoking heroin user moms with your drugs and instantly get pregnant ? 
  on the better news , you get to start trying 6 days earlier !, 
  clearly twins , line for each one and control line !, 
  good luck with your tww !, 
  maybe try to jinx it and make that phone call ? 
  sounds very good !, 
  first night in row of 4 that i feel like i can survive without energy drinks . 
  i do n't think i have had any withdrawal issues which is nice . 
  i 'm sailing between panicked and not with this tww since i 'm not even exactly sure of what dpo it is but i 'm 99 % certain that i had o last week , dpo should be something between 4 and 7 . 
  i 'm symptom spotting like crazy : i 'm tired as hell ( nothing to do with stopping sleeping pills , right ?? 
  ) , my temp has been quite up , boobs might be bit sore and amount of cervical mucus is excessive . 
  also i 'm already panicking potential edd . 
  it would be in june . 
  my first loss had edd in june , uljas was born in june . 
  new edd for june would be so nerve cracking that i do n't know what i should do . 
  great to read about interview update !, 
  i 'm so sorry for you sleeping , i know it 's rough and being tired makes everything even worse . 
  coming off from my sleep meds and last few nights have been horrible . 
  i hope you 'll have better sleep in next night . 
  i 'd vote for hormones being guilty for you sweats but if you have even slightest doubt , call to your doc . 
  it sucks that you need medications but same time , now you know and you 'll have much better shot to make it next time when you can prepare . 
  i hope he 'll have some idea how to continue your journey . 
  * hugs *, 
   fuck this shit . 
  definitely . 
  i 'm so sorry about everything . 
  this is so unfair . 
  angry and frustarated are absolutely necessary feelings at this point . 
  do you have any timeline for testing and getting results ? 
  go stars , nos some more aligning and you have scored !, 
  i hope to see your confused post in few weeks when you tell that you are actually expecting triplets !, 
  ouch , tough june clubbers unite ? 
  we have fathers day here 8th of november , week before uljas 's edd . 
  i hope so much that i can be pregnant before it but there is n't much time left . 
  ahh , these always start few hours after i go to sleep , dammit . 
  heh , it 's half past 08 am here now so in the middle of your workday would propably be best time . 
  i have only once in my life had cycle longer than this and waiting is killing me . 
  i think we are in tww but i ca n't be 100 % sure . 
  agreed , checking constantly if it 's af but nope . 
  nothing special for distraction just normal life in our household . 
  argh , maybe o , maybe not is the worst for tww .
