  i wish you all the luck in your journey . 
  yes . 
  not for the money but just to get myself focus on something other than staring on the wall . 
  together 10 years , married 3 . 
  we do n't really fight . 
  we argue sometimes but it 's never fighting . 
  we respect each others opinions and are both that type who want to talk about things before they become an issue . 
  do n't understand this wrong , it 's not all bubbles and fairies , we get angry at each other and say stupid things with wrong tone , but they do n't start fights . 
  we can both , say sorry and calm down enough to talk about things like two adults or atleast say that we are way too moody to talk about it yet to get more time to calm down . 
  welcome !, 
  getting pregnant again and again and then losing that pregnancy is so tough , i 'm sorry for your losses . 
  oh no :( i 'm so sorry . 
  zen ttc sounds like utopia . 
  i ca n't handle ttc without full blown opk tests , vitamins etc and counting cycle days and proper sex days and everything . 
  ouch . 
  that 's why i order online . 
  but i think it compares to feeling when you reach `` gold customer '' status at online store that only sells pregnancy and ovulation tests . 
  ttc is way too stresfull . 
  still keeping fingers crossed for you !, 
  anyone else just starting at calender and counting `` if i 'd get pregnant then , x things would happen then '' x being nt-scan/anatomy scan , viability , edd , when last pregnancy went wrong . 
  i just ca n't stop counting those possibilities . 
  oh dear , looking at the timing of mine and your posts , definitely we are not alone with this counting thing . 
  to be honest , i understand them . 
  end of third trimester seems to be designed by nature that you are so uncomfortable all the time that you lose fear towards giving birth and it 's more like `` one way or another , get this thing out '' . 
  my own `` favourite '' is one thing i head while back from pregnant woman . 
  `` i wish i 'd have risk pregnancy too so i could have so many ultrasounds '' . 
  thank god i do n't remember who that woman was anymore , i 'd send her status report of my risk pregnancy and ask if she still wishes one . 
  i did , i would have given 100 % , and every time someone whined about nausea or anything , i was extremely willing to swap but sadly it was n't possible . 
  i know , i had already planned announcement cards for christmas from our first mc , heaven forbid , i had almost ordered them . 
  i think that fits for 99 % of our sub users . 
  i just ca n't stand other peoples happy pregnancies now , planned or not . 
  i keep blocking everyone talking about their pregnancy in facebook except few cases . 
  cry for your grief but you are not horrible human . 
  great to hear that you had good appointment !, 
  thinking of you . 
  what ??? 
  how can anyone talk like that in that kind of context . 
  you were very kind towards that woman , i would propably be facing charges for assault after that . 
  not exactly ttc related but i have been browsing gravestones . 
  how on earth a stone can cost so much ??? 
  atleast i finally found finnish site about how to deal with funerals with so small baby . 
  update : i found out our cemetary has natural stone area , not sure how to explain it better , for those who have been cremated . 
  we went to check it up and it was absolutely beautiful and just what i had wanted from the beginning since huge gravestone felt like it would had been way too big for such a little baby . 
  there was natural rocks with small plaque telling necessary information in a way that it seemed like all rock were put there by mother nature and not by human hand . 
  while it was beautiful , it is also way cheaper , depending of plaque , 50-200 $ . 
  great sex is always great thing !, 
  it is so good to hear that you have hope , i think it 's always a good sign !, 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i hope you find new path to get out from that square , what ever it is . 
  worst case ??? 
  it would be best case if you 'd be at third trimester by then . 
  i seriously hope she jinxed it for you and you can rub it on her face so many times . 
  good luck !, 
  sounds great !, 
  great news !, 
  i hope you have awesome sex today !, 
  good luck there , i always try to wait until it 's late enough to believe that negative is negative without leaving any false hope . 
  sadly i often fail with that waiting . 
  i did something productive today !, 
  ordered package of pregnancy tests and some more preseed to get things started . 
  i 'm going to have that damned baby sooner or later . 
  uhm , if you get bored there , i know brilliant place to continue that nesting . 
  waiting for update , i hope you can make the call and get things rolling . 
  sorry for cd1 , maybe canada will do the trick !, 
  sounds like you have things sorted in your head which is always good . 
  good luck with re !, 
  i 'm trying to jinx it and bought big enough stash that next time i need to order when christmas sales start . 
  envy is common feeling after loss but truly it 's hard to cherish things that you took for granted until those are missing . 
  family , health , money and many other things . 
  damn thats sensitive situation . 
  i think your lonnie solution sounds fine . 
  welcome and sorry for your loss . 
  i hope your stay in this thread will be short . 
  i hope you can get the exact results but atleast good to hear that everything is normal . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  it hurts to compare yourself with others . 
  good for me to say , here i am checking status updates from friend who had exact same due date as my second pregnancy and is now in labour . 
  i do n't know what i would n't give to be there in her place . 
  my toddler talks about same stuff since we had already told her that i was pregnant . 
  today she mentioned it first time after mc and had so hard time to keep calm and not just lose is in front of her . 
  the words she said were worst : `` baby is not moving now ? '', 
  no , no he is n't moving now or never again . 
  current location : finland, 
  how long married : in a week , 3 years . 
  together almost 10 . 
  how long trying : since our first kid was born april 2013 , we never tried to prevent . 
  actively trying from march 2014 . 
  12 cycles now , early mc from cycle 7 and late term 19w at cycle 12 . 
  at the moment waiting for periods to come back after mc so it 's hard to count months/years anymore . 
  how many do we want : we have one and originally wanted 4 . 
  hopeful plan was was two under two , then wait for 4-5 years and another two under two set . 
  now that it wont be even two under three , i 'm trying to adjust my thoughts that 3 kids is enough , i just ca n't be on ttc/pregnant/maternity leave for next 10 years and ignoring career totally . 
  ( finland only ) i 'm celebrating indepence day sixth of december hopefully pregnant and watching ball at presidents castle while knitting christmas gifts in panic . 
  this weeked : nothing . 
  other thing this year : well , since after all my maternity leave is n't starting at september , i 'm starting to look for job . 
  trying to get my weight under control and stop going down . 
  feelings about ttc : at the moment i 'm so afraid of it . 
  we have n't have sex for almost 5 months since right after positive test doctors told us that it is n't permitted for medical reasons and now we need to wait for post partum bleeding to stop . 
  it 's freaking scary to start trying again and month after month get dissapointed . 
  but after all , i know it 's worth it since my daughter is showing it to me everyday .
