  basicly , 4 times out of 5 you wo n't get pregnant during one cycle . 
  i know it hurts to go through cycle from cycle and getting that horrible feeling that something must be wrong but often it is just bad luck . 
  i hope you find safe place in here since being strong intependent woman who does n't need man , baby or anything in her life is hell of a fa\u00e7ade to have and many of us still put that mask on every damn day . 
  personally i have found daily threads very helpful . 
  when you do n't have to make your own post just to write `` still negative opk , boooooring '' it is much easier to post that and get sympathy since in 99 % of cases , someone here has been through exactly the same . 
  thank you for sharing your beautiful daughter with us . 
  she is stunning . 
  ouch , i 'm having same anniversary in few days . 
  i hope you already catched o or atleast will catch it . 
  i 'm so sorry for your loss . 
  there is something calming when you are attending funerals of elder people . 
  while it is sad and we mourn for them , it is the circle of life . 
  good luck for new cycle . 
  good luck !, 
  while not drinking at all during tww is encouraged , as far as i 've been told by doctors it takes until 6w before alcohol can do anything for baby since placenta is n't working before that . 
  not telling you to get black out drunk , but drink or two is totally fine . 
  nothing new but ffs , who has invented toiletpaper decorated with red dots and who is the moron who has brought roll of that into our house ??? 
  almost got heart attack . 
  i count it as warm , it was 28 here last time i checked . 
  yep , bit colder autumn than normally . 
  already considering dragging winter gear from attic . 
  it has already been snowing in northern parts but here is just sun shining all day long . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss . 
  for our first loss , we were able to start again straight away but with our second , it has taken over 3 months to my body get itself back on track . 
  also we needed to take break for almost 2 months for pregnancy hormones to leave so all necessary bloodwork could be taken . 
  good luck for your journey . 
  while internet is full of `` you are most fertile right after mc '' stuff , it is n't always true . 
  personally i had read those and when i did n't get pregnant right away i felt so bad for myself , like i could n't get pregnant even in the most optimal conditions . 
  but that is not the case , it just mostly pure luck if you get pregnant fast again . 
  haha , i 'm pretty used to it , commonly goes few times in winter to -22 f and beyond so 28 is still almost warm !, 
  ** moulin rouge ** -  kallion seurahuone . 
  dpo 3 i think and i 'm so pregnant . 
  feeling bit sick and tired so clearly , i 'm pregnant . 
  now we just need to wait 10 days so i can prove it to whole world . 
  it is annoying when you have reasons to feel how you feel . 
  i mean , my tiredness has nothing to do with sleeping 5-6 hours a night , it is the pregnancy . 
  damn . 
  but i definitely believe that walker was n't your only one and being father for walker has propably made you so much better father who can appreciate his little sister or brother even more . 
  walker will always be your first one , but there will be another ( s ) and you will love them as fiercly as you love walker . 
  maybe when they are here , you 'll look back to this time , all the pain , sorrow , anger and grief and think `` waiting after walker was all worth it '' . 
  because it is and you will have it all . 
  while i do n't want your lift your hopes up for them to get down again , dpo 10 is still very early . 
  congratulation !!!, 
  i try to think that maybe those women are ones that belong to our alumni thread . 
  it usually makes it much easier for me to accept those pregnancies , while i am still bitter as hell . 
  seeing you only have upvotes but answers . 
  sorry for less shiny parts , i hope someone here knows about your issues but i have no idea . 
  good luck !, 
  year ago i was pregnant . 
  half year ago i was pregnant again . 
  i just hope i am pregnant now . 
  meanwhile , went to sushi buffet and it was great . 
  while i have eaten better sushi in other places , sometimes quantity is over quality and all you can eat offer is pretty nice deal . 
  got ta eat my sushis before they are on ban again . 
  i know , i just know i wo n't be able to tolerate myself making even small mistakes concerning pregnancy so i wo n't have reasons to blame myself if something goes wrong . 
  fingers crossed for you !, 
  sounds promising atleast !, 
  ah , i 've been doing that same cloth shopping thing for over a year . 
  after latest loss when i had to return from maternity clothes to normal clothes i decided that i need new ones . 
  still i 'm checking cuts that fit with some bump too . 
  according to my therapist , feeling good is one of the biggest steps towards getting pregnant . 
  i hope it 's true for you !, 
  good morning !, 
  we got to sleep late this time . 
  hope you had fun !, 
  i almost danced a happy dance after af shower up after our losses . 
  finally sign that body is coming back to normal . 
  yesterdays therapist appointment went well . 
  we finally got to talk about darker stuff but mostly focused on my sleeping issues . 
  does anyone know if melatonin is ok during pregnancy ? 
  since i do n't want to start using another sleeping method that i have to quit as soon as i 'm pregnant . 
  i 'm still bit hopeful , i 've had strange feelings and cramping in my lower abdomen and at this point of cycle they ca n't be pms issues yet . 
  let 's stay hopeful !, 
  trigger , living child rant . 
  last night was one of those way too long nights again . 
  got sleep around 02 and 04:30 heard this wailing sound `` mommyyyyy , i peed on my bed '' . 
  well , guess who has to wake up , change kids clothes , drag her to our bed and put her previous bedsheets away to laundry basket . 
  then i finally get back to bed , fall asleep and mere moment later she starts to pretty much strangle me and yelling `` mooooom , tracktor is coming !!! '' . 
  after that we managed to sleep until 08 . 
  i thought so too but therapist was n't sure and promised to ask from doctor . 
  congratulations on starting !, 
  i try to answer but i 'm still going through season 1 so beginner too . 
  * difference is that with payed subscription you get other types of missions like air drop and interval . 
  biggest thing is that you get all missions immediately . 
  with free sub you get first few missions immediately and then you can download new every 6 day . 
  not totally sure was it exactly 6 but pretty close . 
  * when they are telling you to run faster in story , it 's just story element . 
  when zombies are chasing you ( when chase turned on ) there is special sound and at that point they can catch you and lose some supplies . 
  * just game element , not compulsory . 
  * you go to your base and build/upgrade buildings . 
  * do n't know . 
  we cheated and had ours earlier so our daughter was able to participate , even while she did n't know what was happening . 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/dmzygbf ) are the candles for uljas and untamo . 
  orange from grandparents , red from us and blue from their big sister . 
  i asked her to pick as beautiful candle as she could find and honestly , could n't have found better myself . 
  dark blue is so calming and same time it is classical boy colour . 
  we have had other two burning on evenings now that sun gets down earlier . 
  thanks for suggestion but those are n't sold in here . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  those babies in test tubes , they are one of the luckiest babies in world since not a single of them will be born being unwanted .
