  other nations basically declare that german debt payment is suspended + reduced by 90 % . 
  unfortunately while it is approved by 90 + % of germans who bother to vote only 14-15 % do . 
  below the 50 % needed to pass it . 
  also adolf hitler is now well known . 
  eventually by 1933 , under the background of fascism 's rise , the debts are basically ignored . 
  germany has paid about 1/8th of its debts yet are still furious . 
  so under another treaty east europe 's borders are open to revision , but only under an arbitration court . 
  then the allies have enough and say that versailles must not be broken . 
  this of course does n't last . 
  1936 - spanish civil war - german imperialism is again on the rise . 
  spain bombed and invaded by germans and italians on behalf of franco . 
  international brigades on both sides fight . 
  the people suffer . 
  then hitler remilitarizes the rhineland . 
  allies do nothing as they feel guilty for the treaty of versailles . 
  in 1938 hitler annexes austria in the most ridiculous ballot seen in modern europe . 
  also parts of czechoslovakia is taken away . 
  france & britain say that if the czechs protest then they will be responsible for any war . 
  eventually the entirety of czechoslovakia are annexed . 
  finally in 1939 memel was taken by nazi germany . 
  then finally they demand danzig and when the polish refuse germany moves troops into poland . 
  britain and others declare war . 
  world war 2 . 
  johnny foreigner passing judgement on our nation . 
  lovely . 
   interfere with us elections how ? 
  we are saying that as a candidate we will not let him affect the uk , and with what he did to scottish land and development i do not blame the snp for being firebrands on this issue . 
   will just generate protest support `` man , i was going to vote for bernie sanders but , like , trump got banned from england ''  do your farts smell good now politically correct brits ? 
  oh `` political correctness '' the buzz word of buzz words . 
  can you define this word ? 
  actually define it ? 
  or does it just mean everything to the left of mussolini ? 
   this is exactly what he needs just a week before voting kicks off , more attention from voters who are looking for the outsider candidate . 
  how is the uk part of the establishment ? 
  hell , most supporters of this potential ban are the snp and a few labour mps . 
  only a few are part of the scary `` establishment '' . 
   they deemed him a dangerous person and denied him permission to enter the country er ... no they have n't . 
  they were discussing the possibility of banning trump and she stated her views . 
   which is the police 's job and not an mp 's , frankly it could be abuse of power if she tried to interfere quite the contrary , it is the * home secretary 's * job to ban foreigners and she has n't tried to ban anyone . 
  she has said that if she could she would ban trump , even if he became us president . 
   the fact that she is an mp and appears to be against free speech is pathetic . 
  she is against a foreigner spreading hate . 
  that is a proper and right viewpoint , as valid as any other . 
  freedom of speech implies freedom of speech for uk citizens . 
  if trump applies for british citizenship - which would likely disqualify him from the presidency - that is another discussion but as of now he is not a british subject ,, 
   whatever happened to that representative thing mp 's use to be ? 
  that is exactly what she is doing . 
  parliament is not a direct , open democracy and never shall be and rightfully so . 
  the snp mp is making a judgement on the issue and whether right or wrong that is her job , else every vote would be a referendum . 
   you do not represent yourself when voting . 
  you kind of do . 
  mps are elected to lead and make sensible decisions , not to blindly obey constituents . 
  he was the elected president and then was elected by the iranian elder council or whatever to supreme leader . 
  undemocratic but not anti-democratic . 
  how can they do that when assange will not step into court ? 
   dictators can be elected yes but they do not maintain the apparatus of democracy , limited or otherwise . 
   their leadership has all the important powers , including the ability to ban anyone from running in an election . 
  that does not a dictatorship make . 
  the leader is still elected . 
  plus i doubt many would support elections for the `` commissars '' . 
  ehh ... it is n't quite a dictatorship . 
  certainly authoritarian and non-democratic but it is n't a dictatorship either . 
  as i said , if he is innocent then he should prove it . 
   they want him extradited so they can send him off to us where is the proof of this ? 
  and why would n't the us just pay off ecuador if it was so desperate for assange ? 
  literally none of that makes sense . 
   she seduced him , next day throws him a party and plays how much she likes him , and the day after she reports him to police . 
  you cant make this stuff up . 
  indeed you ca n't make it up . 
  but you apparently just managed to . 
  just because someone is an internet celebrity does not make them immune from the law or from the ability to commit heinous crimes . 
  assange has committed a crime and must pay for it . 
   his `` sexual assault '' is punishable by a fine of up to 1000eur then he should pay it . 
  i can not go to foreign countries and ignore their legal definitions , why should he be able to ? 
   because he did not wear a condom because he did not wear a condom * without the woman knowing so * . 
  that is a large difference . 
   and it was not an assault  she told police that she had tried a number of times to reach for a condom but assange had stopped her by holding her arms and pinning her legs . 
   but she told the police that at some stage assange had `` done something '' with the condom that resulted in it becoming ripped , and ejaculated without withdrawing . 
  that is pretty much assault , at the very least it presumably is under swedish law and it is pretty disgusting what he did . 
   worker of ngo headed by former cia employee ok , so her being a * worker * in a company lead by a * former * cia * employee * is enough to disregard the incident ? 
  what a sick little man you are . 
   reported him 2 days after the `` assault '' and 1 day after she threw him a party . 
  that does not mean the crime is invalid or whatever . 
  fuck is wrong with you ? 
   and the only thing that he has to face is a fine of 1000 eur . 
  then he should pay the fucking fine !, 
  if he is innocent then he should take it to court and if he is n't then he should face justice . 
  you do not run away like a coward if you are innocent . 
   so yes british taxpayers fielded 10 million dollar to watch over a guy who has to pay a fine of 1000 eur so ? 
  he is a clear risk . 
  what if he left and assaulted more women ? 
  then he should submit to the proper authorities if he has n't done so . 
   congratulations to uk taxpayers for wasting 10 + million pounds on this witchhunt he committed sexual assault then bailed and jumped to the fucking ecuadorian embassy . 
  of course we should be stopping him from bailing outside europe, 
  as i said , it is an example of what wikileaks can do . 
  it is a clear danger . 
  [ well , here is an example ] ( http://www.anorak.co.uk/267106/politicians/wikileaks-killed-1300-people-and-counting.html/ ) . 
  not directly relate but an example . 
   so i guess you 're the kind of person that would have been against the release of the pentagon papers as well the pentagon papers did n't reveal soldiers and undercover agents etc. 
  did they ?
