i really dislike obama . 
  what they mean is one based in europe/an alternative to the relative monopoly google and facebook have . 
  that is a bloody insane idea considering that it is one of the earliest churches . 
  you are calling catholics backwards now ? 
  well , as a christian i found that pretty distasteful !, 
   the only reason france grew to be so powerful was because they specifically rejected catholicism for their own national identity . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  [ after all , napoleon was crowned by the papacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coronation_of_napoleon_i#the_ceremony ) . 
   that 's the culture i 'm talking about . 
  the culture of a religion you disagree with ? 
  come to think of it , your own president kennedy was a catholic , was he not ? 
   third world part of ireland to northern ireland i mean , i am no expert on ireland but it is n't a third-world area . 
  i have been to morocco . 
  morocco is a third-world area . 
  ireland is not . 
  and no cultures are anti-democratic . 
  someone has played too much civ 5 . 
  certainly some religions are , but that is a separate conversation . 
   because they could n't govern themselves or rather the us wanted a friendly cuba and moar clay and also wanted to contribute to the clusterfuck that was the spanish civil war . 
   it 's nothing for them to be ashamed of , it 's just a fact of life and part of their culture . 
  just as being an arrogant racist is the culture of redditors ? 
  honestly , it would probably be better to provide this and if the father denies to pay then provide state funds . 
  he does not want either . 
  what he is saying is that staying in the single market but technically being outside the eu would be stupid as many regulations would remain - i.e. 
  freedom of movement . 
  how ? 
  [ or not . 
  ] ( http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/ ), 
  that is insane ... the two are completely different . 
  to back someone just because they are `` anti-establishment '' is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard off . 
   a rise of more then 100 in gdp debt % ? 
  while a new round automatisation is around the corner , making the cost/hour more effective for companies and potentially expand more ? 
  and companies often dodge taxation so they may not get as much tax revenue . 
  the difference is that you can generally leave christianity in most of the world but with islam it is usually very difficult . 
  we are proud of the commonwealth more than anything . 
  i think that people identify the empire with the commonwealth . 
  sadly , yes . 
  i am proud of the few good things - i.e. 
  it at least stopped those worse than us from getting to africa - but it was of course a brutal mistake . 
  i assume you are referring to the boer concentration camps which were , yes , abhorrent and as evil as the nazi camps . 
  we should have never done it . 
  i find the entire concept of empire abhorrent . 
  unfortunately it is a part of our history that we have to live with . 
  i think it is best to put it this way : we are proud that we conquered and spread our culture but are shamed by the deaths and destruction . 
  people like to think of the past in the best light . 
   what screwed germany up was stephen tisa who delayed the whole process and thats why austria took an extra 23 days to give the ultimatum . 
  then they still had time to back down . 
  austria started it but germany gave them the means to . 
   they knew there would be an escalation and a devastating war . 
  so did both the germans and austrians who started the war . 
  they knew that russia would get involved , they knew that france would back russia and they knew that invading neutral countries would shift the british onto the entente side . 
   it 's akin to the usa and ussr launching nukes instead of stepping back and cool hostilities in the 60s . 
  its more like russia invading austria in the 60 's and causing nuclear war . 
   but the escalation could been avoided if russia backed down why should they have ? 
   so because they waged war better , they should be penalized ? 
  because they started an imperialist war they should be . 
   ironically the cause of the war was russia , not germany . 
  russia chose to interfere in the austrian-serbian war russia could n't refuse to interfere without the austrians potentially invading another russian-influenced nation . 
  austria were warned to keep out . 
   germany was forced to join and respect its commitment . 
  * its commitment that largely made the war possible !, 
   first of all the prime minister does not represent the people , the mp 's do . 
  the pm represents the government and therefore the nation . 
   if the pm lost his son in a terrorist attack and he says ' i want all terrorist killed as revenge for my son ' that would be roughly the same . 
  no , it is not even remotely the same thing . 
  she is saying that donald trump is putting in place policies that would effectively ban uk lawmakers even . 
   but that does n't make ww1 all germany 's fault . 
  the blank cheque given by the kaiser to the austrians does . 
   even if her constituency would be in favour of it , she does not represent them that is insane . 
  if a terrorist attack occurred and the prime minister said that he would have all terrorists killed if he could he would still represent the country . 
   yet she makes decisions on behalf of herself . 
  how do you know that the people in her constituency were n't in favour of it ? 
  [ in fact almost half of scots want him banned . 
  ] ( http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/scottish-news/scots-want-donald-trump-banned-7196206 ), 
  `` representative '' means `` elected to make decisions * on behalf * of the people '' . 
  the people elected them to lead , not to sit around polling constituents for every vote . 
  is n't that basically the vote grabbing politics that we are all sick of ? 
  democracy may simply be a peoples ' soapbox in your country but in britain it is representative , not direct . 
  i 'll have to take a look at that . 
  we still need to show that these are not western values . 
   punitive dicks it is a lot more nuanced than that and you are buying into a lot of propaganda from the nazis and from the weimar republic . 
  it was not actually punitive - if anything it was too lenient . 
  put yourself in the shoes of raymond poincar\u00e9 , president of france . 
  the germans have invaded your territory , destroyed factories , fields etc. 
  plus your economy is shit now due to masses of french men being killed during the war , one of the highest casualty rates . 
  on the other hand the germans , though losers , still have one of the highest gdps in europe , have n't had much land devastated , at least not in the same level as parts of france , and lost less men as % of population . 
  then once the war is finally over you have the opportunity to limit german expansionism , as germany was the only large part of the central powers remaining ( ah had broken up/was collapsing and ottomans were basically dead/were dead ) . 
  unfortunately the main powers on your side , the uk , usa etc. 
  are all in favour of a mild , meek treaty that disarms germany and puts in reparations , plus repeal of brest-litvosk ( which was actually far worse than versailles ) . 
  on top of that relatively mild treaty the reparations are even planned to be cut after a few years to be even more lenient . 
  but hey , at least you get alsace-lorraine and germany loses some land ( danzig/gdansk mainly ) . 
  woopy do . 
  so then this treaty is presented as the end of the war , a fairly lenient treaty . 
  and the people of france and russia and other devastated nations are shown this . 
  does n't look so punitive now , does it ? 
  oh but it gets worse : in 1921 the germans become angry at the reparations . 
  rather than ask for a change in terms that many in europe would accept they instead hyperinflate their own currency as a form of revenge to lower the debt further . 
  eventually in 1929/30 the great depression begins . 
  the economies of europe are in the drain , especially germany 's who 's economy relied on american and other loans . 
  [ the young plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_plan ) is instituted to reduce german debts .
