   the government can do anything unconstitutional , which i believe the mass surveillance network is that is an entirely separate issue . 
  the issue is whether someone is able to publish dangerous information to the public , not whether mass surveillance is a-ok .  just stamp it as top-secret you realize governments are not just a single entity , right ? 
  there are multiple branches and departments in any government and each government worker will have different ideologies . 
  this means that that situation is unlikely to happen because people disagree . 
  a lot . 
   this is totally different from yelling fire in a theatre . 
  no it is n't . 
  shouting over the internet that x person is actually a spy can get them murdered , tortured etc. 
  it possibly more akin to playing a recording of someone shouting fire while inside a theatre . 
   he did n't spy on anyone , he received information which he published . 
  which was top-secret for a reason . 
   any unbiased judge would throw out the charges immediately . 
  `` unbiased '' does not mean `` batshit-insane libertarian '' . 
   the u.s. just decides to ignore its own laws when they 're inconvenient . 
  every nation does that . 
  every nation has freedom of speech but you can not shout `` fire ! '', 
  in a crowded theatre . 
  plus , the papers being published resist and stop effective foreign policy , which would likely be illegal in the same way that schenck 's anti-draft actions were illegal . 
   if you only get to publish what the government wants you to publish that 's propaganda not news . 
  well , no . 
  it is just that you can not publish documents which openly tell our enemies our secrets . 
   he would n't be extradited to the united states to face treason charges which are ridiculous because he 's not an american citizen . 
  if not for that they could charge him for espionage . 
  and to be honest in many aspects he would deserve it . 
  wikileaks is generally a force for good but has consistently leaked documents putting people at risk . 
   which was basically the creation of a `` dictatorship proletariat '' as a transition means to a socialist/communist state . 
  for a fair amount of bolsheviks the dictatorship * was * the state . 
  they believed in a vanguard party to `` safeguard '' the revolution and thus there would never truly be communism , which requires the abolition of the state . 
  most communists at least used to favour revolution instead of reform thus avoiding transitioning to socialism through democratic means and instead just overthrowing the rich . 
   lenine erm , lenin actually * defied * marx by setting up the russian socialist state . 
  russia was n't very industrialized and power was largely held by nobles , even when the russian republic was in power . 
   iraq probably should n't be a country . 
  those borders were obviously not created by the people who live there . 
  iraq was created by combining areas which had largely been run as one area under the ottomans . 
  plus reagan and others used dogwhistles to appeal to the south , roosevelt had to appeal to southern racists - though did at least try to hire black people in public works projects - and both political parties had very racist histories - the democrats had the rather racist southern factions and the republicans had the lily whites . 
   if that were n't enough , un 's chief ban ki moon recently said that catalonia has no right to self-determination the quote you listed merely means that they do n't recognize it as being non-autonomous . 
  catalonia is semi-autonomous so it is correct but they still have the right to determine their future , just as scotland did here . 
   if the anxieties of the post ww1 german society had been actually addressed by the weimar republic , they actually mostly were but due to nationalist propaganda , outright lies and the republic 's own pro-german propaganda plus the great depression leading to german loans meaning called in the republic became unpopular with some segments . 
  and not even most segments . 
  in the 1933 elections the nazis were basically marching people down to the polling stations , were using crooked methods to force people to vote nsdap etc. 
  but they still could n't get 51 % of the seats . 
  the got around 40 % . 
  one of the main problems with the weimar system is that the chancellor and president could basically rule by decree , declare a state of emergency and define what an emergency is . 
  these were put in due to the fairly unstable weimar system but allowed hitler to have power without officially being elected . 
  hitler actually lost the last presidential election in a landslide . 
  36 % to war-hero hindenburg 's 53 % . 
  when hindenburg died the nazis seized the office of president in an unconstitutional power grab . 
  so no , they took the german public for a spin without even getting the support of the majority . 
   if germans had not been made to feel through propaganda that their suffering was in fact just cause to conquer the world i would really like to know what their suffering actually was . 
  if you are referring to versailles then it should be noted that what most people see as an unfair treaty actually was n't . 
  germany was one of the largest countries in europe , still had a large gdp and had little damage to its cities . 
  a lot of the `` unfairness '' of it is weimar-era propaganda put out to make foreign countries drop the restrictions . 
   hitler would 've been a crazy austrian guy ranting in beer halls and nothing more . 
  anti-jewish rhetoric was very common in the weimar republic . 
   so that leaders can get a fucking clue about responding to the average person 's fears that their society as currently is , ... what ? 
  you want them to read mein kampf , a book about hitler 's politics and personal life , so that they know how to respond to crises ? 
  do you want tanks rolling through poland as a response to immigration ? 
   and it 's radicalism that turned regular people into nazis . 
  it was the barrel of a gun and threats from a paramilitary that turned people into nazis . 
  his civilians . 
  repression was there . 
  yes but it at least is n't a mass murdering dictatorship . 
  that is a false choice . 
  somaliland works at least relatively well as a democratic government , even if heavily flawed . 
   idealism gets you nowhere . 
  leaving gaddafi in charge was * not * pragmatic . 
  i mean , we see all this chaos now but it would have basically been inevitable . 
  after he died then libya would have collapsed anyway . 
  but of course lets let good people be butchered by a mad dictator because stability . 
  sorry , i was trying to explain it in words he would understand . 
  what i meant in english is `` the irish legislature voted to limit gun rights '' . 
   united nations which inspected irak and told us that there are basically no wmd 's . 
  that would have been nice . 
  because the un has a great record of getting shit done . 
   no russia should n't have free reign over the baltics or eastern europe , if they even want that . 
  you realize that nato is the only thing stopping that right ? 
  that is why most of eastern europe likes it ...  strong arm countries which ones ? 
  most countries were largely in favor of it at the time . 
  ... proved to be wrong years later ... so we should disassemble nato and basically give russia free reign over the baltics and east europe because of a single war which deposed a brutal dictator ? 
  nato did n't go to war . 
  the irish voted to take away their freedom . 
  you realize that these are literal terrorists , right ? 
  this . 
  if you want secularism promote that , if you want to repress religion then be honest . 
  ireland does n't have a gun amendment . 
  it has a few guns but they are controlled . 
  what kind of right do you have to say that shite ? 
  they are n't . 
  the us even armed the tibetans against the chinese in the 50-60 's . 
  that goes for most western nations unfortunately . 
  i do not mean that the natives were angels - most were brutal - but the evils committed - i.e. 
  trail of tears - can not be denied . 
  what i meant was that the settlers were from britain - and other places - living in america - colonialists . 
  i am a moderate politically but this is just straight up wrong . 
  certainly * some * elements are the same but there is also much in common between conservatism and fascism , for example . 
  when fascism becomes a general word for `` people who are dicks '' then real fascists get the opportunity again , i.e. 
  they were massacred due to american settlers greed , perhaps you could make an exception in s. america but in the north it largely was n't due to religion . 
  turkey buys oil from isis . 
  i think they should at least have to deal with a bunch of whiners . 
  who cares if they do ?
