  and i heard that language family was considered to be one of the most difficult to learn ( grammatically ) within all languages that use latin alphabets . 
  your comment is sort of the equivalent of offending someone and then going `` but no offense '' . 
   only a fool would sit angrily instead of trying to get the best from the situation who says being angry and showing zero tolerance is not the way for the rest of the eu to get the best of the situation ? 
  long protests seem due , a lot could go to shit if the eu does just take this and changes their own tone to a cooperative one . 
  england asked and england will receive . 
  fwiw , at least in germany the way it was portrayed for scotland was that you were the powerless poor guys that could only watch . 
  ironically , of course that counts to some extent for everyone that is against the brexit . 
   the entire thing 's a perfect storm of misinformation and politicians ' agendas . 
  it feels a bit like when megamind finally succeeds and does not believe it himself . 
  `` wait , it worked ? 
  i think everyone has sympathy with the scots , though . 
  genuine question : do you feel blamed ? 
  it must be depressing from your perspective already . 
  i have heard ... this could sound ridiculous ... that turkish and finnish share a few same roots or something ? 
  our language belongs to the funny category of languages , too , but [ it 's the mickey mouse kind ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amlaqndem-c ) rather than the elf kind . 
  why , it almost sound like that idea would scare you now . 
  man , if you are offended by my tone now , i wonder what kind of reactions my other comments will cause . 
  i am not trying to jump at your throat . 
  i am just saying that we will blame you almost as much as the other 50 % . 
  another brit said something interesting . 
  you guys will be the guilty faces of this no matter what . 
  the eu could rejuvenate and proof to the world the error in the uk 's ways - every brit would be blamed and pointed out that we told them so . 
  eu goes to ruins and lights up in flames ? 
  it 's your fault . 
  maybe this can help ? 
  i do n't mean to come off as an ass to you , i am merely trying to say that you will be blamed . 
  by everyone . 
  yes , * you * , not just your country . 
  and if you play the victim , can you begin to understand how the scots would feel ? 
  at least you guys had a chance to be heard . 
  no , there will be no sympathies . 
  no matter how close this was . 
  that line of thinking would excuse any political decision out there and is backwards . 
  a lot of that is just not possible anymore . 
  a lot of your points are why the brexit passed to begin with . 
  they are populism . 
  those ships have sailed . 
  the eu is a very efficient way to have entry to the free market . 
  this can not be emulated in the future . 
  your country collectively did not realize that it 's not only about how much you contribute , but about how much you get out of it in return . 
  i really wonder if you expect that form of populism to work ( if we compare uk to all other countries ( except x ) , then ) / ( but we chipped in the most ) or if you are a victim of it yourself . 
  `` net contribution '' , are you really comparing your net ( ! ), 
  contribution to that of romania now ? 
  when i read comments like yours , i realize that the brexit was a decade coming , inevitable and probably for the best . 
  i do n't share your optimism for `` terms along friendly cooperative lines '' , though . 
  we have been telling you before the vote that 's not possible . 
  we were telling you it 's not because we would n't want to . 
  we were telling you because it literally will not be possible . 
  i mean ... maybe watch the segment of john oliver to see how fucked up this is from the other perspective ? 
  he uses almost as much populism as the narrative was in your country or in your comment . 
  maybe opposite forms of populism can cancel each other out . 
  does `` var '' mean `` exists '' / `` there is '' / `` they have '' ? 
  i have been told i should be able to understand some finnish , but i am not really buying that . 
  unlike with the uk , who were known to notoriously block stuff to an extent that it is representative to the way their country does politics , with scandinavia it is a two-way-street . 
  there is a middle to be found . 
  there always was . 
  actually , yeah you are right . 
  you guys would literally have to solve world poverty and world hunger and solve all your domestic problems , be a rich and properous state for us not to turn every stone in search of another thing we can throw at your faces now . 
  i never thought of it that way , but yes that will absolutely happen . 
  the only thing that would avoid this is if the eu was going up in flames now and this turned out to be the best decision for the uk ever . 
  but we all know not much good will come from this . 
   there is potential for a mutually beneficial deal it 's really not that simple anymore . 
  just like britain will not just leave the free market ? 
  or how they were n't going to vote for brexit ? 
   if spain chooses to kick out these 700,000 and make it more difficult for the 12m tourists to visit , it would cost spain a lot of money . 
  no no no no , *** no , no no !, 
  *** , you guys chose . 
  not spain . 
  you did . 
  what the fucking fuck ? 
  we have been telling you all along that leaving the eu has consequences . 
  how can you not understand that there is this thing called law and those 700k people now have no fucking permit to stay ? 
  like , are you for real ? 
  you ca n't turn this one around . 
  you guys created a fucking mess , own up to it . 
  shit 's always more complicated then you make it out to be . 
  if suddenly tourism of england falls away , you have a whole lot of empty hotel rooms . 
  it would be a huge decline but other tourists can fill the gap . 
  because those flights i try to book are still available . 
  because the hotel rooms are 15 % cheaper in spain now , and thus making it a better location for me to visit than croatia . 
  seriously , i understand that not everyone votes leave - but get a grip . 
  it 's not just you . 
  but you guys are like the face printed on the `` blocking '' coin . 
  what you are saying is actually the big problem . 
  you had a lot of pull in the eu . 
  i mean you did n't , but you could have . 
  but you always stirred shit up . 
  it 's a way that british politics are different from other politics . 
  there is so much fucking hyperbole , so much populism . 
  each party has to shoot for the extremes and then people have to find shit in the middle . 
  it 's all a giant fucking barter . 
  it 's far worse to be the party that stirs shit up . 
  those other countries sitting back ? 
  they would not have lead a blocking crusade . 
   it is more likely now that the eu will move closer together since the blocking element is leaving . 
  you are saying it 's not just you , but with the precedent you set now , eu * will * move closer - and if others no longer sit back and start being the `` bad '' boys themselves now , the narrative will quickly move to `` if you do n't like it , why do n't you just leave , too ? '', 
  rhetoric . 
  it 's no longer blasphemy to propose that . 
  i think if we can move on from the uk leaving , we can also move on from finland leaving . 
  that being said , i do n't believe you guys meant to actually leave the eu yourselves .
