  it 's just the stupid way you guys do politics and it backfired . 
   perhaps in the future that had me laugh a bit . 
  thanks . 
  no , not the case at all , to be honest . 
  it 's pretty fucked up and people have reason to feel fucked up . 
  and i am saying this being the one handed the british middle finger in germany . 
  i ca n't imagine how it must have felt being of the people who voted no in britain and are * forced * to hand out that middle finger . 
  i think anyone applying your rhetoric is absolutely delusional . 
  i do n't think there is much available to begin with for you or us to make most of it . 
  and i believe everyone is aware of how stupid this is and how there is no white-washing this . 
  not useful for the uk you surely mean ? 
  i find it very useful for the rest of the eu to be on the same page on this one . 
  dude , sorry , but woodshed it will be . 
  it will be tit-for-tat , you raise one tax we raise another . 
  the thing * you * need to keep in mind is where this all started from . 
  and be a bit more humble , what started this is an `` i do n't give a bloody shit attitude '' that half your electorate applied . 
   is it not better to see the uk and eu both do better yes - one more time for you - that is why we have this thing called eu and single market that you used to be a part of . 
  leaving the eu is akin to saying `` we do n't care about the mutual benefit anymore , so we will revert everything so it benefits us again . 
  us us us ! '', 
  what people are saying is , that the eu will * then * - as a consequence - do everything in their power to retaliate . 
  you raise one tax we raise another . 
  the thing is , you will * have to * raise a tax or two , this is unavoidable . 
  *** you lost a shit-ton of privileges and responsibilities *** . 
  what you will suffer is * consequences * . 
  it 's inevitable and your people failed to realize where that poll is going to ( inevitably ) right now . 
  it was populism as its finest and you guys ( and the rest of the eu too to some extent ) will pay a hefty fine for this the next decade . 
  the idealism you are trying to apply , you need to see the hypocrisy in your question . 
  it 's too late . 
  shit has been screwed up tremendously . 
  it 's not even new coming from the uk , we all felt it was almost due now , was n't it ? 
  that is done , gone bye bye . 
  the uk can not revert this anymore . 
  the uk coming back to the eu is practically unfeasible . 
  so what ? 
  tough luck . 
  think of it as a game and you guys should have played better . 
  the other 50 % won . 
  no , that does not work this time . 
  that is literally not how referendums work . 
  it 's absolutely adequate to say that the people of britain no longer wanted that deal . 
  there is no `` but i did not know this was a final decision ! '', 
  own up to it . 
  yes , / u/leya404 is not personally responsible . 
  but nobody was saying that . 
  alright france . 
  germany had a vote and we decided to move in together . 
  you think just like trump . 
  who is stronger/weaker , and who will suffer the most . 
  who will win , who will lose . 
  my comment made no statements about that . 
  good luck , usa . 
  people like you seem quite sure about themselves . 
  it 's hilarious that you would think that a country like * germany * has the most to lose from trump going full retard . 
  i am sure at least 15-25 % of the americans are not , though . 
  i am just hoping it 's not ( much ) more than that . 
  you are assuming president elect trump will no longer be president in 20 or so years . 
  yes , we will all drive fords now . 
  if we germans are one thing it 's being consequent to an extent some might say we are stubborn . 
  incompetent is 100 % too harsh . 
  but with the political developments being as they are , they are struggling to find a good agenda right now . 
  in times like these , people mostly care about the emotional topics out there . 
  i have a lot of sympathy for die gruene . 
  i just think that this is not their time to shine right now . 
  they can try to prove me wrong , but they seem to struggle proving most people wrong with how things are turning out right now globally . 
   gabriel is a choice i might be able to live with . 
  yes , i have come to that conclusion , too . 
  but for one thing , i do n't hate merkel ( i get why people are mad at her , though and they probably should be ) . 
  you do n't have to . 
  but macroscopically it makes it practically impossible that history repeats itself in germany exactly as it would . 
  heck , there is a small chance that de-nazification in germany could be solely responsible for the alt-right movement coming to a stop in parts of europe ( the movement is global after all ) . 
  that would be pretty impressive for something that i agree should not get you sad or depressed . 
  but i hope you remain vigilant and cautious when it comes to hating other minorities , as most germans are . 
  the spd had and has a personnel problem . 
  say the caricature of us elections is the movie idiocracy , we germans have boring guys in suits running for presidency . 
  the spd did not have a competent , charismatic and qualified politician since schroeder . 
  on top of that , merkel started to make some quite left policies . 
  spd lost a lot of voters to the left party at first and later on even to the cdu . 
  a lot of new parties established themselves in germany , such as the left party , the afd , at times the pirates . 
  cdu and the greens remained relatively strong , but the new voters for the new parties had to come from somewhere . 
  fdp temporarily died and the spd is no longer one of the two giant parties anymore . 
  this time around , the greens are panicking and it seems the liberals ( fdp ) are being resurrected . 
  my personal opinion is that the deciding factor of this election are the undecided voters between cdu and friends vs. afd . 
  shit , too lazy to verify , but seems legit . 
  as someone that despised him for mere incompetency 3-5 years ago , he has come a long way . 
  i mean , they already do . 
  spd lost a lot of its voter base in the last 6 or so years . 
  i would say they ca n't lose much more and are already fighting to retain their relevancy . 
  this cycle will show how many disgruntled conservatives among cdu etc. 
  will follow the current right movements ( afd etc ) . 
   though i never have and very probably never will even vote for her ... might be a first for me this time around :( i think we will have to vote very * german * . 
  a boring vote might need to be cast this time unless we want to push some afd agenda . 
  looks like we will have ~ ~ 6 ~ ~ technically 7 parties . 
  gabriel is starting to turn into somewhat a competent politician , something i would not have thought 5 or so years ago . 
  man , if trump gets relations with germany cold , then they will end up burning every bridge they still have . 
  we germans are very irritable when it comes to statements like that . 
  and we do n't forgive those things for decades . 
  we do n't even forgive ourselves . 
  honest question : what does t_d say about this ? 
  a bit less than half of the turks probably would . 
  there are often more than just financial reasons to leave your country behind .
