  thanks for your contribution , i 'll grant you that being `` afraid '' is probably not precise enough . 
  but i disagree with `` almost all people that you 've talked to about it '' , and with johannes rau . 
  he is outright saying that a parent can not be proud of a child ( unless we now dwell towards technicalities ) . 
  i 'd call his post non-sensical even . 
  i can take pride in what someone else did who i identify with or whom i love . 
  unlike gustav heinemann , i do love germany . 
  it gave me more than my family is currently giving me ( ex muslim migrant here ) . 
  i also love my wife . 
  and it 's a different love . 
  i stand my point man . 
  what you are quoting is a post wwii phenomenon quite exclusive to germany . 
  we do n't see it in france , we do n't see it in poland . 
  we do n't see it in america . 
  and i do find that sad . 
  weak . 
  oppressed . 
  artificial . 
  afraid . 
  any intercultural german i talked with , whether he is us-german or turkish-german or any military favoring german agreed with me , since we are cramming out anecdotes now . 
   supporting a team in a sporting competition is , at least in my opinion , rather different to being proud to be a certain nationality . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'd say patriotism , pride and having people that are not * at all * interested in soccer going to the streets , painting themselves in german colors , being naked and wearing nothing but a german flag is very much pride of belonging to a nation . 
   ultimately , nationalism mostly boils down to wanting to be part of something , to have a sense of belonging . 
  and you do n't find the similarity in that ? 
   i still feel it 's kind of dumb . 
  you do n't have to insult it , even if you do n't have empathy . 
  nobody is asking for sympathy either . 
   that 's a lie . 
  why keep calling it dumb and then apologizing for it ? 
   if only our states would understand this . 
  sorry i misread / u/g _ fucking_g . 
  i agree with you . 
  i was meaning to say that the states are wishing to ban npd but history taught us that it will only make things worse . 
  yes , people here believe that . 
  there is even some truth to that . 
  for 2-3 generations , we have been raised indoctrinated . 
  but as often , it 's not germany being one entity and that we are all circle jerking with our bio food and electric cars . 
  it 's mostly a matter of law , why things are . 
  those are issues , places like the usa ( maybe even uk ) , due to geography alone , never had to face on the scale the rest of europe did . 
  germany , in particular has been historically surrounded by powerful nations . 
  we do n't want to show the world how un-nazi we are , but a big portion of germany actually is by now . 
  but i 'd find your comment to be very fair , maybe a bit too simplistic . 
  i am sure he means this could very well be a chart song that people dance to in the clubs . 
  if only they did not have a point . 
  why not ? 
  this is one of the biggest points that hitler managed to exploit . 
  because after ww1 the german/austrian movement was oppressed . 
  if anything , we should have learned by now that a democratic and political movement for uniting two states into a federal republic should certainly not be oppressed . 
  that 's how trump-esque propaganda can turn to a world war . 
  ** edit ** mixed up austrian with australian in a flurry of trying to respond to too many comments, 
  it does not help things that journalism in germany completely dropped the ball . 
  of course it 's hyperbole , pragmatism , populism and contradictory what the right wing does . 
  then again , if only they did not have any legitimate point . 
  why is the fucking `` elite '' trying to filter information because they believe the people is not ready to hear about it ? 
  that only gives them food on the tables and is the only reason why those parties can really exist . 
  yes this is kind of hypocritical on my part , but the whole click-bait bullshit and pc agenda have to stop . 
  ~ ~ if only our states would understand this . ~ ~, 
  have you been immersed in that sort of pride , before , though ? 
  you really do n't warm up at all when germany won the soccer championship and everyone in this fucking country was happy , dancing and showered in german flags ? 
  i found that rather warming . 
  also , if you deprive an entire people of this feeling , you 're only going to end up with more of the right wing bullshit . 
  the video is not about encouraging the migrant crisis . 
  it 's about telling a very tiny but highly vocal minority that go to the streets , break the law and yell `` we are the people ! '', 
  that they are , indeed , * not * the people . 
  a lot of us have had it up to here with merkel and how immigration and refugees are handled these days . 
  i have people in my family that live in germany for more than 40 years and that can not form a single correct sentence in german . 
   you want to say that western civilization ( human rights , equality . . etc ) is better ? 
  than just say it . 
  the video is * really * not about that . 
  it 's to tell the right wing that would attack refugee camps in germany 200 times in the last 6-18 months with grenades and such that they can not claim to be representative for german culture . 
  no more no less . 
   this video also poses as hard hitting when actually it 's completely pc . 
  the stance of the video is very representative for political correctness . 
  but the video in itself is not `` pc '' . 
  it 's not saying islam is good . 
  it 's not saying we should take in more refugees . 
  it 's not apologetic . 
  this video is not acting like germany is superior in a non-satirical way . 
   it 's a well known fact that germans are shamed against patriotism . 
  so the position in this video is pretty basic coming from a german , or even from most western european perspectives . 
  and this video acts like that 's a good thing ( ... ) i agree  ( ... ) and others should be more like germany in that regard . 
  you are * entirely * projecting on this one . 
  no wonder we are too ashamed to call us proud . 
   my point is that it 's ironic how they shit on patriotism they are not shitting on patriotism , they are actually quite patriotic in this video . 
  if anything they recognize germans have a difficulty expressing pride and patriotism . 
  i find your points to be fair , but if you had that `` superiority '' feeling or the feeling of `` others should be like us '' then that is merely the satire part . 
  the right wing does have the `` superiority '' complex , and that is what the rest is actually mocking . 
  it is a lot more important to give explanation if you * disagree * with a person in a direct reply . 
  if we all did , what / u/lalombo did - and my critique was lining out how it is a pattern with him - then we would have an infinite loop of `` i agree '' and `` i do n't agree '' . 
  if he believes that my comment did not add to the discussion or is going against reddiquette , then i invite him to downvote the post . 
  if he feels the need to disagree with my post , i invite him to explain himself . 
  as it stands , i added to the discussion - even if it is a low effort post , which is highly unusual for me - but he did not * at all * add to the discussion and he keeps failing to do so . 
  thanks for your reply , you do make a point and are ready to ask me why or even to downvote my op . 
  but do n't pretend there is no difference between my comment and / u/lalombo 's comment . 
  please revisit reddiquette . 
  if you say `` i do n't '' , then you are not adding to the discussion and are supposed to be downvoted . 
  the reddiquette gives your replies as actual examples of * what not to do * . 
  when i said that  i disagree with that `` contribution '' it was in a reply to someone that wrote * whoosh * , when it made no sense whatsoever ( which is why his post was downvoted ) . 
  i will not explain the difference to you . 
  please just revisit reddiquette .
