  `` perverts in slippers '' i have no respect for your ignorance / u/dresyeew . 
  you should not argue with people if you have no clue what you are talking about . 
  i have more respect for the right wing in germany . 
  at least they have actual reasons to argue and to be upset . 
  you are just here to argue because you feel superior . 
  people like you are the essence of the political correctness debacle that we have . 
  who said i was ? 
  you should try to be more * mindful * . 
  which means less certain of yourself . 
  nobody in germany misses the point and you are just preaching non-sense right now . 
  literally nobody here misses the point . 
  it 's the same message many news papers try to convey currently , including . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/netzwelt/web/rechtspopulismus-im-netz-opferkult-nach-troll-art-kolumne-a-1061024.html http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/rechtsruck-in-deutschland-welches-volk-kolumne-a-1079825.html you actually know shit , we all know you know shit , you even agree you know shit but your arrogance dictates that * to you * it is `` clearly '' something else . 
  try to use more than 1-3 words in your replies . 
  your reddit profile looks - as you would put it - `` pathetic . '', 
  maybe [ that will help ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk7ebjuuu5g ) ? 
  credit goes to atmo.se they made this read my lips series with a hilarious tony blair + bush duet . 
  actually , in germany it is kind of the opposite . 
  when i grew up their were polls with people being asked `` are you proud to be a german ? '', 
  and a shocking majority used to say no . 
  germans are afraid to be proud because of denazification . 
  actually this line is sort of acknowledging that , while pretty much disarming the right wing passively . 
  i do n't agree with `` not being proud '' - i am one of the few that is sad that germans can not show pride of citizenship without it escalating . 
  but oh well . 
  my whole family and all my close friends converted to hunted meat or being vegetarian . 
  it feels almost like a cult . 
  as a proud german , i disagree . 
  and i 'll outright claim that you do n't know shit . 
  wait until we manage to prohibit the npd and have their 5200 members spread to afd . 
  ich approve of this message . 
  as a migrant whose family is living in germany for more than 40 years , now . 
  if your family has been living in the 70s and you have not learned the german language , yet , after more than 40 years - yes you deserve to be deported . 
  they `` all '' drink alcohol , though . 
  in german school we had been taught that the muslim conquerors from back in the days were actually very tolerant towards the people they conquered . 
  as long as they payed the taxes and followed their rules , they were allegedly allowed to practice their religion however they felt like . 
  ** edit ** and every muslim will be glad to tell you about how * back then * pigs were actually causing soldiers to die because of how pigs ate everything including their own shit . 
  you are both wrong . 
  he is thinking of alg1 . 
  i am as far from religious as i now could be and i 'd consider this destroying * history * and not sacrilege . 
  far worse , considering how limited history is . 
  while his suggestion was absurd and not the case in like a decade or even decades , we should say that in many places the `` yellow square '' smoking areas are not enforced ( in some other places they are fined ) . 
  nobody ever smokes in the trains , though unless it 's really late , week-end , carnival and people are very drunk everywhere . 
   you really dont need a smoker compartment in a regional train and yet many even have it . 
  not in germany , lol . 
  well , technically any process is process , right ? 
  there has been a very popular hashtag or something the last days with females that tweet about being touched or photographed under their skirts . 
  the deutsche bahn personell apparently said something which i 'd translate like `` boys will be boys '' in one of the tweets . 
  if the world was a game of civilization , then you would not be * neutral * in a strict sense , though . 
  if you considered the roles of nato/eu vs. finland vs. russia , then you would be one party and russia the opposing party while nato/eu is the neutral one . 
  i am saying : what if nato is the neutral entity and actually responsible that there is no conflict between the two non-neutral entities ? 
  between finland and russia there is a geographic conflict of interest . 
  there has been and there currently still seems to be . 
  in civ terms , they covet your lands . 
  now shit is really complicated and i honestly believe how you guys are proceeding is currently doing the best thing for your country . 
  it has a decent track record . 
  but things should be open for discussion , there is a chance nato 's role will change with the new us president-elect . 
  if a country gets vengeful , we might let * them * and not denounce them for it . 
  however , draw the parallel with nato . 
  what does france having done air strikes against isil in syria have to do with their role in nato ? 
  an eu army would only be used for * defensive * purposes . 
  something like using it to aid a british or us cause would only be possible with additional treaties , forming an alliance . 
  as the germany army can not be used for any purpose inside germany ( due to legal restrictions ) similar things would apply to an eu army . 
  i do n't think it really matters . 
  finland has a population of less than 6m . 
  even if 100 % of finnish would be * willing * to defend , you would have to compare that to ~ 15m germans at 18 % . 
  while the heart of the finnish people has to be commended , something has to be said about population density and especially the fact that it is far more likely that germans and swedes would have to aid finland than the other way around . 
  and it 's not all about willingness to fight . 
  firstly , in a state of emergency , the people might have to fight whether it wants to or not . 
  secondly , those that are not liking the idea to arm themselves up and to fight and risk their lives , they might still be willing to make a lot of economical sacrifices to make sure those willing to fight are as effective as possible . 
   makes him even worse in my opinion . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i * hate * populism and pragmatists . 
  except ... we can argue similar things to hillary ( #whichhillary ) . 
  i do n't mean to compare just how pragmatist trump is vs. clinton , but i am just going to say that the lies and the populism somewhat cancel each other out . 
  we will soon find out , just how pragmatist trump was . 
  i think he does not * need * to deny the climate change anymore ( whereas it used to serve a purpose ) - however i agree it will certainly not be a focus of his as he deems it irrelevant for him and his children . 
  in case you were not joking but * are * a joke : many that live deserve death . 
  and some that die deserve life . 
  can you give it to them ? 
  then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement . 
   to suggest that is a new , dangerous level or arrogance . 
   either that or an irresponsible idiot . 
  you do not see the irony in your response ? 
  while trump is not a good person , our german media and spon has a huge boner for painting a picture of trump that is taken out of context . 
  his mexican comment was very bad . 
  but it was made far worse by how it was portrayed . 
  do n't get me wrong , but our media is * very * , * very * biased . 
  no , i am not a fl\u00fcchtlingsheimbomber and i am not scared of black people , as a matter of fact i am an integrated migrant living in germany . 
  i am just * chilling the fuck down * . 
  not everyone that voted for trump is a racist , bigot or `` white supremacists '' . 
  to suggest that is a new , dangerous level or arrogance . 
  why is it not good ? 
  they are testing the waters . 
  those incursions are not a part of conquest . 
  they are to find out and analyze how the other powers of the world will react . 
  that way , they will be able to do more informed decisions in the future . 
   what happens if they retract their guarantees ? 
  what happens if they decide to return to isolationism ? 
  honestly ? 
  if america returned to isolationism ?
