  it is not a lack of the right education when there is a problem , education e.g. 
  can only reach younger generations and if these generations are not willing to educate them-selfs independently in later phases of live , the best education system is totally useless . 
  so sad :( my warmest condolences . 
  but this is great about his movies they connected generations in a way . 
  fun fact : in german sig\u00fe\u00f3rsson means literally victorygoalson . 
  and this is what he really did in this match, 
  the question is can an education system actually do that ? 
  our times are fast due to globalization and technization . 
  and the speed of the changes of values is even accelerating . 
  it is evident that people will fail to adapt . 
  referendum for gay rights and abortion ? 
  i 'm no expert but i do n't think this is a good idea . 
  when it comes to rights of minorities it is perhaps not a good idea to let a majority decide . 
  imagine if lincoln had let decided the question whether the united states should abandon slavery or not with a referendum . 
  and why should have the vote of a man the same weight as the vote of a woman when it comes to abortion ? 
  of course men should also have some right to take part in this decision but actually it does n't effect them as much as it effects women . 
  i think this is very difficult and has the possibility to drive a wedge in a whole society with every referendum held . 
  actually a lot . 
  well integrated , hard working people do n't tend to `` roam '' and rape people . 
  there are 2 million people with polish immigrant background in germany . 
  ( that is twice as much as in the uk ) and they are maybe one of the best integrated immigrants out there . 
  they are in general hardworking and honest . 
  and i 'm certain that this also applies to the polish people living in the uk . 
  so this is total bullshit . 
  i watched this documentary a few years ago , where old-timers recalled their experiences they made in their youth as they traveled europe with interrail72 . 
  one of the groups stranded in a small greek village , they connected with the locales and they gave them a small tour . 
  however there were this monument and the germans asked what this is about ? 
  a older greek gentlemen told them , that this is a memorial to remember a massacre that occurred in that village during the nazi occupation committed by germans and without further talk he brought glasses and ouzo and they drank together . 
  i know its a little bit kitschy , but this story pops always in my mind when the topic is greek-german relations, 
  true , foreign policy is n't just a top-down dictatorship , in fact it has many grassroot-elements , mid-level bureaucrats and politicians keep things going and try to stay as assessable , accessible and cooperative as possible . 
  trump will have a hard time to dismantle the very institutions these highly skilled and seasoned diplomats want to keep alive . 
   thank you , this page is really nice a lot of infos there . 
  how are you doing ? 
   have you heard of the dead sea and the kineret ? 
  of the dead sea sure of kinneret just now from you :p i read on wikipedia its a kibbuz with a museum , definitely put it on my list . 
  why would you recommend it over other kibbuzim ? 
   nicht wirklich , mein oma war einen flichtlinge von osterreich , glucklich sie hat verlassen bevor 1939 . indeed she was lucky , how old was she when she fled ? 
  did she also cooked you traditional austrian/german meals ? 
  its also interesting that you still speak german , is it in general common in israel that the language the israelis originated from is still spoken ? 
  i did n't knew that so many german words are present in hebrew language , that is really fascinating . 
  talking of yiddish [ if you by accident travel to berlin in july - august and really into music or jiddish culture you should consider to visit weimar ] ( http://www.mdr.de/kultur/yiddish-summer-weimar-102.html ), 
  wow !, 
  i will definitly travel the north !, 
  whats the name of these mountains ? 
  i 'm really into mountains do you know if it is possible and save to summit the highest point of mount hermon that is on israel territory ? 
  or is it totally restricted area ? 
  or is mount hermon ski resort as high as you can get ? 
  sadly i ca n't repay you your offer , because i have literally no clue about berlin , but if you want to venture into the southern parts of germany ( especially thuringia and northern bavaria ) i could give you some insiders tips . 
  definitely sounds great , ty  especially because my ideas are still very vague i mean sure i want to see tel aviv , jerusalem and a kibbuz that is not very precise . 
  lets please stay in contact i would also love to hear your travel account when you are back from berlin . 
   probably because i ) it shows raw video footage of the ghetto ( which is extremely rare ) ii ) it was the precedent to killing , it was videos like these that the germans watched that motivated them to act on shootings , in that case it was an accessory to killings and iii ) the fact that it was watched basically everywhere in germany by the public ( not the private ) raises questions about how involved the average german was involved . 
  ok i 'll definitely watch it . 
  yes i would love to visit israel . 
  in fact its my next travel destination i already save money for , this year i 'll make a tour across europe and as soon as i have enough money i 'll travel to israel . 
  europe = rehabilitation  punishment usa = punishment  rehabilitation, 
  nope , not in germany . 
  i 'm no lawyer but as far as i 'm aware hate aspects of crimes only become relevant to assess if the crime should be punished with life imprisonment or not and therefore only apply to very serious crimes , like homicide . 
   am i missing something here ? 
  nope , but i have , whops must have read over it . 
  you 're totally right my fault . 
  nevertheless the article is still exaggerated , because the sentence is not more mild than comparable sentences for arson including attacks on refugee shelters . 
  nevertheless this :  [ burning of a synagogue approximately 2,700 miles away from the nearest israeli town ] ( http://www.taz.de/picture/73515/948/wuppertalsynangoge142015.jpg ) is still misleading . 
  [ actual damage ] ( http://cdn2.spiegel.de/images/image-730479-breitwandaufmacher-opie-730479.jpg ), 
  what double standard ? 
  they got the similar sentences like germans who committed comparable crimes which targeted refugee-shelters . 
  ~ ~ no you ca n't because this article is propaganda , it conveniently forgets to mention that the arsonist were n't acquitted but actually convicted , ~ ~ without getting any reduction of sentence . 
  ~ ~ if you read that article without that background knowledge the reader could wrongly assume that they were acquitted of the charge , therefore its bad journalism regardless of the ( imo ) wrong statement of the german court . ~ ~ edit : i was wrong , nevertheless this article is exaggerated and misleading . 
  true , its a bleached out netherlands flag . 
  it was n't so much the wall that kept the people in but the mines , spring guns and the firing order . 
   the thing about those troops is that invading requires russia to open fire on americans . 
  in case of an conventional invasion you 're right - but contemplate what russia 's strategy in the donbass was.there was no conventional invasion , but support for russian speakers with armament supplies and russian volunteers , the actual presence of regular russian military was kept a ( open ) secret at the beginning . 
  i mean sure that scenario is n't so much a possible modus operandi in poland , but in the baltics it definitely is . 
  deployments are not about to repel an conventional invasion , they serve as an clear indicator that the right of self-determination of nato eastern flanks countries is an vital interest for all nato members and the numbers of troops which are deployed in these countries are the benchmark russia measures how nato actually values these countries right of self-determination . 
  that is total bs we 're talking only about 3000 soldiers , that deployment is just symbolic . 
  btw :  [ it is hard to find any military officer or expert who believes that the number of troops deployed by nato in the baltic states -- 5,000 -- would deter russian aggression . ], 
  ( http://carnegieeurope.eu/2016/12/08/from-suez-to-syria-why-nato-must-strengthen-its-political-role-pub-66370 ), 
   i see , i mean , anyone can search it up on youtube however , i 'm sure many did ? 
  i ca n't imagine , i think most germans heard of it but only very few actually saw it . 
  imo there 're better ways to learn about antisemitism in nazi germany like to make a guided concentration camp memorial tour , or visit exhibitions about the shoa in general or about specific events like the reichspogromnacht or read books about it , than you will come also to this conclusion :  raises doubts that the average german did n't know as this was shown in german cinemas at the time i read [ the end ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_end:_hitler%27s_germany_1944%e2%80%9345 '' ) in which kershaw clearly talks about with historical scoures and scientifically and he concludes that the shoa was well known in 1941 . 
  i ask out of interest way are you so particularly interested in how `` der ewige jude '' plays a role in german memorial and reappraisal culture ? 
  it is seen as perfidious nazi-propaganda and similar to `` mein kampf '' it was pretty much shied out to be used as primary source in school history class . 
  up to recently you had a hard time to even get your hand on `` mein kampf '' in a legal way . 
   i recommend you watch all of it . 
  i will give it a try to broaden my knowledge will not harm me i guess . 
  i can imagine that indeed you waited an eternity until the sky color changed into something that at least resembles white . 
   wow , i thought the % would be much higher , 36 is quite low yes its pretty low indeed . 
  imo the problem is that many people think to know much about israel but actually they do n't . 
  israels political history is very rich and in order to understand the middle-east conflict you have to know many details ( btw . 
  can you tell what the whole thing with parties splitting disbanding and refounding with a total different name is about ? 
  israel landscape of political parties is for outsiders very confusing . ), 
  people prefer the easy way out and just want to see all palestinians as victims , regardless if the hamas constantly attacks israel . 
   did you watch the whole movie or just a snipet ? 
  i personally watched a documentary about ns propaganda movies in which also 1-2 ( short ) snippets of `` der ewige jude '' where shown . 
  also :  the public distribution and exhibition of the film is prohibited in germany . 
  the only exception is for use in college classrooms and other academic purposes ; however , exhibitors must have formal education in '' * media science * and the history of the holocaust '' , [ 50 ] and it can only be screened in a censored version with annotations . 
  because of that restrictions its highly unusual to exhibit the whole movie in school . 
   would you say most germans are in the middle ? 
  what percentage would be for each one ? 
  i 'll quote from this article of bertelsmann-stiftung : https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/en/topics/aktuelle-meldungen/2015/januar/germans-take-skeptical-view-of-israel/  36 percent of the germans have a positive attitude towards israel . 
  however , 48 percent of their compatriots say that their opinion of israel is poor .
