  this figure rises to 54 percent among the age group between 18 and 29 years . 
  attitudes towards the israeli government are especially critical , with 62 percent of germans expressing a negative opinion . 
  thus the germans ' attitudes to israel are more negative than the opinions of israeli jews about germany  second question , are germans aware of films like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbkagdxo9vi ? 
  and if so , how , from general interest or is this taught in school ? 
  i do n't know for sure because in germany every federal state has its own lesson plan . 
  i went to school in bavaria and thuringia and in both states ns-propaganda was discussed movies like `` der ewige jude '' where mentioned furthermore the role of antisemitism in the 3rd reich was discussed , we also visited the concentration camp buchenwald . 
  from what i have heard history class in germany has its focus in general on ww2 . 
  ofc i can only speak for myself , but for me the term nazi is just short for nazi germany . 
  probably there is a subconscious need to dissociate oneself from nazi ( s ) ( - germans ) but i personally do n't see it that way :  they always emphasise nazi crimes , it was not nazi germany in their mind but only nazi thugs . 
  there are definitely a lot of germans who argue that way , and there a still a lot of misconceptions of how the shoa was implemented especially when it comes to the width of involvement of the average german in it and yes they argue exactly that way , like there were only ss-hardliner involved in ( or knew about ) it and such refuted nonsense . 
   personally i see it as some where in the middle , many nazi thinking were german and part of german society i see it that way , too . 
  however personally i use the term probably to dissociate myself from it because for me it is a historically period i was n't part of at all in fact even my dad was n't a part of it , ofc my grandparents were , but the oldest of them was born in 1935 , therefore he was ten when the war ended , ofc he was in the hj but i really ca n't held him responsible , one of my great-grandparents fought on the eastern front , but he died before i was born , so luckily i feel no need at all to try to whitewash him , i do n't know what he did the only thing i know is that he knew what was going on and that is enough to call him coward . 
  nevertheless there is still german responsible , but for me personally its just like debts you inherit , you have to pay them , even-though you did n't caused them . 
   i speak with germans they always emphasise nazi crimes , it was not nazi germany in their mind but only nazi thugs . 
  so it 's much more intertwined than how germans view it as solely a political party whom rose to power whereas it 's seen more as german here . 
  imo that is only natural , because as i said before its like a subconscious psychological need to disassociated yourself from something evil and what was going on in nazi germany was something unprecedented evil in whole human history , if you watch star wars you 're rooting for luke and not for vader , that is also is the reason why there are so unproportional many german movies of german resistance against nazism , eventhough it actually was tiny when it comes to numbers and political relevance . 
  humans in general do n't want to acknowledge that there is something evil ( and there is in all of us ) in them so they do n't want to associate themselves with something evil , especially when it is part of their identity . 
  i recommend to watch the kurosawa classic : [ kakushi-toride no san-akunin ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0051808/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) its basically `` a new hope '' in medieval japan . 
  it was definitely the biggest inspiration for lucas , he copied whole shots , the story , the samurai villain looks exactly like vader and even the pace is similar . 
  but ofc there are also nazi vs partisan tones , which become more clear in the prequels and recently also in the sequels . 
  ok than it includes school , whatever really i do n't care . 
  i do n't imply anything , all i do is pointing out facts . 
  no he does n't because schools are no government agencies . 
  also the headline is mistranslated in a misleading way , the german term `` beh\u00f6rde '' just means `` government agency '' and not `` public space '' , therefore the translated headline falsely implies that the article is about that all public conveniences should become unisex toilets , whereas it is actually just about the toilets in government agencies . 
  woah there slow down . 
  whats even your point ? 
  he just asked if this newspaper is comparable to taz.de , which i think it is not , whats wrong with you . 
  i do n't think so . 
  tbh i never heard of it before , because apparently it is a regional newspaper its focus is n't even on politics and on the first look it does n't seem to be very left-wing , also its editor-in-chief was ulrich reitz former ` focus ' editor-in-chief, 
  i personally do n't and i personally do n't know anybody i could imagine to believe that bs , especially not anyone of my polish friends and acquaintances whose parents came to germany for work . 
  nope to some degree you have to take think tanks into account , regardless of your agenda , that is after all one reason they exist : to give independent perspectives and data . 
   different countries have different accounting standards . 
  the figures on wikipedia are from think tanks/ngo 's and they are both higher than the number nato suggests . 
  also your argument works vice versa as well , maybe nato 's estimations just deliberately exclude as many assets as possible because it has an interest to keep these numbers low to ensure even more spending . 
  ofc there is possibilty that the think tank numbers are inflated - i really do n't know , but you neither . 
  but regardless it does n't make sense to look only on nato figures , like they are the word of god or just because they conveniently fit your agenda . 
  do you know why nato counts different ? 
  [ actually france meets nato spending guidance . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ), 
  to some degree yes , there is huge psychological dimension in targeting non-military targets as part of demoralization efforts regardless if the city is called guernica , coventry , london , dresden or hamburg . 
  nevertheless it also targeted infrastructure , which is a hard military target and economy which also is in a total war between two nations , also these bombings were part of a comprehensive military strategy . 
  why basically ? 
  that is the whole point . 
  partisan groups also targeted military infrastructure like railroad tracks , or they helped with intelligence tasks gave information to the allies , therefore they were part of a comprehensive military strategy . 
  ofc some partisan groups used terrorist means , but that makes these organisations not terrorist in nature as i pointed out before . 
  its not about characterizing organisations but single acts imo . 
   there is no clear definition that fits all there are clear characteristics of terror attacks , regardless whether the overall objectives of the organisation which carries it out is legitimate or not, 
  imo terrorism is n't defined through the kind of targeted victims , ( not even through the nature of the organisation which carries the attack out , there can be even legitimate guerrilla insurgencies which use terrorism as a part of their strategy ) , but through its total uselessness in regards of a military perspective . 
  terrorism is just about pr and the psychological effect , its self-sufficient , it does n't tries to achieve hard military objectives . 
  its just a demonstration of power chiefly targeting minds not military targets as a part of a comprehensive military strategy . 
  that 's how as a german you maintain badass reputation . 
  the average german never goes outside starting in october without full polar survival gear , you know just in case . 
  and misunderestimated bongoist, 
  there is more to it , in israel society of today mizrahi jews ( 3,200,000 ) not ashkenazi jews ( 2,800,000 ) or sephardi jews ( 1,400,000 ) are the majority . 
   the founders of israel were a good mix of the political spectrum ; since the 90s though israel has been dominated by right wing hawks . 
  [ that is not true ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_prime_ministers_of_israel ) way before russian mass immigration to israel there was a period of likud domination also in the 2000s kidma was fromed out of the left-wing of likud ( and therefore it was a centrism party ) which supported disengagement from gaza and formed a coalition with the labor party , which wants a two-state solution . 
  tbh i think that the disengagement from gaza and the rise of hamas after that , is actually the reason for the swing to right at the moment . 
  but i really do n't know much because israel politics seems very confusing , there is a lot of splitting and refounding going on and there was actually governing coalition that consisted of 11 parties , very confusing . 
  nope it is not . 
  [ unless you are the president of the united states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bushism ), 
  why become ? 
  israel was by default a pretty secular , moderate country , especially in comparison to its middle eastern neighbors , however lazy whataboutism is not really a good way to reason . 
  imo islamic terrorism and religious-jewish extremism ( the first more than the latter ) sadly definitely influenced israels society negatively , but this is still not true :  where militarism meets religious fundamentalism, 
  because there is no foundation for the settlements in accordance to international law . 
  it was designated to be territory for the arab/palestine population in the un partition plan of 1947 , then it was unlawfully occupied by jordan and finally conquered by israel in 1967 , legally it is occupied territory which renders the settlement unlawful . 
   some point as the original borders of israel were badly designed . 
  is this even an argument ? 
  look how the settlements divide the westbank into a patchwork rug i would call that badly designed . 
  also it is obvious that israel ca n't decide unilateral how these land swaps should look like . 
  also it agreed to refrain from further settlement in the oslo accords , a promise it already broke . 
  yeah but israel build unlawful settlements in the westbank . 
  i 'm pro israel , i even understand the necessity of counter terrorism effort in the gaza-stripe including bombing of weapon caches regardless of possible civilian causalities . 
  but not a single civilian israeli citizen should be allowed to settle in the westbank . 
  that 's an experience i often make when i read carnegie assessments , they just force you out of your bubble , sometimes they are pretty rough criticism and unpleasant to read but they never fail to surprise with different ( inconvenient ) perspectives . 
  but only if he travels 10 years back in time , when this term was still funny and fashionable . 
  oh wait it was never funny or fashionable . 
  haha did n't knew that thx for sharing . 
  its funny because if you look into some of the [ isw ] ( http://www.understandingwar.org/ ) ( that very think tank keane is chairman of ) reports you 'll find ( ofc naturally so ) pro-interventionist , anti-russian and hawkish approaches on foreign affairs , how does it fit into the allegedly russian friendly and even isolationist positions of donald trump . 
  your cynicism seams appropriate to me . 
  at the moment the us is no ally of russia . 
  lets talk again if we 're already 2 years into trumps presidency , if you were right you can rub it in my face , but imo how trump will act in regards of geopolitics ( especially if you looks at his appointments ) is still a mystery . 
  i have no idea how this is even connected to your initial ( wrong ) statement about french arms race against the eu and geopolitical swing towards russia . 
  apparently you assumed that the worst case scenario of a president marine le pen becomes a reality , but french polls do n't indicate that at the moment  le pen will use the eu army to get elected . 
  so she will use the eu as a whole , but no need to dissolve it because of it . 
   as is the last bit of power not given up to the eu . 
  the eu is an democratic institution , people tend to forget that . 
  blahblah tyranny of the eu * sigh * also :  in the end its not france vs the eu its whether france can give up its military role in the eu to the eu and give up that influence without throwing a fit about it . 
  because it is not a reversible process . 
  its funny how precise your predictions are in comparison to how vague the idea how an eu-army should look like still is , just look what spain , italy or germany , france wants , its still a long way to the actual realization and the question of how many competences are actually centralized is still unanswered . 
  [ actually a clinton victory would have been better for your general dynamics shares ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/24/magazine/how-hillary-clinton-became-a-hawk.html?_r=0 ), 
   french military spending is great now , but the eu has more resources collectively . 
  but its not eu vs france lol . 
  you are assuming that france feels endangered by the eu but this is total bs , because [ french politicians are actually pushing for it . ], 
  ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/710067/eu-army-germany-france-merkel-hollande-brexit ) when it comes to geopolitics germanys influence is actually tiny because of its reluctance to engage in geopolitical conflicts and anything that includes military , actually i think that france will gain influence and not lose , because the french army is by far better equipped and experienced than its german counterpart . 
  france ? 
  france is part of the eu and its 2nd largest country , excluding the uk it has the highest military spending within the eu in total numbers ( and the highest spending including gb when it comes to gdp share ) it would probably lead this whole eu-army . 
  i also consider the iraq war illegitimate in regard of international law , and i really dislike the neo-con approach to geopolitics in general , however people who blame the us for the current instability in iraq and the whole region in general are just ignoring facts and act like saddams iraq was a stabilizing factor for the region , but in reality he was a sunni dictator over a shia majority , who was to a considerable degree responsible for two offensive wars one of them the iran -- iraq war produced more casualties than the syrian civil war . 
  also he oppressed the shia majority and the kurds with deadly violence . 
  to say the without us intervention iraq would now be a peaceful and stable country is hilariously ridiculous - its inner political situation was already predetermined to spiral into ( with a very high likelihood ) full scale civil war sooner or later , just compare it with prewar syria , there are a lot of similarities . 
   now , people are encouraged to report such crimes and the police will listen and record it even if they ca n't find `` proof '' and that is good thing because that actually the job of the police .
