  their leader actually was a british alchemy teacher, 
  many german tink tanks are so called stiftungen like the bertelsmann stiftung . 
  actually there are quite a lot european think tanks udually you just do n't associate them with that term . 
  you forgot the lobbying part . 
  well i had mulifaceted treatment too . 
  still i feel better without . 
  way have many polish guys in germany , but since german is the 2 . foreign language in poland ( for 5 % or something it is even their first foreign language ) they speak good german . 
  or 8,84 $ / hour, 
   with adults , i am not sure , if it is diagnosed by a doctor , it is accepted . 
  it is . 
  i have an add diagnosis and used medicine for over a year , it did n't worked for me ( i felt out of balance ) in the long run , even though i was more focused and more productive . 
  ad ( h ) d definitely is real , however out of my personal experience i 'm very critical of the use of medication ( especially for children ) , after all many of those products are substituted amphetamine ( derivative ) or in some instances just pure amphetamines . 
  brain-chemistry is very complex and therefore no medicament is able to interfere with it , without producing negative side-effects . 
  surely a cost-benefit analysis will legitimize the use of medicament in many instances , like the obvious example of schizophrenia and antipsychotics , that have severe negative side effects , however i do n't think that ad ( h ) d generally justifies the use of medicine , in some cases it can prove to be the right approach , though . 
  what you describe in regards of how the general public views adhd in your home country is similar to how it is perceived in germany . 
   tesla i think tesla is probably brand you even see rarely in the us . 
  in 2016 tesla sold less than 80 k cars overall , whereas vw sold 10 million . 
  tesla still is a brand that only early adopters use . 
  it like to say that you do n't know any persons who own a virtual reality system . 
  i never get this snobby behavior . 
  almost equally stupid are people how claim you 're only a `` real man '' when you drive a manuell car and not an automatic . 
  i mean i never drove an automatic but there are obvious advantages like economy and comfort . 
   ak-47 and a glock have you also planted the bomb ? 
  [ they associate themselves as part of central europe , because they culturally and politically are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe#/media/file:centraleurope2.png ), 
  first of all there is no country where there is n't any corruption at all . 
  however in germany there is no corruption in that sense of an average citizens paying money to accelerate like bureaucratic processes or something . 
  corruption exists though , its just not very common and visible for average citizens to experiencing it and for the most part limited to shady relationships between politicians and enterprises , shady donation for political parties ( chancellor kohl ) , nepotism ( like mps who employ family members as secretaries ) and economic corruption like e.g. 
  shady deals to the detriment of industrial consumers between their employees and their suppliers . 
  eastern europe geographically spoken only refers to ukraine , belarus and russia . 
  it 's not only eastern and western europe . 
  in fact there is northern - central - , southern , western - , eastern - and southeastern - europe . 
  and most countries you probably mean with eastern europe are actually part of central or southeastern europe . 
  a a difference that ( at least to some of them ) matters . 
  especially czechs get sometimes annoyed when you call them eastern europeans . 
  i would n't say that they 're actual monarchists , because as far as i know they do n't want to reinstall the hohenzoller or habsburg monarchy . 
  most importantly the reichsb\u00fcrger movement is about not acknowledge the authority of the state , anything else is just a way to ` legitimize ' the right of their ` chancellor , king , ruler ' ( regardless if they have noble ancestry or not , to them it does n't matter ) or whatever they call themselves , to collect money from idiots you actually believe their bullshit . 
  they really are no monarchists . 
  craft bear is n't that of a thing in germany , we have small local breweries , which often belong to an inn . 
  most of them are ancient , the brewery of my home town produces beer since 1492 . 
  in some regions pretty much every small town and city ( sometimes even village ) has their local brand . 
  for me these local beers are part of the experience you make when you visit a region/city/town first you do sightseeing and afterwards you eat a local dish in a local traditional inn and drink a local beer . 
  the whole point about having your local beers is to prefer them over foreign one 's because you know how they 're made and for some people they 're even a part of their identity . 
  i never would order beer via the internet from a different german region ( i have nothing to do with ) or even another country . 
  when i want something special i go to my local brewery when i want just any beer i buy one of the myriads of more commercial brands , that are sold in the supermarket . 
  but since i never was in the us , i never tried an american craft beer , therefore i have no clue how it compares and i do n't care tbh since for me nothing is better than the local beer of the town i grow up in , ofc it 's not in an objective way the best beer in the world , but there are a lot of memories connected to its very distinct taste , it just feels like home . 
  i guess i 'm pretty conservative when it comes to beer . 
  i personally prefer [ dunkel bier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunkel ) but pils is pretty much the standard in germany short of bavaria ( and baden-w\u00fcrtemberg ? ), 
  where [ wheat beer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wheat_beer ) and [ helles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helles ) are more common . 
  short of all this ( good ) examples why not to recognize it already named , stability also generally spoken can be an important factor not recognize a country . 
  because if more and more countries start to recognize it , there always is a possibility of a war , because it could be the last chance to force an insurgent province/region back under the authority of the central government , operating in a grey area and not waging an ( illegal ) war of aggression . 
   it 's easier to get cigarettes in a shop if you 're underaged , as either t he card you 're paying with needs to be coded with your age , or you need to insert you 're id . 
  nah just ` borrow ' mom 's bankcard when she is asleep you scrub . 
  :p a perfect crime no casualties short of your own lung . 
  i had a funny experience in italy once . 
  i went to a mcdonalds , that was in relative proximity ( like 5 mins afoot ) to the beach , where i spent the day just with my bathers and ( obviously ... - for me haha ) naked from the waist up . 
  as soon as i entered the mcdonalds restaurant people turned around started giggling and whispering and an middle aged italian lady pointed and me and said ` no naked ' :d i felt like a barbarian for the first time encountered civilized people . 
  but the staff did n't deny service . 
  i still do n't get it , though . 
  sure in germany it would be unusual to go to a mcdonald without a t-shirt generally spoken , but probably not so much , when it 's that close to a beach and you just go in to order your take-away meal and then leave . 
  in germany it would be : convenience  decency . 
  after all mcdonalds is not a gourmet restaurant or something . 
  what is appropriate and what is not in regards of nudity in apparently differs a lot between european countries . 
  germany : we have nudist beaches and spaces , too  saunas , change booths , anything that is gender segregated or away from public spaces : yep , be as naked as you like these like ... apply to all countries in europe , right ? 
  generally avoid being seen by kids , showing off is never fine , do it in an appropriate area or be naked for a while on the beach but for a reason . 
  i really wonder ... for germany this is true . 
  the black-forest is very close to karlsruhe , its a low mountain range and therefore not as spectacular as the alps , but since you can drive there within less than an hour , its something you can literally do any time you want , however i 'm not from this area therefore i have no clue if its worth the while , but usually german uplands are a quite nice destination for a small hiking trip , even-though nothing special . 
  a change of government is only possible in the case of a red-red-green coalition at federal level ( recent polls suggest that even if they are willing to form a coalition they still would lack around 9 % -12 % ) . 
  and a red-red-green coalition actually would be a political revolution . 
  merkel will stay in office , maybe the cdu even will be able to form a coalition with the fdp instead of the spd , at the moment this scenario is by far more likely than a spd chancellor in 2017 . 
  lol, 
   nazi germany came about similarly . 
  no not at all , because how the nsdap dismantled the republic had n't to anything with the election system . 
  other aspects of the constitution were flawed yes , but most importantly the weimar republic was a democracy without democrats . 
  1932 there were a majority for undemocratic parties . 
  really read something about it . 
   that should never be allowed , no country where that can happen is fully legitimate so there are not legitimate democracies at all on planet earth ? 
  because actually every democracy can be dismantled , there is no and never will be perfect constitutional protection , the only thing that protects a democracy is a majority of citizens and politicians who want to preserve the democracy . 
  but they 're over-represented ( 6 % ) , and their system also has the possibility that a lost popular vote can still lead to a win . 
  in germany we have a 5 % threshold , which means a party that not achieves a 5 % share of the total vote ca n't be in parliament . 
  therefore in 2013 , that 15,8 % of the total votes were politically ignored . 
  but the election still was legitimate . 
  every election system has it advantages and disadvantages . 
  you 're just salty . 
  maybe the us system needs a reform , but that does n't render it totally undemocratic or even comparable to the 3rd reich lol , maybe you should read something about the history of nazi germany . 
   it is not a self ruling country but one ruled by a small minority . 
  nah  congressional popular vote . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_house_of_representatives_elections,_2016 -  more votes for the republicans . 
   if that happened in an eu member they 'd be sanctioned to high heaven . 
  look at the popular vote of the 2017 uk general election . 
   that 's no country worth recognizing and every european who considers him legitimate is another neville chamberlain nah mate that really is bs . 
  nah that is nonsense . 
  the trump administration is legitimate . 
  maybe incompetent and incapable of acting but legitimate . 
  election system of democracies will always create unfairness to some degree , but as long as every relevant party accepts the system because there is no excessive advantage for one party , elections are legitimate . 
  and when elections are legitimate the government is , at least as long as it do n't extents its authority beyond the boundaries determined by the respective constitution . 
  no worries . 
   their actions effectively caused the current syrian war . 
  well that is factually not true . 
  arab spring was not caused by us actions in the region . 
  also it was assad not the us who ordered death squads to kill ( unarmed ) protesters .
