  nope it means that police reports are in general very useless because they only capture women who go to the police and can proof that they were raped and there numbers are a lot lower than the actual numbers, 
  i do n't think that the person necessarily connects it with the current political situation , maybe he/she just wanted to point out that victims of terrorism are in numbers tiny in comparison to the victims of sexual violence . 
  like this  the number of sexual violence is very high regardless , especially if you take the dark figures into account . 
  the police does n't even know about most crimes in that area because it 's usually domestic or home violence/abuse . 
  indicates clearly . 
  imo rape is a crime that is commited far too often btw . 
  in any western society . 
  just look into [ sweden system of counting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden#statistical_factors )  unlike the majority of countries in europe , crime data in sweden are collected when the offence in question is first reported , at which point the classification may be unclear . 
  in sweden , once an act has been registered as rape , it retains this classification in the published crime statistics , even if later investigations indicate that no crime can be proven or if the offence must be given an alternative judicial classification . 
  [ 11 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] sweden also applies a system of expansive offence counts . 
  other countries may employ more restrictive methods of counting . 
  the swedish police registers one offence for each person raped , and if one and the same person has been raped on a number of occasions , one offence is counted for each occasion that can be specified . 
  for example , if a woman says she has been raped by her husband every day during a year , the swedish police may record more than 300 cases of rape . 
  in many other countries only a single offence would be counted in such a situation . 
  [ 8 ] [ 11 ] [ 15 ] [ 29 ] [ 30 ] in sweden , crime statistics refer to the year when the offence was reported ; the actual offence may have been committed long before . 
  swedish rape statistics can thus contain significant time-lag , which makes interpretations of annual changes difficult . 
  [ 11 ] [ 29 ] their rate ist around 60 cases / 100.000 , ( germanies around 9 ) and this still do n't record any case which are not going to the police at all . 
  [ yeah but actually they went down . ], 
  true , gay rights definitely play a considerable role , too . 
  both parties gain their profile chiefly because of their positions on value-centered social issues , i perceive the spd and the cdu as a lot more pragmatic , than both , at least when it comes to these matters . 
  when you mention afghanistan do n't forget about the kosovo conflict also a good example of the greens foreign policy pragmatism . 
  actually i think that they could possibly show still more flexibility when it comes to foreign affairs . 
  eventhough there is a pragmatic wing of the greens ( realos ) they are by far more leftwing when it comes to social matters , especially when it comes to migration policies where the csu wants the direct opposite than the greens and when it comes to these topics the spd is more accessible for the approach the csu prefers . 
  12 million bavarians ( 4 millions are franconians ) 82 million germans . 
  regardless direct democracy does n't work like that in germany , just read the article , the court said its unconstitutional . 
  also bavaria is a federal state of germany not a own country like scotland is . 
  also not every country has to allow foolish populist referendums when it is not designated in its constitution to do so . 
   it 's just as valuable as yours , so we should really count up the numbers on each side and see who is more numerous ... i.e. 
  have a referendum . 
  ez because 74 million is bigger than 8 million . 
   have issue with people saying that there should n't be one with no reason besides `` i do n't want it '' . 
  ok than read my comments again because there you 'll find enough reasons why there should n't be one , which are beyond i do n't want it . 
   if all you have is a desire for it not to happen , then why is your desire more valuable than someone else 's desire to have one ? 
  it depends on the reasons . 
  at the moments these reasons are mainly because they find it inconvenient to pay money into a system from which they profited for a long period . 
  i mean if there were a considerable movement for a referendum ( which is actually not the case , just read the article ) they would push for it anyhow . 
  and they would eventually get it , because this is actually what bavarians are notorious for . 
  also counterquestion : why is their desire more valuable ? 
  they are not even an ethic group . 
  also i do n't say that my desire is more valuable for me its just an interest that they do n't get it , therefore i argue against it , you just ca n't quit out of national state because its inconvenient for you , you have to have real reasons being an own ethnic group with own language ( regardless of how widely its used ) is one , whereas temporary economical disadvantages are n't . 
  sure bavaria is economically in excellent condition , nevertheless its total share of germanys gdp is only 18 % so this is bs , maybe it 's just because you made a translation mistake , but your comment would mean that bavarias share of germanys gdp  50 % . 
  btw nrw has a share of around 21 % and hesse has almost the same gdp per capita share than bavaria . 
   is it possible to have any conversation about germany without people resorting to bringing the nazis into this ? 
  not only the nazis there were many wars which were connected directly or indirectly to german independence / unification starting with the wars of german unification one of them the franco-prussian war played a huge role as a prerequirement for the first world war , because it concreted the french -- german enmity and gave birth to the french policy of revanchism all these events were preconditions for hitlers rise to power and ww2 . 
  i 'm franconian therefore a part of a minority in bavaria i 'm against any referendum that could possibly force franconia ( as a part of bavaria ) into bavarian independence , does n't that sound oddly familiar to you ? 
  haha true . 
  because of the union bavaria actually has disproportionate more power than the other german federal states . 
  because they are no nation . 
  look at all the other independence movements , what is the one thing that they all have in common ? 
  its their own languages : scottish gaelic , irish , bask , catalan , dutch vs french in belgium , these are not just dialects but linguistically own languages . 
  the bavarian language is just a german dialect spoken in bavaria and austria . 
  ethically and historically bavarians are germans . 
  ofc even in my opinion some parts of bavaria would probably culturally better fit into austria , but that is not what they want ( with they i mean the few people who actually want this ) , they want independence , why give it to them ? 
  and where to draw the line ? 
  there is nothing more german than local patriotism for a proof just look at this thread . 
  also whole europe paid a very bloody price to determine how germany should look like so we really should make sure that any change of its entity is n't made too rashly out of populist sentiments . 
  also bavaria would have probably separate itself from the bavarian parts which are actually culturally not bavarian but franconian or swabian ( including its second largest city nuremberg ) something the `` bayernpartei '' totally ignores in their election manifesto . 
  yes but not much . 
  in the article they mentioned and overall approval ( for independence ) of around 20 % in whole bavaria in 2009 . 
  but they only advocate independence from bavaria and to remain a part of germany in the case that bavaria really should separate itself from germany . 
  also they are as relevant in franconia as the bayernpartei in whole bavaria i personally see them more like a preparation / insurance for the worst case scenario . 
  in whole germany there are 5 million franconians if we had a our own federal state within germany it would be the 6th ( of 16 +1 ) largest when it comes to population . 
  they have the `` bayernpartei '' , which is more or less a single issue party for bavarian independence which only got around 2 % in the last bavarian state elections . 
  also around 1/3 of the bavarian population are actually not bavarians but franconians , who would definitely prefer to be citizens of germany and not of independent bavaria . 
  there was [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygzn12atb_k ) suggested video which made me laugh tears . 
  haha that was my very first thought too, 
  hitler was notorious for boring his inner circle with lengthy narcissistic lectures . 
  no return them all to bielefeld , that way we can pretend that they do n't exist . 
   but this is wrong , race is even more predictive of criminal behaviour than say sex - which itself is highly predictive . 
  source ? 
  every none german thinks that in aquirre , wrath of god klaus kinski slipped into the role of a lunatic , but in reality he just was himself . 
  new kids really was hyped in germany , and a lot of people i know still cite it . 
  more or less , yes its called : [ the three flavours cornetto trilogy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_flavours_cornetto_trilogy ) [ hot fuzz ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0425112/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) [ shaun of the dead ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0365748/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ), 
  for me seventh seal was n't that accessible to be honest , its alittlebit overly intellectual imo , maybe i 'm just dumb haha . 
  i enjoyed [ smultronst\u00e4llet ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050986/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) alot more it is actually one of my favorite movies of all times . 
  no actually most muslims in europe are turks , even if you exclude turkey . 
  or people from the [ sinai peninsula ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinai_insurgency ), 
  ofc , i did n't argued against racial profiling in general but the misconception that muslims are a race . 
  actually there is a considerable number of blonde haired turks who are blue or green eyed . 
  also many people tend to forget that the country with the biggest muslim population is indonesia in south east asia , therefor people with an far east asia appearance which few people would probably connect with islam . 
  because we do n't have any term restriction for our chancellors , e.g. 
  helmut kohl was chancellor for 16 years . 
  a chancellor is not a president its more like a prime minister ( in most democracies there is no term restrictions for prime ministers e.g. 
  gb as far as i 'm aware ) but in germany the powers of the president are very limited and more representative in nature rendering the chancellor the actual # 1 of the executive in opposition to democracies like france or the us which have a presidential system in which the president is elected directley ( or you vote for electors ) , in germany there are two votes with one you can vote for a party ( indircet ) and another to vote for a direct candidate for your personal election district, 
  i would say that , too but i 'm also not aware of the complete circumstances . 
  also there is a possibility that this was n't his first but the last of a long history of similar offences , if so the prison sentence seems sensible . 
  for a blitzkrieg you have to get up early . 
  i did n't even know that the anschluss is already completed again . 
  what about footba ... nevermind, 
  yeah i would n't say that the various big media outlets are totally homogenus and all biased towards clinton ( like for example snopes.com ) , also if you look how similar scandals came to light in the past you have to acknowledge that it was these outlets that played the most important role . 
  if you want to believe in it i 'll not convince you otherwise but de facto it is a refuted conspiracy theory . 
  of course its not something that is totally unimaginable because there were already similar pedophilia cases e.g. 
  in gb politics which included high-level politicians . 
  the problem about pizza gate is that it is a conspiracy theory which claims that there are proves but actually there are not its just speculations and some `` facts '' were just blatant lies . 
  also many big news outlets debunked it already . 
  ok then he could really put a little effort into it to explain what he actually thinks , than we could had had an actual dialogue and then i could say that in my opinion germany still carries a responsibility ( and ofc this responsibility is about remembrance . ), 
  for the crimes of the nazis which were germans , but that the germans of today really do n't endorse the crimes that their forebears committed , because it was them not the young generations . 
  i really appreciate that * you * put the effort into it . 
  germany acknowledges the like with the very unusual and humble gesture of willi brandts [ warschauer kniefall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warschauer_kniefall ), 
  that literally makes no sense .
