  i 'm pretty sure there were not only irish people but citizen of every european state involved taken the fact that certain groups of extremist leftist perpetuate antisemitic sentiments and are very biased in favour of palestine across europe . 
  could you please a bit more excessive with your information ? 
  your comment is a bit enigmatic . 
  but doping drugs are no miracle drugs either and there is a misconception about doping , doping is not always a substance you take shortly before a competition , doping can also be a substance taken weeks or month before to shorten recovery phases and therefore enable harder and better training . 
  and this is what i think every athlete is doing in a way . 
  also there are some grey areas e.g. 
  doping with drugs which are legal to use in the case the athletes has certain disease like diabetes . 
  it is a open secret that some athletes are misdiagnosed so they can use insulin as a doping substance . 
  oh boy ^ ^ i misconceived it as sarcasm i 'm sorry, 
  why so hostile ? 
  ok then . 
  when it comes to emmigration , no they do n't . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_diaspora https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_diaspora#/media/file:2015-04-08_09.26.08_pm.png, 
  actually i think the same . 
  but what if there has to be a decision between to languages which are useful , one that is similar to yours and one that is very different ? 
  i never had the intention to postulate a universal law i just wanted to share my thoughts regarding this specific case . 
  astonishingly the romanian language is a romance language perhaps this explains it , because it 's much easier to learn a language which is similar to your own . 
  i agree , if you do n't want to work in germany but with germans or just spent your vacation here you 'll be fine with english , in germany nearly everyone speaks it quite well . 
  russian is probably much easier to learn for poles because both are slavic languages , also i heard that few russian speak english . 
  against her , it was the female not the male competition . 
  and your statement is also just a ( very likely but still just a ) speculation , because there was a statement regarding the reasons of refusal , it was stated the athlete is injured and what is more important the saudi-arabian athlete refused to participate in a preliminary match , which was against an mauritius athlete not the israeli one , only if she had won she would had to face the israeli athlete . 
  thank you very much, 
  thank you very much . 
  can you please tell me what denmark 's approach regarding intervention and acts of war was in the past ? 
  in which conflicts is denmark committed at the moment ? 
  just realized with shame how little i actually know about our northern neighbors . 
  not only germany , what about greece , italy and the other southern european countries which are affected most by the refugee crisis ? 
  at the moment there is no other humanitarian solution to reduce the influx of refugees immediately but this deal with turkey . 
  of course now it is necessary to find a better solution but this will take time , why should europe cut all ties with turkey before there is actually a possibility of a other solution ? 
  at the moment other options are just let them drown or let them all come to europe again and i 'm not in favour of these options . 
  terrorism is no military strategy but media strategy and propaganda . 
  all sophisticated terror attacks in the west aimed for symbols of western civilization and lifestyle . 
  terrorism is not just about killing people it is mainly about prestige . 
  the paris terrorists tried to attack a football game because they tried to capture an ongoing worldwide conveyed live broadcast for their purpose and therefore try create strong and permanent imagines of this attack . 
  terrorism is not just about killing people , terrorism is mainly about propaganda . 
  of course the recent events especially in germany showed a different type of terrorism , but i 'm relatively sure that large-scale terrorist attack in the province are very unlikely . 
  problem about that is that the '' shore they came from '' belongs to a country which can just refuse to take them . 
  actually this is one of the crucial points of the deal with turkey . 
  one of them is a philosophy student so one way or another he 'll probably end up jobless . 
  investigative custody is not meant for teaching lessons and also it is not the task of the persecution to teach lessons . 
  it is the task of a court and therefore the task of the judge and the volunteers who do jury service to teach lessons . 
  i know them not directly but i know an acquaintance of them . 
  imo the investigation custody was a total overreaction . 
  there was no risk of flight imo the prosecution just wanted to teach them a lesson . 
  of course there has to be a punishment but i also agree with you . 
  i remember a case in nuremberg in which really drunk students `` broke '' in a museum and take a painting worth over a million euros off the wall with intention to take it home with them , very stupid of course . 
  but their stupidity was even surpassed by the people who were responsible for the security during the renovation which took place at this time . 
  because they let a window open the whole night with a scaffold outside of the building leading to this open window and behind that window were art treasures worth millions of millions of euros . 
  luckily the intruders were just drunken students without any idea of what they were doing and not professional art thieves . 
  trend comes trend goes . 
  north korea however is for decades a strong fortitude against any shred of human-right , it 's really impressive , therefore it deserves a mention . 
  please emmigrate to north korea or iran i 'm sure their political systems suit your notion of how to punish people more , than western democracies approach . 
  yes but there is no 100 % security . 
  especially in a democracy , total security is not possible without destroying freedom . 
  look at the us , your country gives a shit about some democratic principles ( e.g. 
  with torture and mass surveillance ) to prevent terror attacks but there are still terror attacks in your country . 
  i agree . 
  let us be factual . 
  it is hard to actually define terrorism . 
  even the terrorism research lacks a uniform definition . 
  actually for me it is really important to understand why people commit those vicious acts . 
  you can learn a lot about the human nature through these incidents . 
  that 's why i try to regard myself never as a victim and try to rationalize a lot . 
  what i do n't get is why people often confuse the desire to understand with apologetic behavior towards , or even sympathy with the perpetrator . 
  for me it is just a coping mechanism . 
  of course this is very difficult because the munich rampage has shown that it is difficult to pin down the nature and the scale of an still ongoing incident . 
  and also i do n't think that the military is meant to execute anti-terrorist operations but to ensure public safety with presence and control of choke points and points of strategic relevance . 
  the task of the gsg 9 is mainly to execute operations against terrorists but not to maintain public safety and order on a large scale . 
  i do n't know but i 'm sure if we had one , the brits would have their own ( imperial ) system . 
  well , if there is no sensible or not at all any sex-education in schools you 'll definitely give pornography more influence on kids understanding of sexuality than it is healthy . 
  this is no reliable source . 
  you are just blatantly lying , the munich police did not say anything about evidences that linked this attack to islamism . 
  do you have any sources for your claim ? 
  the recent news that i 've heard is that the circumstantial evidence indicated no connection islamist terrorism, 
  how should we know yet ? 
  it is possible that it was `` just '' a rampage without any political motivation . 
  but there is also a possibility he is just a ethnic german who converted to islam . 
  you ca n't say anything at the moment for sure . 
  mostly insults . 
  as the citizen insults the attacker as `` kanacke '' a racist insult for turkish/arab people the attacker replies `` i 'm german '', 
  i do n't if this is still true . 
  also there are already sensible approaches like the franco-german brigade or the i. german/dutch corps . 
  if germany increases its military spending with the investments in bi - and multinational formations there will be little resistance and in addition many advantages e.g. 
  it could lead to more military spending in general , but not due to fear of germany but due to cooperation with germany . 
  i could imagine a polish-german brigade or a polish-baltic-german korps if the us would really step back from their commitments . 
  i do n't know . 
  russia could potentially try to prevent this scenario . 
  in the reddit live ticker during the coup someone posted a link to this homepage : https://www.flightradar24.com/41.09,27.39/6 . 
  it directly lead to a flight with the name `` turkish goverment '' you could follow its rout from the very location erdogan was during the beging of the coup to istanbul in live-time . 
  personally i do not embrace unsensible politics and the refugee politic of merkel was unsensible in many ways , especially when it comes to communications and the vehement rejection of upper limits . 
  but i do n't think that merkels implemented her approach only because of a sentiment of guilt and also there were people who have spoken out against her without any respect to political correctness . 
  but it 's not within my grasp why it is even necessary to make a pompous , cultural pessimistic theory , that is inherently wrong ( e.g. 
  polls suggested that the majority of germans are very critical about refugee politics and the majority even disagrees with merkels approach ) and is not in any way target-aimed . 
  nothing but stammtisch-parolen , but no real political answer because it ignores a more complex reality and only looks at the last chain link of the chain of events to build up a ( very stupid ) theory . 
  by the way factual you do n't show any real solution . 
  your `` solution '' is like the typical far-lefties approach , namely the childish idea that a problem would be solved if only everybody would think the same way . 
  but hitler was n't a democrat who perverted the values of the democratic idea out of a extremist ideological democratic conviction . 
  hitlers objective was to topple democracy and to implement a dictatorship . 
  in fact he hated democracy , for him it was just a useful tool to destroy it from the inside . 
  there was a transition process .
