  turkey main objective is to topple the assad regime and to check kurdish advances in syria , so it would be counterproductive to put too much effort into fighting isis, 
  or jihadist sunni extremists in the syrian civil war . 
  i think they will get their own state sooner or late , but it does n't has to be necessarily on turkish soil . 
  at the moment it is actually quite possible that iraqi kurdistan and syrian rojava will become fully independent kurdish states . 
  firstly there is the ambiguity of the term turkish ( or turks ) , but even if you take the wider meaning ( what makes no sense if you make an argument in order to verify that the south west region of modern turkey is rightfully so a part of turkey ( what btw i really do n't dispute in anyway ) ) , this statement is not true , because seljuk and mameluck were not exclusively turkish but melanges of many different ethnicity e.g. 
  persian , caucasian , coptic , circassian ( a whole period of mamluk sultanate is called the `` circassian period '' because circassians , not turks were the majority ethnicity at that moment and also a circassians dynasty was in charge and ruled till 1512 . 
  regardless of my personal opinion , i recommend to read more about the history of your own country . 
  you can start with these maps : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_empire#/media/file:ottomanempirein1683.png https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/osmanisches_reich#/media/file:ottoman_empire_de.svg, 
  but what medicine should i give my child than when it coughs ? 
  he probably bought a bread with it . 
  actually that 's our tactic , we try to interchange the proportion of the hay and needles , so we only have to separate the one straw from the needles stack . 
  its called german efficiency . 
  they are amateurs but they 're also islamic terrorist , its not like that you ca n't be an amateur and a islamic terrorist . 
  there is no contradiction . 
  why i have to restrain from an assessment of the abilities and backgrounds of islamic attackers ? 
  personally for me its very vital to categorize and assess , in fact that 's the way i deal with terrorist attacks , i try to intellectualize and it helps me to mentally deal with it . 
  if you have a problem with someone rightfully calls a terrorist an amateur , because of obvious amateurish execution of a even more amateurish attack scheme , than its your problem not mine . 
  i never implied in any way that amateurs are less dangerous . 
  the nice attack sadly has shown that even amateurs without military training or weapons can do massive damage . 
  nevertheless these women are amateurs , that is just how it is . 
  i really do n't care if this fact reassures you or not . 
  what does this change ? 
  everyone can take a knife and stab someone its not like that you need years of training to be dangerous with a knife . 
  it is very obvious that these women do n't belong to a sophisticated terrorist cell , because they had no access heavy guns and explosives . 
  also it is obvious , that they probably do n't have any considerable combat experience , so what wrong with term amateurish ? 
  its a historical fact . 
  if you have some knowledge gaps i can recommend `` freedom from fear : the american people in depression and war 1929-1945 '' oxford history of the united states . '', 
  its not my intention to hurt romanticized patriotic feelings and ideas about the past but historical facts are historical facts . 
   have opted not to declare war on germany actually the us did n't declared war on germany , germany and italy declared war on the usa as a direct reaction to the attack on pearl harbor , so you did n't had no choice but war . 
  in fact most americans were in favor of isolationist politics and did n't want to interfere in `` european affairs '' before the attack on pearl harbor . 
  he does n't said anything antisemitic recently as far as i know , but he wrote his antisemitic views in a book that was already published in 2012 ( so his `` opinions '' ( e.g. 
  holocaust denial , jews are responsible for antisemitism ... ) should have been known before the very election , which made him mp ) and this fact damasks the indifference of mrs. petri ( head of afd ) regarding antisemitism and racism in general . 
  you are totally right her statement is nothing but hypocrisy . 
   as for austria , israel was close to cutting relations ( diplomatic ) after their 2000 election . 
  only in 2003 where relations fully restored . 
  yeah i just read about the infamous 2000 election thanks for the hint . 
   it 's also not true that you have to be a right wing politicians to be supportive of israel of course not , i never said or had the intention to imply that . 
   right wing anti-semitism is n't less dangerous . 
  i know , the shoa was caused by right-wing antisemitism so its dangerous potential is evident , i just wanted to point out the antisemitism is not necessarily an attribute of right-wing groups anymore . 
   edit : it was disgusting for me to see those thugs ( in the image you linked ) . 
  i can feel you . 
  i 'm really enjoying our conversation , 
  bush is just hilarious . 
  so many funny awkward bloopers . 
   i got the impression because under the contemporary section of the wikipedia section it take a very dark view on austria . 
  yes i read it , but the article also implied that a minority ( 28 % of the adult population ) harbors antisemitic opinions and therefore it is far-fetched to call a entire country or its motivation regarding foreign affairs antisemitic . 
   also i 'm aware of the fact of their right wing parties . 
  yes , you are right austria has sadly a huge right-wing populist movement , but nowadays there is a huge heterogeneity regarding the political stance of right-wing populists concerning jewish people and israel , because there are hardly any jews in many european countries and islam and resistance against muslim immigration is today the main topic of right-wing populists . 
  some right-wingers even use israel flags to underline that their political movement is not connected in any way to nazism . 
  photo taken from a right-wing bagida demonstration : http://www.tagesspiegel.de/images/bagida_reuters/11253718/2-format43.jpg  why do you think austria paid ? 
  first time i heard of it sry , i confused it payed not israel but shoa survivors , in fact it still pays . 
  http://www.claimscon.org/what-we-do/negotiations/austria/  the claims conference initiated the austrian holocaust survivors emergency assistance program ( ahseap ) in 2003 to provide financial assistance to austrian holocaust victims living in need worldwide . 
  funding resulted from a legal settlement with bank austria/creditanstalt and negotiations with the austrian government . 
  since 2008 , the ahseap has been funded exclusively by the austrian labor and social policy ministry through a series of ongoing negotiations . 
   negotiations in 2015 resulted in an austrian government commitment of $ 1.5 million for 2016 . 
  austria and israeli relationships are indeed a little difficult but austria is not antisemitic . 
  some examples : * austria declared total neutrality and is not a member of nato . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_neutrality * austria recognizes israel as a country * austria conveyed the body of theodore herzl to israel * austria payed israel atonement payments for the crimes of the nazis * austrian troops contributed and still contribute to the peacekeeping mission of the un to secure the golanhights and the peace between israel and syria . 
  and please be wary with such generalized accusations , sadly in every european country you 'll find examples of antisemitic extremism but it is an error of judgement to conclude that this extremism represents the mindset of the majority of the population or the country . 
  i 'm very sure you would ( rightfully ) dislike the ( of course wrong ) idea , that jewish extremist , who attack homosexuals or try to settle in certain areas with the intention to fully `` reconquer '' the judea of the bible for a jewish only population , represent a majority of israeli citizens or the mindset israel in general . 
  first of all i hope in my previous post i made clear what is my view and what i think are views that exists but with which i do n't necessarily agree with . 
   i think the non recognition is an important part because it essentially calls for the removal of israel yap the non recognition is a definitively a no-go and for me it 's explains israels actions ( e.g. 
  nuclear weapons ) . 
  non recognition is for me the line between anti-israel sentiments and open antisemitism  and thus is n't a far way conflict with no relation to western europe . 
  of course its not , but for me the whole israeli/palestine is more or less a inner conflict of the state israel and both sides are not very in favour of dialogue ** at the moment ** and it 's impossible to blame only one side if you have no bias . 
  tbh in german media there is almost exclusively coverage about the palestine conflict when it comes to israel ( but nonpartisan coverage ) , e.g. 
  i have no idea how the israeli * relations * with iran developed after the nuclear deal because there was almost nothing about it in media . 
  the little i know about israels external policies at the moment is that israel cooperated with egypt in crackdown operations against is affiliates in the sinai . 
   when you say ` special treatment ' should also include material support ? 
  military material ? 
  68 % of the germans are against deliveries of arms to israel so i think for many people it includes material support . 
  but germans are very skeptical about deliveries of arms in general especially when it comes to states with still ongoing external or internal conflicts . 
   would you say most people agree with your views ? 
  if you were to put percentages , how much would agree with your views ? 
  the others more anti israel opinions ? 
  i 'll quote from this article of bertelsmann-stiftung ( it is worth a read it answers a lot of question better than i ever could : https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/en/topics/aktuelle-meldungen/2015/januar/germans-take-skeptical-view-of-israel/  * 36 percent of the germans have a positive attitude towards israel * . 
  however , * 48 percent * of their compatriots * say * that * their opinion of israel is poor * . 
  this figure rises to 54 percent among the age group between 18 and 29 years . 
  attitudes towards the israeli government are especially critical , with * 62 percent of germans expressing a negative opinion . 
  * thus the germans ' attitudes to israel are more negative than the opinions of israeli jews about germany  as for your last paragraph , i 'm sure because of it many visit israel as part of cultural exchange programs ( if you heard of this ) ? 
  or if not then just as tourists ? 
  unfortunately i have not heard of the exchange program before and i ca n't say anything about tourism and the reasons i just can speculate that probably the majority wants to have a good time in vacation . 
  do you have many contacts with german tourists or germans who participate in the exchange program ? 
  yes this true sadly people confuse israel with all jewish people, 
  i indeed think there are many anti-israeli sentiments in the population , but very few of them have antisemitic origin . 
  there are many people who think it 's best to forget about our past and look forwards , therefore they want indeed no special treatment for israel anymore , because they think germany has atoned for its crimes enough . 
  also many germans tend to be a little haughty about the fact that germany is such a pacific country now and therefore israel is bad because it 's not and it 's conceived belligerent ( in the same way like the us ) , but of course they just ignoring the fact that germany is surrounded by cooperating neighbors and friends whereas israel existence is n't acknowledged by almost all of its neighbors . 
  i think there is a certain naivete regarding war and conflict , they think you just have to stop shooting and have a goodwill and war will end forever , but this is not how it works and especially not in the middle east i think . 
  and i think this explains it a lot . 
  personally i do n't think we should treat israel like any other nation , but as any other ally and imo there has to be a fair two-state solution , but i have no idea how this should be implemented any time soon . 
  but please also bear in mind that many german people of today are involved in a memorial of the shoa as a part of german identity and especially in school we talk a lot about it the visit of a concentration-camp its almost mandatory . 
  also i think that there is a difference between population and politics and i would n't say that germany is pro israel in general its just like for germany the wellbeing of israel is seen as a historical responsibility but it does n't want directly involved in the israel-palestine - conflict in anyway, 
  there is a great decline in numbers if you compare 2014 to 2015 , in germany ( 26 - 16 % ) and france . 
  ( 38 % - 17 % ) also both have huge muslim minorities which are in germany to 56 % antisemitic and in france to 49 % antisemitic ) http://global100.adl.org/#country/germany/2015, 
  regarding the homepage i posted irland has a lower percentage in comparison to all western and central european countries ( including switzerland ) but gb ( 8 % ) and the netherlands ( 5 % ) ( wow thats admirably low ) . 
  ok thanks for the perspective . 
  but i have to mention that other researches present different figures regarding antisemitism e.g. 
  http://global100.adl.org/#country/ireland/2014 and some point mentioned in the article are very tendentious . 
   during the second intifada , irish `` peace '' activists waged activities in judea , samaria and the gaza strip . 
  they hindered idf activities , they served as human shields , they located themselves near roadblocks , they provided terrorist operatives with logistic and moral support .
