by that logic there was even a vital interest of assad and therefore also of the russian to support isis to some degree because assad was reliant on cheep oil isis was able to provide and assad even was its main customer . 
  i think isis was only able to thrive because any larger participant of the civil war turned more or less a blind eye on it . 
  for russia isis was a great pretext to intervene against rebel groups . 
  also the security gain of a `` defeat '' of isis is very questionable , because it has already established itself as the market brand leader of radical jihadism , taking its territory will not destroy isis , it will just move on to engage on other stages in the middle east ( like the sinai peninsula ) or sway furhter towards asymmetric warfare efforts in syria or in a worst case scenario it will increase their efforts in the west , but ofc there is still the benefit taking its income sources , but it seems that the us contented itself to reduce it through the destruction of oil plants and - infrastructure which coincidental also was in a strange target harmony with the aim to weaken assad . 
  this war is so complex that it is impossible to really say anything for sure or even stay up to date without investing a lot of time in it , especially with the limited knowledge which is also infiltrated by various different disinformation efforts . 
   once the rebels and isis are defeated ( and i hope this happens quickly now that trump wo n't support them ) they 'll all be sent back . 
  the syrian conflict is more complex than that its outcome only depends on the support of one nation . 
  the relationships between the myriad conflict parties and its foreign suppliers are intertwined and confusing . 
  the majority of the isis oil was sold to the syrian government because it was dependent on cheap oil to fight the rebels , so more or less assad was actually the main financially supporter of isis ( we 're talking about 40 million dollar/moth ) russia supports also the kurdish ypg which is also at ( low intensity ) war with the assad regime and do n't forget turkeys readiness for intervention in the favor of sunni rebel groups . 
  this conflict will probably endure even if the us disengages completely which is also not yet a sure thing , because nobody can really determine what trump will actually do in his presidency, 
  i watched a youtube video recently which claimed the nazis build ufos and colonized the whole galaxy , now that you are telling me that random youtube videos are reliable sources i 'm really afraid of an nazi-invasion of outer space . 
  nope that is basically how human nature deals with insults and ignorance . 
  defensively and a little angry . 
  please tell me exactly where do you were censored or intimidated ? 
  or is it just intimidating to you when someone disagrees with you or asks you to prove your claims ? 
  poor you !, 
  tell me what did you have expected when you decided to criticize non factual ( without any real knowledge about german law ) but using buzzword like `` authoritarian '' and insulting a whole nation as hypocrites ? 
  love and cookies ? 
  and another thing is that in germany every fine is adjusted to the income of the convict , in general one day fine is about 3 % of the convicts netto earnings of a month , whereas the day fine can be further reduced if more people ( spouses , children ) are reliant on that money . 
  the very maximum of days are 360 day fines so your numbers are total bullshit , even if you assume the convict gets the maximum of 360 day fines ( what is very rare in general ) his netto-earnings / month would be around 18.000 euro whereas the average german yearly gross income is about 50.000 euros . 
  hate speech only applies if you call for violence so its no criticism . 
  you can criticize whatever you want , there is not a single case against someone who just criticized merkels policy . 
  btw even hungary has laws against holocaust denial . 
  being allied does n't mean to look away when your ally doing things that are unlawful because they 're based on factual wrong claims or did you guys found any wmds ? 
  are you even aware that the csu ( which is actually a governing party btw . ), 
  criticizes merkel all the time ? 
  just name me one german `` dissident '' who criticized merkel who lost his fortune , or was `` accidentally '' shot or even poisoned with radioactive material . 
  even if your claim was right ( which it is not ) your comparison is hilariously stupid . 
  are you telling me i have to obey the rules of gravity ? 
  german efficiency seems in general does n't apply to german administration , because germany it has a tendency to be a over-regulated kafkaesk nightmarish bureaucracy where you go nuts while trying to obtain your permit a 38 . 
  i agree even though i was really disgusted about trumps rhetoric and appearance during his campaign but people are forgetting that he really could turn out by far more pragmatic than his statements during his campaign suggested . 
  you really ca n't judge before you actually have seen any real policy-making , especially in shrill us the very birthplace of modern populism , just take a look at the campaigns of franklin d. roosevelt who won them because of his pungent unbalanced populist rhetoric against capitalists and for labor rights , whereas in office he was very pragmatic and appears almost in every top 5 list of us-presidents . 
  i really do n't want to defend trump , because in my opinion the risk that he turns out to be a bad or even dangerous politician is just to high to give him a try , but he is definitely not dumb and his media competence made him win the election , but he is politically inexperienced . 
  just buy strache a fast car that should work . 
  the question is how far trump will actually sway towards an isolationist approach in foreign policies and economics . 
  the vacuums of power in europe , the middle east and south east asia could potentially worsen the overall political stability because china and russia will definitely use it to boost their geopolitical status and influence . 
  trumps rhetoric really sound like post ww1 rhetoric that the us do n't have to deal with global politics because of american exceptionalism and therefore the ( false ) conviction that it will not face any security issues regardless of the worlds political condition which proofed foolishly dangerous because it was one of the many requirements which made ww2 possible . 
  your question hugely depends on how do you define military engagement , how this engagement looks like and most importantly on the overall geopolitical conditions , which have deteriorated evidently in the last decade . 
  ** e.g if you tally the countries the usa is engaged full-scale with massive ground troops , the number is down . 
  ** only stupid or lazy people just look at one indication number and think it can depict a complex reality . 
  you ca n't compare ( not in regards of costsin lives and money , or effectiveness ) any engagement with ground troops with air/drone strikes or military advisers . 
  compare the figures how many civilians were killed by us military during the obama administration with the bush administration or compare the total loss of us military material in combat in dollars ( of course inflation-adjusted ) and soldiers with any us president after the second world war , these key figures give you an excellent overview about the depth of involvements . 
  also obama decreased costs of military spending almost to the level it was before bushs invasions . 
  ( by the way the first decrease of military spending since the 90s ) i 'm not a fan of obama or his policies either and i think us military budget could be decreased a lot more than he did actually , but i really do n't get it why volatile and very impulsive trump should do any better especially when his statements about interventions are so ambiguous that you really ca n't figure out what he actually will do . 
  first of all arm sales have nothing to do with playing the world police there is a huge difference between a moderate policy in regards of geopolitics and outright isolationism in accordance of the monroe doctrine which is historically proven the wrong approach in order to build and maintain a global security system . 
  and even strict isolationist usa of the 1930s sold weapons and military material or resources ( even to very questionable buyers like franco or imperial japan which invades china at that time ) there is definitely a need to be involved in some way in geopolitics if only to balance russia audacity or chinas expansionism . 
  germany is also one of the biggest weapons exporters nevertheless its geopolitical influence and readiness for interventions almost equals zero . 
  so there is sparse correlation between weapon exports and `` playing the world police '' . 
  also trump is very ambiguous about his readiness for intervention because he often claimed if he get voted into office he 'll destroy the islamic state within weeks ( how without military intervention ? 
  ) , also he even said that he would have endorsed a military strike to kill gaddafi . 
  why do you think that the institute of the study of war , which was founded by john m. keane ( who is coincidentally a supervisory board member of general dynamics , one of the largest us arm factories ) criticizes obama for his disengagement policy in iraq and his cooperation efforts with russia in the syrian civil war ? 
  do you think its because obama 's policy is too interventionist for them ? 
  why do you think the pro-israeli washington institute also criticizes obama 's disengagement policy ? 
  because they think the us is ( in their eyes ) still a peacekeeping power in the middle east region and ready to secure israel against its openly hostile neighbors ? 
  why do you think the personal relationship between netanyahu and obama is so bad ? 
  the initiative of the libya military intervention was not launched by the us but france and was an nato intervention and even very limited if you compare it with russia intervention in ukraine or syria , which is ironically the most vocal country to criticize us interventionism whereas it provides recently far more examples for this type of policy especially when it comes to military intervention with ground troops . 
  because of the disengagement in the middle east . 
  just take a look how us think tanks assess his policy , ( democrat , hawkish , liberal , conservative , neo-con , a like ) and you 'll come to the same conclusion . 
  this equation ignores the most important factor which is stability . 
  of course in the short run nuclear deterrence will prevent a full scale war between two powers , but geopolitical stability equals not inner political stability . 
  ( btw i would n't call the cold war period a period of geopolitical stability because of the myriads of proxy wars , and the obvious danger of total global annihilation which was only one misunderstanding away to become a reality ) take a look into the disintegration of the soviet union the failed coup d'etat and the overall chaos of this period which could have easily lead to the loss of nuclear material to players you really do n't want to get their fingers on . 
  more countries with nuclear weapons just means possibilities for terrorist to get nuclear weapons . 
  also nowadays conflicts with geopolitical or even just regional significance are almost exclusivity inner conflicts/civil wars which ca n't be prevented by nuclear deterrence at all . 
  ( syria , iraq , afghanistan , egypt , mexican drug war , somalia , ukraine etc. . . ) so this trump comment is nothing but totally disconnected from reality populist bullshit . 
   trump literally wants the us to stop being the world police , he said multiple times that us should stop interventions in other countries and just let the others handle their problems . 
  so he just wants to continue obama 's policy ? 
  actually the question is : is the reason for the absolut trust in one 's own ability to exactly forecast the future insanity , nativity , vanity , stupidity or just ignorance to reality . 
  ahhhh , that makes sense . 
  how do so many people even know which country is good at water polo ? 
  of course it is never good only to rely on one source , but i do n't understand why you totally dismiss him only because he is a lawyer and just because you do n't agree with his conclusions . 
  there is a huge correlation between international / domestic law and economics therefor , for an better understanding of economic developments its necessary to have a clue about the legal frontiers economy is operating in . 
  the brexit is a complex interdisciplinary topic with so many different dimensions and i do n't think that listen only to specialists of one subject ( which are btw far from united on this topic ) is enough to fully grasp it . 
  and imo this video is really good in order to understand the legal dimension of the single market and the brexit , regardless if you actually agree with his conclusions , it really helps to understand the whole single market legal situation better . 
  its a fucking over 5,000 meter high volcano that 's really amazing . 
  in comparison with the alpes the myriad mountains in the both americas make you realize how small our alpes actually are . 
  now i got an itchy feet thx friends of mexico . 
  also it could be important to catch terrorists alive because if they belong to a cell of more terrorist it may a potential help to dismantle it . 
  it was n't that of tragedy that he fled , because he lost all his explosives so there was no immediat danger . 
  it 's a great thing that people do n't get agitated but annoyed by the incessantly attempts from both sides to influence their opinion . 
  i just finished homage to catalonia i was shocked how little i actually know about the whole conflict . 
  it 's really a good start and i can recommend it , too . 
  sadly there are hardly any historical books about the whole spanish civil war in german . 
  https://www.medienservice.sachsen.de/medien/news/206771 its confirmed by the police, 
  https://www.medienservice.sachsen.de/medien/news/206771 just released . 
  why it 's the same every time . 
  why ca n't you just wait until the police makes a statement ? 
  regardless of someone screaming `` islamism '' or `` right wing terrorism '' just out of of political conviction and without really knowing anything is just stupid . 
  i have to say that the mods are doing an awesome job . 
  they deleting posts about migration in threads that have nothing to do with migration at all . 
  so if you do n't feel like polarizing controversies whether the end of western civilization is near or not , you can easily circumvent the topic by to reading threads that are not connected to this topic . 
  biology is in general very limited in its ability to prove any theory that regards psychological or sociological topics . 
  in fact i think it is impossible to prove anything fully with biology , in regards of the development of human gender roles , sexuality , personality traits or psychological diseases because there are to many factors which could possibly affect any development in to many possible variable degrees . 
  nevertheless psychology and sociology are also sciences and therefore are not inferior to pure natural sciences also i do n't see any difficulties ( quite the opposite tbh ) to talk with students about controversial theories as long as you talk neutrally about the different ** scientific ** point of views . 
  :d just because we ca n't be funny on purpose does n't mean we ca n't be funny at all . 
  how do you think this whole situation will develop in the next 10 years , is there hope for an improvement of the current situation ? 
  what 's your opinion about local and foreign ( that countries which consume all the drugs ) politics doing right/wrong at the moment ? 
  in germany ( and i think in almost all other countries , too ) you can only make use of sperm-bank as a couple to make sure that there is a legal father who is responsible for the child , also you have to sign a contract . 
  so even-though i like your approach ( but not fully agree with it ) its not really a working comparison in order to argue for mensrights of abortion . 
   innocent person legally a fetus is no person in many countries , also human rights watch and the who do n't regard fetuses as persons . 
  because of human failure , there will always be the possibility that a series of unfortunate coincidences lead to conviction of an innocent .
