  if you aim for consistence in how you evaluate life in general than there is the potential that you sacrifice the gender-specific distinct features of abortion and there you create an inconsistency in this topic . 
  also its apparent that the evaluation of abortion highly depends on the individual believe of when human-life starts , its not like that there is an hard scientific evidence , but as your posts has shown the dominance of morals and perspectives . 
  the question therefor is also why should the moral perspective of one group influence the actions of the other group , even-though the second group is the one who has also live with the consequences , which highly effect their lives , how do you justify that one moral conviction ( and therefor subjective perspective or emphasis regardless of how consistent it is ) to dominate the other ? 
  but when you turn it around , the first group only has to live with feeling that something is wrong about what other people are doing , but there is no direct effect on their lives , because they can just relinquish from the possibility to abort and therefor live in consistency with their personal conscience . 
  what the other group is doing is just an offense against their personal ( very subjective ) moral beliefs , without further effect on their lives . 
  its a very complex topic and our discussion is the very proof that it hugely depends on what you value over the other and when you think human-life starts . 
  its like the trolley-problem in which different ethical ways of thinking produce different beliefs of what is the right thing to do . 
   the moral consensus used to be that the old should sacrifice for the young , not the other way around . 
  if it was that way they should n't have any problem with euthanasia . 
  but they have . 
  bad argument . 
  actually it goes both ways , that is why we tend to the elders when they are weak and diseased . 
  so there is no need to allude to the allegedly modern decadence and the decline in values . 
  however it does n't even matter , fetuses have less consciousness than vertebrates they 're life yes as well as bacterial are life but their individuality and personality are just potential whereas the mothers is a reality . 
   the infants have no advocates but us , but we have selfish conflicts of interest in the subject . 
  our lives are easier if we kill them , so it 's easy for us to dismiss the problem . 
  its more complex than that , because it ignores grey areas , like rape or dangers for the mother , to define these matters as selfish is just wrong , self-preservation is not selfish but the most natural thing . 
  its ok , they can see it however they want or hurl labels that make them feel morally superior , but actually it is also the pov of the who . 
  also i do n't feel to much responsibility to make a point for abortion i 'm pro choice yes , but i 'm not really passionate about that , even less on a global scale . 
  imo abortion is a good thing but i 'm no crusader , in germany we have very liberal abortion laws and no relevant party questions them therefor for me this topic is n't as present and controversial as it is in the us . 
  yes i know you 're right , i just could n't resist it was like an friendly invitation to mock . 
  like its a very specific subset of lying to twist medical facts . 
  tbh i 'm not totally aware of the specifics in this case , but if these websites e.g. 
  highly exaggerated the medical risks of abortions , whereas the actual statistics say something totally different its lying which can possibly not fall under freedom of speech because it violates rights of potential patients . 
  consumer protections laws are nothing different companies are not allowed to blatantly lie about their products , why should there be any difference when it comes to medical topics ? 
  it depends . 
  e.g if they 're spread misinformation about the medical facts of abortions ( e.g. 
  exaggerating the dangers ) than its lying . 
  actually there is not, 
  freedom of speech definitely do n't mean you can say everything you want . 
  try it by yourself : tell everyone you know that you boss is a child rapist , if your boss get scent about it he probably will sue you and if there are evidences you 'll get convicted and ofc rightfully so . 
  yes and no , freedom of speech does n't mean you can say whatever you want . 
  in no democracy its legal to spread insulting untrue facts about a person . 
  also there are other aspects in a democracy which narrow freedom of speech like e.g. 
  consumer protection which interdicts companies to lie about their products , that is actually were sensible constraint of freedoms . 
  but ofc some political topics are not that simple that you can apply a binary true false system on them , but its still not true that freedom of speech means you can say whatever you want regardless if it is true or not . 
  a life yes , a person not yet . 
  [ nothings is n't better or worse than anything , nothing is just nothing ] ( https://youtu.be/c4rjz2msvtm?t=1m44s ), 
  yes , really is n't one of the shiniest moments in german history . 
  i also do n't meant that they knew about it the whole time but in the last years of the war there a strong indications that they did . 
  the question is what you define as a nazi . 
  he was 19 when he was captured , therefore he was ideological indoctrinated by youth organisations , there were no free-media in nazi-germany , it was a totalitarian regime , therefor almost no possibility to get a different perspective so he had n't much chance but become a nazi . 
  there is a huge difference between people like him and people who deliberately choose to support the nsdap when they were already adults . 
  also its safe to say that probably every wehrmacht soldier knew about the extent of the holocaust and how it was implemented and to some degree was involved . 
  open discussion and open debate is the answer , not hurling buzzwords like colonialism/imperialism or antisemitism . 
  western have to acknowledge israels need for safety , israelis have to acknowledge that not all criticism is antisemitism with malicious intent , actually this is already happening the younger generations are connected through intercultural exchange and where there is an exchange there is dialogue i do n't share your pessimism . 
  thank you , all the israelis i heard talking about rabin spoke about him with much appreciation and respect . 
  it makes me sad that and extremist deprived you of him . 
  i really hope that there will be peace some day . 
  i had once a long conversation with an israeli in this subreddit , its almost like we have a need to talk to each other and that really is a beautiful thing considering our shared history . 
  personally i think that this includes materialistic support , but i do n't consider it antisemetic or anti-israel if someone thinks that germany should n't deliver weapons to * any * party involved in a conflict . 
  that is nice to hear . 
  for me israel and germany are forever connected and i 'm really fascinated about your country and your history at the moment i read all the books from tom segev in order to understand your history and the whole conflict better , because imo many people tend to have a very strong emotional opinion without actually know much about it . 
  ( i even think its actually not possible for an outsider to totally grasp it , because of its complexity ) however that does n't mean that i blindly endorse all the policies of israel-goverments . 
  what do you think would have happend yitzhak rabin was n't killed ? 
  yes i believe in that . 
  germany has definitely a duty and a responsibility to secure israels right to exist , but the west bank is not a part of israel . 
  i also did n't said that israel is the * bad guy * in the israel-palestine conflict . 
  very sympathetic of you to mock other people because they are not perfect in a foreign language . 
  unless you 're a lawyer specialized on international law ( which is btw . 
  a very complicated field ) its obvious that your * layman opinion * is not based on facts but ideology and emotions , therefor not trustworthy . 
  the term `` occupied territories '' is correct and only israel disputes that . 
   [ the international community considers israeli settlements in the west bank , including east jerusalem , illegal under international law , though israel disputes this . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] the international court of justice advisory ruling ( 2004 ) concluded that events that came after the 1967 occupation of the west bank by israel , including the jerusalem law , israel 's peace treaty with jordan and the oslo accords , did not change the status of the west bank ( including east jerusalem ) as occupied territory with israel as the occupying power . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_bank ), 
  the westbank settlement definitely not belongs to israel rightfully . 
  the united nations partition plan for palestine marked it as arab-territory , it was illegally occupied by jordan and later conquered by israel and that does n't changed the occupation status , but only the occupant . 
  that 's why is it occupied territory . 
  wiki :  the international court of justice advisory ruling ( 2004 ) concluded that events that came after the 1967 occupation of the west bank by israel , including the jerusalem law , israel 's peace treaty with jordan and the oslo accords , did not change the status of the west bank ( including east jerusalem ) as occupied territory with israel as the occupying power . 
   democratic process and institutions the institutions of the eu , which are responsible for that are democratic institutions . 
   they do n't `` jewify '' food well that 's a very emotional term . 
   it said labelling goods simply as `` from the west bank '' or `` from golan heights '' without providing more details is `` not acceptable '' . 
  instead goods must be clearly marked as coming from an `` israeli settlement , '' when that is the case , to avoid `` the risk of misleading the consumer '' . 
  your other arguments are just a question of interpretation , because that just depends on the point of view . 
  is it xenophobic ? 
  actually the westbank is not a part of israel . 
  imo you could also interpret it as * sanctions light * i do n't think that the population gets mobilized but the opportunity to decide by themselves its not like that there is a assessment on the products if they ethical `` ok '' to buy . 
  i think that these laws are operating in a gray area ofc deliberately . 
  for me it is more the fact that these regulations apparently do n't exist for other disputed territories and that is what makes it imo probably antisemitic or gives it at least an antisemtic dimension but its complicated . 
  even-though that is mostly true , its also a fact that sanctions are [ still a political means ] ( http://www.gtai.de/gtai/navigation/de/trade/maerkte/dossiers/russland-sanktionen.html ) , therefor your initial statement  criticising illegal settlements by politicising food is . 
  is incorrect . 
  unless you can tell me why sanction israel ( btw . 
  very specific ) is antisemetic whereas sanction russia is not anti-russian ( in a rascist definition of the term ) . 
  even if it is antisemitic ( which it is imo probably ) the reason you gave is wrong . 
  actually the whole idea about sanctions is that economy has the potential purpose to criticize a nation . 
  all countries * politicizing * economic goods ( e.g. 
  food ) all the time , therefor regardless of my personal opinion your argument is wrong . 
  however i totally i agree on your last point . 
  there is a disadvantage of being a democracy and being part of the western world , which is that other nations will judge you super critical when there is the slightest indication of disrespecting international law , however this tendency is even inflated when it comes to israel . 
  and of course its hyper - and hypocritical , that even-tough the israeli-palestine conflict , relatively tiny in its scale and geopolitical significance gets so much unproportional attention of western people and governments and of course there is still much antisemitism , which often disguises itself as israel-criticism and as a german , i totally understand your sensitivity towards these topics . 
  but imo its often hard to distinguish what is actually the reasons for this wariness towards israel ofc antisemitism plays its role but its also a fact that `` do n't tell because of our past and the thing you have done to us '' is n't how democratic nations should debate and in general repel any criticism regardless of its intention . 
  but i also understand that its a thin line especially when you are geographically part of an unstable area surrounded by nations , which do n't even acknowledge your right to exist . 
  but what i can tell you for sure is that this argument will wear out totally some day and then you have to refute these voices in an open debate . 
  but an actual antisemit would just boycott israeli-products in general which he already could because of the `` made in israel '' label . 
   a product made in a settled territory is made respecting israeli law of quality and control . 
  that is all a consumer is interested to know . 
  but its not made in israel , therefor it does n't matter, 
  but when there is something about israel you can criticize rightfully so even as an israel supporter , than its the westbank settlements and how the israel government was totally passiv , when it was claimed by religious-lunatics just because eretz israel was bigger in the tora than the actual one . 
  ok then i 'm convinced , who could possibly resist this sensible argument ? 
  and who need facts , facts are for losers .
