  [ 200 ] he visited israel in 2014 to express his support , and in 2016 signed into law a bill which would ban indiana from having any commercial dealings with a company that boycotts israel . 
  [ 201 ] he opposes a palestinian state . 
  [ 202 ] pence criticized russian president vladimir putin and barack obama 's alleged weak leadership , saying : `` when donald trump and i observe that , as i 've said in syria , in iran , in ukraine , that the small and bullying leader of russia has been stronger on the world stage than this administration , that 's stating painful facts . 
  that 's not an endorsement of vladimir putin . 
  that 's an indictment of the weak and feckless leadership . 
  '' [ 203 ] two weeks prior to the nato intervention in libya , pence thanked the obama administration and secretary of state hillary clinton for their efforts to isolate the gaddafi regime . 
  [ 204 ] [ 205 ] [ 206 ] pence expressed support for `` a no-fly zone '' and stated that `` gaddafi must go . 
  somebody should tell his grandson that his grandpa writting stuff on reddit , which is n't good for his blood-pressure . 
  fell free to remind us as often as you like , just do n't do the hitler salute when you 're germany , if you do n't want to face legal persecution , thank you . 
  cute , 
  but what about ... * sigh *, 
  so cute that france wants us to be in the same geographical region . 
  but we really are central , we still love you , though . 
  without ostpolitik reunification and integration of central european countries like poland would n't have been possible , maybe it did n't deviced the outcome of the cold war but it influened it defintely . 
  also reagans approach towards russia had a diplomatic dimension , just look at the treaties he made with russia . 
  when you start to masturbate in front of the reichstag for everyone to see you 'll get arrested as well . 
  i agree with you on sauerkraut , it totally overrated :p but still its illegal in germany not to order food you do n't like . 
  i do n't even know what libertarians are and his comments give me the feeling that i probably do n't want to know . ^ ^, 
  you confuse reddit with the youtube comment section m8, 
  lol, 
  we can drink publicly i prefer that over being legally able to do the hitler salutes . 
   you have bigger issues to deal with , and you can deal with those issues without taking morally ambiguous steps to impose your will on others and violate their rights . 
  simply not yours to decide dude . 
  i think us gun laws , the fact that you elected a retard and the death sentence are very stupid , still i would n't tell any us citizen that they have to change it . 
  there is a difference between discussing something and have one 's own opinions and tell people from different cultures what to do . 
  however even assad biggest ally russia supports the kurds , also the saa is not really at war with the kurds . 
  ironically the kurds gave territory to assad to prevent turkish backed rebels from attack , basically even assad is a human shield for the kurds , same is true for the russians . 
  i thought there were n't any russians involved in this conflict at all , just tourists who by coincident are or were part of the russian military forces and prefer the more adventures kind of long-term vacation, 
  well the frg perused [ an appeasement politic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ostpolitik ) towards the gdr in particular and towards the soviet union in general . 
  there is no love for iran , however an iran that is only capable to acquire an atomic arsenal by breaking an international contract ( no secrecy possible here since they have to forbid iaea observers to enter their facilities ) is better than an iran that is capable to build an atomic arsenal within 3 month ( without any assurance and control over iran 's willingness to keep it that way ) . 
  in a worst case scenario of regional escalation , an one year time frame obviously offers better strategically options than a 3 month or a few weeks long time-frame has to offer . 
  because when iran really decides to push it capability towards a time obstacle of less than a month , there is nothing but military intervention that you prevent a possible use of an atomic weapon . 
  well then the us should either appease or at least diplomatically contain iran or asap bring boots back on iraqi soil , because atm there is a huge possibility that the iraq invasion and the support for syrian rebels actually did nothing but promote iranian influence in the region . 
  germany minimum wage is 8,84 euro ( = 10,40 usd ), 
  well then you should ask russia and not germany for compensation . 
   [ following the reichstag fire ( 27 february 1933 ) , the nazis began to suspend civil liberties and eliminate political opposition . 
  the communists were excluded from the reichstag . 
  at the march 1933 elections , again no single party secured a majority . 
  hitler required the vote of the centre party and conservatives in the reichstag to obtain the powers he desired he called on reichstag members to vote for the enabling act on 24 march 1933 . 
  hitler was granted plenary powers `` temporarily '' by the passage of the act . 
  the law gave him the freedom to act without parliamentary consent and even without constitutional limitations . 
  employing his characteristic mix of negotiation and intimidation , hitler offered the possibility of friendly co-operation , promising not to threaten the reichstag , the president , the states or the churches if granted the emergency powers . 
  with nazi paramilitary encircling the building , he said : `` it is for you , gentlemen of the reichstag to decide between war and peace '' . 
  the centre party , having obtained promises of non-interference in religion , joined with conservatives in voting for the act ( only the social democrats voted against ) . ], 
   [ the reichstag fire decree suspended most civil liberties in germany , including ** habeas corpus , freedom of expression , freedom of the press , the right of free association and public assembly , the secrecy of the post and telephone . 
  ** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichstag_fire#political_consequences ), 
  why there are more single parents in britain , that there are in germany and france than ? 
  simply because reasons for single parenthood and failed marriage are more complex than you suggest . 
  that 's just an exaggeration , because a relationship should n't be held together my a moral imperative , but mutual trust between the individuals involved . 
  also its not necessarily true and probably also hard to determine ( since there are a lot of factors at play ) wehter , an inclinations towards a moral view in a society regarding fidelity actually leads to less failed marriages or not . 
  ( * gb has actually a higher percentage of single parents than france and germany btw . * ) . 
  i still would prefer your scenario ( eventhough it really is n't that easy ) over a scenario where people are shamed publicly for mistakes they made in their private lives . 
  the question is what morality in the context of a relationship even means . 
  morality always implies that it is a matter that concern society as a whole , but i could n't care less . 
  sure its a shitty move , but not my concern . 
  and certainly no moral issue . 
  do n't forget about the chinese and how planned economy and maos ambitions caused one of the most ( probably even the most ) devastating famine in human history . 
  killing between 20 and 43 million people . 
  [ sure ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2017/06/26/u-s-image-suffers-as-publics-around-world-question-trumps-leadership/ ), 
   or canada is ( btw canada was on the verge of splitting like just 22 years ago ? ), 
  even many successful succession movements would n't translate into more instability . 
  if a country would decided to split itself up in different new entities , it still could be a sustainable country in the very year the succession is scheduled , because an orderly splitting ( as a result of a widely accepted referendum ) with a peaceful transition of power and continued cooperation between these new entities and without any meddling of foreign powers in the process would n't change much regarding this very ranking . 
  because a country does n't suddenly become fragile or even a failed state just because of a separation . 
  however fragile countries tend to be much more vulnerable of ( involuntary ) separation . 
  but ofc anything that does n't rank the us at # 1 must be propaganda . 
  now iron maiden has to write a brexit song . 
  i only know it because literally every polish guy who lives in germany comes from katowice , apparently its not that beautiful . 
  in fact last time a left-wing guy ( [ benno ohnesorg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benno_ohnesorg ) ) was shot it lead to the [ raf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction ) and two decades of left-wing terrorism . 
  to call this the reason is more speculating than anything else , she met them in 2013 . 
  it makes a nice story , but there are no hard facts , like a statement about merkel why she actually changed her stance , that clarifies her actual intentions and reasons . 
   lol at the victim blaming . 
  it 's their fault for visiting poland . 
  not only visiting poland but to educate themselves about a very important topic , that still is denied ever happend by a considerable amount of muslims . 
   based on a sample of * 79 subjects aged between 30 years and 63 * years who took both tests in 2008 -- 2009 . 
  next time they should pick 5 school dropouts and compare their results with 5 graduates who took the test 10 years ago , then they could even ` proof ' a decline of 20 or more . 
  i 'm disappointed of their lack of vision . 
  criticizing is one thing , spiting someone in his face another . 
  wars , genocides , starvation , there are plenty of reasons . 
  [ haha that 's ridiculous . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_europe ), 
  also around 20 % of israels population are muslims . 
  nah oberstufe is from the 11th to 13th class at least that 's how it is in thuringia . 
  i do it , regardless of my believes , because you ca n't trust anything you read on the internet , if you do then you are really beyond remedy , sorry . 
  also since when can you trust specific forums ? 
  its not like that you have to confirm you identity to post there , trolls are everywhere . 
  if you think otherwise then you 're also beyond remedy . 
  btw to ` check ' this source would have been a 20 seconds ` effort ' , just copy paste the imagur link to google et voila you will find this exact post . 
  if you want to go 100 % sure just google qingdao and compare the buildings , then we still are below 1 minute . 
  nah , it depends on how far-right these right-wingers stand . 
  sry but just to believe anything that is in accordance with its owns political believes in fact is very immature . 
  to check and double check sources is something you should always do regardless of your political stance . 
  do n't even try to give a good account of him , we wo n't take him . 
  keep him !, 
  we germans might be as rude and as humorless as him , but at least we finally came over the building walls thingy . 
   not that it would be much of an loss in this incident but it is neverless a slippery slope we are walking here , which could lead to a less free society i agree 100 % . 
  the german approach towards freedom of speech definitely creates an area of tension between security and liberty and that is fine as long this tension exists , however if this tension gets eliminated in favor of security we definitely have a problem . 
  is actually the relevant part , imo its a grey area and covered by free-speech , but the article does n't say anything about an actual conviction , courts not the police determines wehter it is actually incitement of the people or not . 
  that guy : `` i tell you for the last time i 'm not dead ! '', 
  greek official : `` proof it then ! '', 
  that guy : `` i 'm standing here and talking to you right now ! '',
