  also every system can fail even authoritarian ones . 
  the russian monarchy lead to communism . 
  but can you blame monarchism directly for formation of real socialism ? 
  but actually there are more accurate examples for extremist ideological democrats which perverted democratic ideals to a dystopian regime out of conviction . 
  an excellent example is maximilien de robespierre . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not embracing the idea of uncontrolled refugee influx and i think people have the right to be concerned . 
  but i do n't get it why it is necessary to get a personal pleasure out of a calamity . 
  i can laugh about your joke and i appreciate your humorous approach . 
  but i 'm sick of this self-righteousness of some people just waiting now for over a year to write `` told you so '' under a article of a terrorist attack that happend in germany . 
  tagesthemen . 
  the late night news show of ard the public-sector broadcaster . 
  http://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/livestreams/index.html you can skip back, 
  perpetrator was an 17 y.o. 
  ok the perpetrator was afghane, 
  i did n't heard of that and did ' t meant this very case . 
  but your example is more current and therefore even better . 
  it is not yet possible to assess if this actually was terrorism . 
  i remember that there was a similar case a few years ago somebody attacked randomly people with a knife . 
  but it was no terrorism but rampage of a mad man . 
  to celebrate the victory of a fascist ? 
  the difference between the judicial system of the us and most european states is that the us system wants to punish and deter whereas the european system aims mainly for reintegration in society if possible . 
  both approaches have their very own flaws . 
  but as a german i 'm in favor of reintegration approach especially regarding drug crimes , actually i think it is more or less evident that the us system fails when it comes to drug crimes . 
  but of course you are right in a way , too . 
  my gut instinct screams at me `` this is unjust , this is not enough '' . 
  but actually to listen to one 's gut instinct is not in every case sensible and on the long run wholesome for a society . 
  in addition you ca n't proof it that they actually killed them so you ca n't punish them for something they have possibly done . 
  firstly there was no genocide of jewish people by arabs in this region during the formation of israel . 
  and i do n't say nothing about a hebrew version of any genocide but the hebrew version regarding the historical events that lead to the foundation of israel . 
  do n't twist my words please . 
  and also it is geh `` nach '' drau\u00dfen bitte . 
  also i acknowledge israel existence as you can read in the comments above . 
  there is no point for both of us to just repeat our arguments . 
  i agree to disagree . 
  this is the very narrativ , israel legitimates itself with . 
  every state has a foundation myth . 
  but foundation myths are not true in a objective scientific way . 
  i accept israels point of view , but do n't try to fool with objectivity . 
  for israelis this is truth and i acknowledge that , but there is also an arab perspective on these historical events . 
  on the jewish and western point of view of course . 
  on the arab point of view definitively not . 
  and in consideration of international relationships and long-term stability of the region not so much . 
  was a jewish state necessary ? 
  of course it was . 
  was it sensible to allow its formation it this region ? 
  surely not . 
  can you change anything today ? 
  no you ca n't , the younger israeli generations are now as native as arabs in this region . 
  if you not acknowledge their rights just because of the history of their fathers and grandfathers you mistreat reality . 
  it 's odd indeed . 
  if you do a coup d'etat and you want to do it right you must acknowledge the necessity that you at least detain the most important figures of the regime you want to topple . 
  the tactic to execute the coup at the very moment the most important person is not within your range is not a very sensible idea , especially when all the possible advantages are nullified by the wonders of modern communication . 
  not very surprising taken the fact that she take anything regarding everything very serious . 
  she complained about watch dogs because it is not possible to call the police but you have to use vigilant justice instead to stop violence against women and therefore it perpetuates gender cliches because it portrays women as victims ... come on . 
  i do n't know . 
  but probably he thought : `` fool me once , shame on -- shame on you . 
  fool me , you ca n't get fooled again '' after he discovered that wmds were not found in iraq . 
  you are totally right but the problem is who 'll fight against is ? 
  the obama administration is not very inclined to intervene in any conflict with ground troops and i do n't think that we 'll see a change during clinton 's period in office . 
  for sure the likelihood for an intervention is higher with trump in office , but he can also turn out an arsonist . 
  and the european states ? 
  i can tell you for sure that germany will never intervene in any ( civil - ) war that is as chaotic and on such a large scale as the syrian civil war is . 
  furthermore with any intervention there is the possibility of a confrontation with russia , turkey and iran . 
  syria is a hornets nest and nobody wants to get stung . 
  firstly it is not yet possible to assess if its useful or useless without any test . 
  different lawyers , judges and attorney have different opinions about its usefulness regarding its legal purposes only , so it 's not as obvious as brazzy42 is trying to imply to assess this change as useless . 
  secondly a law goes imo beyond legal implementation , but also has a signal effect to victims , potential or actual ones . 
  brazzy42 may call this symbolic politics , but he is using this phrase with a negativ connotation and so he is implying this whole law is hollow , because it is just symbolic politics . 
  but symbolic politic is not useless . 
  in fact in politics a lot is actually about symbols and signals . 
  this whole phrase `` its just symbolic politics '' is imo more potential harmful than any actual symbolic politics . 
  thank you for this specification . 
  but i do n't agree with you when it comes to your assessment . 
  actually every catchphrase is , because the nature of a catchphrase is to oversimplify a far more complex reality . 
  but in imo the implementation of this law was long overdue . 
  if the victim did n't try to fight back the rape attempt it was n't rape legally . 
  ok your explanations are more elaborated and very sensible and now i feel stupid . 
  thank you for your effort , 
  i think there is a certain feeling of loss and acrimony that still determines the worldview of many older british people and this feeling is caused by the loss of gb geopolitical importance after ww2 , despite their sufferings , hardships and sacrifices and despite the fact gb fought for a noble purpose . 
  i think this is still relevant in order to understand gb relation to foreign affairs . 
  they miss their empire and farage made use of that fact . 
  you are right that this term is indeed racist . 
  but you are also generalizing . 
  just because some people use it , despite its racist connotation , does n't mean that all european use it or even agree with the use of it . 
  in fact i never heard of it before and tbh it does n't sound like a term i want to integrate in my active vocabulary . 
  merci bien for that clarification , 
  at least this is not the fault of a collective as a whole , but just of one asshole . 
  rightfully so you do n't forgive him , all the more because he never apologized , but i wonder what the german people have to do with that . 
  i hope we 'll see you already in two years again on a even bigger stage , 
  do n't worry you still are . 
  not flawless anymore but 1:8 is still a awfully bad ratio . 
  `` fromage not farage '' they really mean it . 
  i do n't think its same one like the one lebanon . 
  hezbollah is just a term for a shia political movement or political party as far as i know . 
  there is also a hezbollah in iraq and one in iran . 
  of course you are right . 
  i never argued that it is not possible to improve a educational system and to adapt it to modern needs what is in some cases truly necessary . 
  you mentioned the obesity epidemic what is a very good example for what modern education should aim to prevent with teaching knowledge about diet . 
  i just wanted to point out that the problems of a society are complex and have many causes .
