  pretty much everyone i know who was in military service at least `` stole '' a single bullet as a souvenir , dummy ammunition and real one . 
  some of them ( especially the older ones ) even have smoke grenades and stuff like that . 
  i have no problem with that at all , they are rightfully yours , but its not like that the german state has a secret hideout , where we hide them from you guys . 
  they have to be located first before germany can give them back , because many were given to nazi officials and it uncertain what happend to them . 
  also please keep in mind that some of it resurfaced in soviet museums , so its a little bit more complex . 
  i wonder how many brain-cells were lost in this practice process . 
  it becomes definitively similarly endangering if these trend causes vaccination rates that allow certain diseases to become present again . 
  it also not just about the life of their child , its about the life of people who ca n't be vaccinated like newborns and young children . 
  its just irresponsable as hell , because as an adult you can get infected without much harm to yourself but potential deadly consequences for young children . 
  also some diseases are contained because of high vaccination rates , therefore vaccination protects unvaccinated groups like younger children , but if the vaccination rates drop to low , they will spread again . 
  if religious believes have an impact on the health of the society as a whole , these religious believes do n't mean shit . 
  its as immoral to say as that the use of condoms is a sin , but even worse because it directly interferes with other people and lives in danger , that is just a biological / medical fact . 
  sure you can argue that not all vaccinations are actual necessary , but some are just unarguable essential for survival . 
   they obviously opress and ** probably ** kill gay men, 
  i read it with pleasure , you should write a book or something . 
  she must have felt like she would never become a real dutchwoman . 
  in germany there is an old saying : wer trinkt kann auch arbeiten - who can drink , can also work . 
  since europeans have their first intoxication , with 12 years we have to start to work early . 
  i 'm just polite i thought she has a right to know what we 're talking about, 
  she is almost deaf you have to yell , otherwise she wo n't understand you, 
  same in germany , younger generations have to decide either they want to become german or turkish citizen , whereas older generations still hold dual citizenship . 
  also to obtain dual citizenship is still possible in germany in specific cases . 
  yeah sure the us is to blame , because saddam was a stabilizing factor for the region . 
  / s tell me what they actually made worse ? 
  sure the iraq war was unnecessary and did n't stabilized the region , but on the other hand you ca n't really say that it is the main factor for the instability in the region , it was there way before and became worse after the arab spring , which was not necessarily a direct consequence of the iraq-invasion . 
  compare saddam 's ba'athist iraq with assads ba'athist syria and you 'll find many parallels . 
  saddam a sunni dictator over a shia majority - assad a shia dicator over a sunni majority , but add to the iraqi dimension a huge kurdish minority , which faced harder suppression then their syrian counterparts . 
  indeed the situation is quite complex and there is definitely wrong doing of the israeli government regarding the settlements , which are unlawfully under international law . 
  nevertheless its understandable that most of the israelis see no good reason to dismantle the israeli settlement in the westbank , given the fact that the disengagement from gaza just gave rise to power to hamas , a radical islamist party with relentless contempt for the jewish state . 
  its not like that the palestinians are exclusively in the role of a victim , in fact it was them who did n't accepted the partition resolution in 1947 and not the israelis , the occupation of the westbank , gaza and the sinai peninsula during the war of 1967 was also lawfully , whereas the tolerance of the israeli government of settlement in these occupied territories was definitely unlawful and its just an unfortunate coincidence that they still exist . 
  sharon would have lead israel toward disengagement , if he would n't have suffered a stroke . 
  also there are political israeli parties who really want the two-state . 
  it does n't matter how much he 's straw manning ( like he always does ) , insults are inappropriate . 
  its called [ totalitarianism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/totalitarianism ), 
  he gathered to much hate , because of the iraq war . 
  i do n't think the brits want him back . 
  til thanks for the input . 
   once they entered the republic of turkey , they were immediately on safe ground and in a country with the same religion and similar culture to theirs . 
  well ask the kurds ( especially ) , the yazidi or even shias if they feel safe in turkey , they would say no and rightfully so , also i would n't consider turkey a stable country anymore , e.g. 
  the coup d'etat , which was only a climax of a development , there is huge potential of spillovers from the iraq and syrian civil war ( this fact was given even before the coup attempt ) , also turkey faces islamist danger as well as an uprising of the kurds , btw there are turks who are applying for asylum and are likely to get in granted , because they are politically prosecuted . 
  also : the huge majority of refugees actually seek asylum in neighboring countries , e.g. 
  libanon welcomed 1,000,000 new refugees ( equals 1/6 of its own population and they have even more people with refugee status from earlier conflicts over 2,000,000 people live with refugee status in libanon ) , turkey welcomed 3,000,000 more than any european country , jordan 1,400,000 ( by a population of only 9,400,000 ) . 
  except for turkey these countries are way over their capacities . 
  and even turkey is on its limits . 
   my question is this : why did these people decide to leave the republic of turkey , to go to greece ? 
  were their lives in danger there ? 
  in a place where tourists go ? 
  places where tourists go are usually safe . 
  and keep in mind that they started leaving the republic of turkey before the coup attempt , so that was n't a factor . 
  the reason are numerous , ofc many also seek a better life ( economically spoken ) and properly there are many who not necessarily have to come to europe , but again that is not how asylum works , just check out how the german asylum law works . 
  mainly they come to europe because they had the possibility simple is that . 
  personally if i would have been forced to leave my country and i have the possibility i would seek refuge in a stable , wealth country were minorities have rights , i would try to make the best out of the shitty situation , its one of the basic characteristics of the human race . 
  i mean sure you can have a very critical stance towards asylum seekers or asylum in general . 
  but tell me since when asylum was limited towards direct neighboring-countries ? 
  its not like the us bordered ireland , nevertheless it welcomed the irish during the great famine . 
  also there were migration towards the us during the 3rd reich from all over europe . 
  there are a lot of real arguments against the high numbers , but that they are originate from countries which do n't border germany directly is n't one of them . 
   suspicious opinion of the german nation so those comments would be taken seriously and not as a joke seems like a quite redundant thing to say , if you take a critical stance its obvious you always will ( mis ) interpret even the most innocent the worst possible way . 
  in some cases it 's probably even straw manning . 
  i guess you know what that means , because of the myriads of instances israel is misrepresented . 
  also i know that this is n't generally true , there are lot of jews , who come to berlin nowadays . 
  it was a joke in the first place , its an ironical joke about our past and the cliche of german warmonger , which is n't quite current anymore . 
  its ok when you 're offended by it , but in my opinion jokes are the best possible way to deal with difficult subjects . 
  that 's what i always do . 
  i do n't really try to understand complex political coherences anymore , i just look into / r/europe and look for the political stance most people contempt there and out of defiance i vote for it . 
  when you use the term war-criminal in this context , you have to label many incidents of us foreign policy as war-criminal in nature , its not like that kissinger was the only one who supported coups and military and secret actions against democratic elected adversaries or vise versa supported cruel regimes against eligible revolutionary moments , ( and probably some involvements never came to light ) , especially in latin america and the middle east . 
  if you bring classic morality into consideration its obvious that there is no option but to condemn these polices , but on the other hand ( sadly ) you ca n't be a relevant factor in geopolitics , when your maxim aims to act ( only ) ethical and `` fair '' , that is the main-reason why the eu is pretty much sidelined in the syrian civil war , whereas russia creates precedents, 
  it 's still great how the left soldier ca n't stay serious and have a laughing fit ;d, 
  but russia and turkey have contrary interests in the syrian civil war in which they are both involved with ground forces . 
  just wait what will happen , when turkey intensifies its bombings of kurdish regions in syria , they wo n't make any friends neither in russia nor in the west , also yesterday they accidentally bombed iraqi-kurdish peschmerga fighters ( one of the few kurds who are actually quite indifferent to turkey ) and also pissed off iraq because they were violating its airspace . 
  its seems like turkey does n't make many new friends nowadays . 
  translation pls :d, 
   i think i also sometimes like writing those overly extensive near-monologues to sort my own thoughts at a thematic , putting an idea against others remarks . 
  internet is pretty useful for that . 
  haha i can relate to that . 
  so thanks for friendly encounter , 
   i guess my first answer was a bit aggressive , which was uncalled for , sorry for that . 
  the simplicism , that i often hear about complex , ugly thematics as that , just frustrates me a bit . 
  its ok , ofc i was a little bit simplistic , but i wanted to express my admiration for the italian resistance and not to make an comprehensive analysis of the time , but i really appreciated the effort you put into explain your point of view , 
  of course totalitarianism has its ( gruesome ) ways to keep people in line , i do n't question this at all . 
  also i really think that there is a some kind of a relativity of guilt , given the circumstances of the time , which consisted out of indoctrination ( since early childhood and therefore for the young generation also no independent education ) , no accessibility to free media and an effective propaganda machine , that let people actually believe that they are were doing the right thing . 
  but nevertheless lack of illusions is important here , all this does n't change the fact the there was no effective german resistance ( which makes me sad ) and that 's all i said . 
  i think we actually found a consensus . 
  same article  * the german resistance consisted of small and usually isolated groups . 
  they were unable to mobilize political opposition . 
  * save for individual attacks on nazis ( including hitler ) or sabotage acts , the only real strategy was to persuade leaders of the wehrmacht to stage a coup against the regime : the 1944 assassination attempt against hitler was intended to trigger such a coup . 
  german r\u00e9sistance sadly was political irrelevant , because hitlers regime was never endangered by a considerable amount of opponents . 
  this is particular true for the last months of the war , even-though it was already obvious that the war ca n't be won anymore . 
  i recommend you to read [ the end by ian kershaw ] ( https://www.amazon.de/end-germany-1944-45-ian-kershaw/dp/0141014210/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1493118993&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+end+ian+kershaw ), 
  absolutely right , at least you guys get rid of your fascist dictator yourself , we allowed our to fight a useless war till the bitter end with so many useless deaths . 
  german resistance was more or less political irrelevant . 
  in fact the nsdap also started their takeover of power with democratic means , so there is no general legitimization of democratic results in the very case when the voted majority aims to dismantle the very system that brought them into power and exchange it with a dictatorial one . 
  ( just look at turkey ) also protests are part of a democratic process , whereas violence is not . 
  what happend ? 
  i 'm awfully unaware of iceland 's history during the second world war . 
  what makes you so sure about that ? 
  i mean short of your gut feeling ? 
  there are actually a lot of cases where attempted murder was punished with lifelong prison sentences also there is a coincidence with `` herbei f\u00fchren einer sprengstoff explosion '' which will add several years to his punishment . 
   it was 20 x attempted murder i think it relatively likely that he wo n't reduce it . 
  besides you seemed to complain about the law in general so you should n't be surprised that i made a statement about the law regarding this case ...
