not really , they 're perceived so by some because of cultural complexes . 
   i do n't have examples to hand the layman discussion of finnish politics in a nutshell . 
  he studied for his master 's degree in belgium , that 's probably why . 
  whatever , as a kid i used to suck too . 
  a lot of kids can be assholes , anyone who 's been around them can testify to that . 
  that does n't mean people do n't change . 
  it 's disingenuous to rate him now according to what he was like in middle school . 
  to me , he 's done a good job . 
  sure , the former prime minister stepped down , but alexander stubb would have aimed for that position sooner or later anyway . 
  i feel a lot of animosity towards him is because he 's not very `` finnish '' , he 's eurocentric , highly educated , fluent in many languages , looks `` swedish '' and so on . 
  in reality he does what he 's supposed to do and does it well . 
  just as easy to look at medical classifications , they 're entered into law ( well their position in society is ) just as legalization issues are . 
  acceptance is different from classification as mental illness judicially speaking . 
  there are laws regarding medical classifications and what that entails to the person . 
  it is something that can be measured . 
  acceptance is different , it 's just an opinion and it 's subjective . 
  medical classifications are n't . 
  one thing to consider though : while legalization was one thing , homosexuality was still classified as a mental illness for far longer in some places which meant that while you were not necessarily jailed , you could be very effectively hindered in society if word ever got out . 
  it could legally affect your employment , rights , and living overall . 
  sweden is one such example , where homosexuality was legalized in 1944 but homosexuals were regarded as mentally ill until 1979 . 
  there is probably more to it than just looking at when legalization occurred . 
  that 's one thing that annoys me though , our inability to incorporate anything foreign sounding . 
  we always have to make it `` finnish '' , from translating hit songs in the seventies to business and technical terminology today . 
  i have a theory that it 's part of the mindset that makes us unable to evolve at the same pace , never mind faster , than other cultures . 
  it most certainly explains why we are so piss poor at languages and it 's most certainly a part of our xenophobia , two pretty detrimental traits in the globalized society of today . 
  here we go again with the circlejerk , ffs ... even atheists pretty much agree that christianity spread a lot of decent values back in the day . 
  either way , this is not the subreddit for this discussion . 
  amon-\u00e5 would be `` the river of amon '' if translated to english . 
  that 's the thing tough , unemployment is rising and is not coming down anytime soon . 
  we 're in the one of the worst shapes in europe at the moment because we did n't bottom out back when the others did . 
  yeah , it 's the innermost partial ring road around the helsinki center area . 
  prices are getting feverishly high , still people keep on buying . 
  prices are getting close to financial hub prices but salaries are nowhere near those in finland . 
   i 'm guessing that most of finns will be able to pay theirs . 
  meanwhile , on the inside of keh\u00e4 i. . . 
  skill and investment is a shitty overall metric for society , because it does n't say anything about anything else than your personal situation . 
  taxes are n't about you , they 're about society . 
  to look at personal work contribution as the only factor for a functioning society does n't work . 
  it 's not worth anything if nobody pays you , and you 're not getting paid if nobody can afford it . 
  when you graduate , why wo n't you be paid a similar salary in estonia as you would be in the states ? 
  because nobody can afford it . 
  why ? 
  because there 's less money in the system . 
  why ? 
  because there 's nowhere near as much consumption going on in estonia as there is in the states . 
  money begets money . 
   if you are not willing to put in the effort to improve your own life and help yourself , why should others do it for you ? 
  it 's extremely seldom that it 's a question about effort . 
  people do n't actually want to stay poor . 
  i have never met a person who actually wants to be poor . 
  i 've met people who * say * that it 's awesome , that jobs suck etc. 
  but what are they supposed to do , tell you their sob story and their history they 're most probably ashamed of ? 
  it 's a question of background , health , genetics , role models , what have you . 
  we are not born equal . 
  i often tend to sense the same hostility towards equality from people from former soviet countries . 
  i can understand why this is , but they tend to throw out the baby with the bathwater . 
  you take care of them , so that they can be better productive members of society . 
  so that they consume . 
  and most importantly , so that the next generation wo n't have the same problems . 
  you break the trend . 
  a successful society does n't think `` how much can i get out of this * right now * '' , a successful society thinks a few generations ahead . 
  your idea of consumption does n't really work out as you think it does . 
  i urge you to check out the documentary `` inequality for all '' - it 's made and narrated by former u.s. labor secretary robert reich , compiled from a bunch of harward business lectures . 
  a swede defending a norwegian , well i 'll be damned ... , 
   let 's say i invest years of my life to get a higher education , take big risks and work my way up to earn a relatively high salary . 
  you do this because you are motivated by more demanding tasks and/or to get a comfier job , better health and a longer life expectancy . 
   another person quits after middle school , does n't work or works very easy jobs and , in general , contributes considerably less to the economy . 
  menial jobs are seldom easy , health prospects are lower and life expectancy shorter . 
  also , they work all the time paying taxes while you study . 
  by the time you enter the workforce , they have already paid a handsome sum in upkeep while all you have at that point is * potential * to contribute . 
  it 's a fairly redundant point of view anyhow . 
  the important thing is to keeping the overall society rolling . 
  low - to low-middle income households spend more of their income than high earning households , who tend to save part of their money - thus contributing very little to society . 
  if you punish low income households by taxing them too much they do n't consume . 
  if they do n't consume , company profits drop , leading to jobs being cut , leading to less people earning , less people consuming , starting a vicious cycle . 
  basically we want an overall high consumption or else it will start to suck for the vast majority of people . 
  a progressive tax is equal , everybody has the best prospects to consume - especially the households that tend to consume the most . 
  a flat rate gives a high earner more money to save , but that is n't favorable for society as a whole . 
  a flat tax is what you would want , a progressive tax is what society needs . 
  [ the p is an upside down , backwards d ? 
   `` pure and genuine '' intercourse is not a view i have ever encountered by proponents of the laws . 
  probably because that 's a political landmine and thus avoided , but that does n't mean that there are n't latent sexual connotations to the legislation . 
  or flip it upside down - ca n't make good money selling myself because nobody 's allowed to buy . 
  guess i 'll just have to do it where the law ca n't see the buyers , what could possibly go wrong ? 
   better than having to read subtitles all the time if you english is n't great . 
  that 's the point , it wo n't stay that way . 
  says the greek , 
  too late , you 're in the eu now !, 
  according to the hungarian far-right , there are no beardless women here , deal with it !, 
  i believe it was a little bit of both . 
  the esc is a celebration of acceptance and tolerance to begin with so wurst fitted that message very well . 
  however , the song was universally liked too . 
  an act that fitted the show very well , in combination with an above average song resulted in an act many remembered to vote for . 
  glass trap is actually a pretty good `` translated '' name for that movie , or a good name for any movie . 
  i think the word `` genant '' works pretty well . 
  it 's more lighthearted than pinsamt i 'd say . 
  i 've been saying `` lite genant '' when i 'm basically saying that something is a little awkward ... 
  when the iron curtain fell , a lot was just left where it was . 
  no one to organize disassembling , or selling . 
  to whom would they even sell the parts ?
