  most of those who used russian tanks were in equally dire straits when the curtain fell . 
  smelting is also pretty costly , and that too requires disassembling . 
  so they just left them . 
  out of sight , out of mind from the kremlin . 
  they had more important things to worry about at the time . 
  israel is in the eurovision song contest , which is of course the proper way to identify a european country . 
  you should know this , do n't you swedes start the qualifications for next year 's esc about the day after the main esc event ? 
  this is your area of expertise right here !, 
  no potato . 
  such is life . 
  wait , wrong country ... 
  sounds pretty catholic if you ask me . 
  but hitler was catholic , so i guess that explains it ... or something . 
  you are absolutely right - we will never be 100 % safe , it 's the cost of living in a free society . 
  closing our borders , profiling , controlling this and that just gives the illusion of safety , all it does is it make us more scared because we have a machinery reminding us every day of the dangers of living . 
  it is indeed tragic , but there is nothing we can do to make these kinds of occurrences go away - no matter how little people want to hear it . 
  living carries an inherent risk of dying . 
  finns study swedish because swedish is an official language in finland . 
  danish is not an official language in iceland as far as i know , so the reasons are a bit different . 
   the real accent write ffs ... 
  what did you demolish ? 
  you started talking about luxenbourg !, 
   if you have no facts , only book title yes , that 's called * citing * . 
  look , you 're not up to this , your comments were deemed irrelevant and downvoted , and the only one here thinking that you had a relevant argument is you . 
  well , the book * treasure islands : tax havens and the men who stole the world * by nicholas shaxson does a good job at lining out uk economic influence , how much power they have over deals and transaction as well as policy making , and it shows they 've done it of their own accord . 
  and that source is something i gave out of good will as i happened to have it at hand , you on the other hand entered the discussion first , started slinging accusations with nothing but opinions to back it up . 
  that 's why you were downvoted to begin with . 
  ffs if the guy you attack cites sources , do n't go in with just opinions - if you do you 're irrelevant . 
   instead of just hanging out with usa , feeding of off its power . 
  as the burden of proof is always on the person arguing the existence of something , i 'd like you to back this up with some facts . 
  it 's equally possible that the uk has political power just on it 's own , as a result of their status in world economy . 
  personally i 'd lean towards the latter , unless you can cite some good sources for your argument . 
  money is power and gdp reflects how well you are doing financially . 
  it can be argued that your finances are a reflection of how well organized you are as a country . 
  the putin remark was about nobody caring about britain , but on the contrary , it is a country to be reckoned with . 
  the uk is a huge global financial hub , branching out in asia through hong kong and the caribbean through the cayman islands . 
  they have a huge network because of their old empire status as well as much influence . 
  when about 1/3 : rd of all world financial transactions are in some way routed through britain , it 's preposterous to believe that it 's just a small island that no one listens to . 
  no , they did n't . 
  but op did n't argue that gdp reflects quality of life , the whole discussion went ot because nils up there started talking about unrelated thermometers and whatnot . 
  if you * talk * about quality of life for instance . 
  not a thermometer , but an indicator . 
  it 's interesting how you can automatically hear the russian pronunciation when you leave out definitive articles . 
  why even compare western european gdp 's ? 
  luxenbourgers and people from the uk both live nice lives , and the original discussion was about russia and the uk in the first place . 
  compare the russian gdp per capita with the uk one if you want to make a relevant point . 
  karpits pins , if you please . 
  hey sweden , get out of here with your proper soft consonants and working sh-sounds !, 
  this , my friend , is pure gold . 
  how much do you actually have to pay off though ? 
  like , just some symbolic sum or do you * actually * have to pay it off ? 
  a homophobic polak , what a surprise ... 
   the liberal mentality in europe is very new . 
  blanket statement . 
  which countries ? 
  there have been liberal ideas going around since before ww2 , women 's right to vote was implemented first in some european countries for example ... 
  it most certainly was true back in the day . 
  as is said itt , the pic is from 1952 , and wwii was just winding down , and the cold war was starting up . 
  war was seen as just another tool in diplomacy , so it was reasonable to believe that war could come again , and countries were everything but trustful towards each other . 
  while there are of course differences between european countries today , we 've come a long way since then , much thanks to the eu . 
  laws have been standardized as well as trade agreements , and trading is easier thanks to the emu and standardized customs - and tax-laws . 
  it 's easier to feel like you 're the same if you play by the same rules . 
  that of course does n't mean that we have a long way to go before we would see ourselves as `` one people '' etc. , but in comparison to 1950 's europe , we practically are . 
  at least in the same sense that people from texas , new york , montana , nevada and mississippi all consider themselves american , while differences between them can be remarkable at times . 
  it would actually be impossible without some interesting engineering at the border , because sweden has european-width train tracks , the russians built ours so we have their width . 
  finland could take norrland and down to maybe dalarna , if that 's ok with you guys ? 
  those guys seem to drink like us ... 
  cool , i did not know that - thought it was only swedes ( and danes to some extent ) who sold it in the world . 
  wait , there 's snus in russia . . ? 
  religious family , by any chance ? 
  a tax haven is not defined just by what tax laws they have . 
  rather , and often more importantly , the objective of a tax haven is to obscure transparency . 
  make it harder to see what the company does , who owns it and what responsibilities it has . 
  tax can be lax somewhere else , the tax haven may just make it hard for authorities to see that a company has holdings and sends untaxed money to it 's subsidiary in the place with the special tax laws , where the money is then used ( just as an example ) . 
  the city of london is also the gateway to the caymans , the channel islands , gibraltar and hong kong in asia for many europeans and americans who want to plan their money . 
  more on the subject can for instance be read [ here ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/economy/2011/02/london-corporation-city ) . 
  this is playing to the gallery . 
  db is there because of the tax haven named city of london and the connections to the other former colonies turned havens . 
  nothing in regards to them will change in case of brexit . 
  it would be bad business to leave . 
  good thing all those 2 million brits moved back since then right ? 
  whoa , looks like my last employer 's matrix organization !, 
  maybe a bit clearer ... 
  sweden most probably loans it from it 's own central bank . 
  it does n't give itself negative interest , that does n't make any sense . 
  if the swedish central bank loans it from somewhere else , there certainly wo n't be negative interest . 
  it actually means that it costs even more for the central bank . 
  positive interest , you get money back . 
  negative interest , you give away even more free money on top of the loan . 
  unless you 're ukrainian , then yes , you make a profit . 
  or if you 're sarcastic , then by all means carry on ... 
   i can do with data whatever i want not if you want to be taken seriously you ca n't . 
  that 's what drives up finland 's numbers too . 
  i 'd wager anyone who hunts owns at least a shotgun . 
  almost all hunters also has at least one rifle , and most have two - one smaller caliber and one bigger . 
  some have even more for different uses and for variation . 
  some hunters also have handguns on top of that , for finishing off injured animals or small game caught while trapping . 
  such permits are not given out anymore though , so it 's mainly the `` older '' guys ... all in all , this surely affects the statistics . 
  ffs we talked about this ... 
  `` wtf this creep behind me keeps staring at my phone , let 's see what he thinks about this ... '',
