  the truly needy are the only ones worth helping surely . 
  the others need to go some kind of camp where they can concentrate on becoming richer . 
  yeah , that 's because it was easier . 
  * migrant, 
  haha , good show old boy . 
  that looks pretty tasty , surely the chips get soggy tho ? 
  cheese on kebabs ? 
  you monsters . 
  true , but do you have a turkish kebab shop in every town and village though ? 
  that was my point , were you expecting some other point ? 
  there are 500,000 turks in the uk . 
  i found a map !, 
  i have really appreciated the norwegian input in this situation , many of your countrymen/women have been on the bbc giving a very rational and fair argument . 
  kudos , kudos indeed . 
  it 's the same in the uk . 
  surely sweden actually pays for that itself , with sweden 's memberships fees ? 
  exactly , how else was new poland started ? 
  it 's a really bad deal for britain too , our shipping fleet in aberdeen has reduced from 550 boats to 125 boats in ten years , the eu has just given the fishing rights to a brand new fishing fleet from spain . 
  the spanish can fish up 50 metres from aberdeen harbour . 
  the eu has loads of protectionist policies that stand to benefit certain eu member states . 
  if it drives down the price of french produce , for example , the eu wo n't have it and will make life difficult . 
  for the french you mean ? 
  the french farmers are a law until themselves ,, 
  i hate the eu . 
  i want to watch it burn . 
  i must be an american billionaires pawn . 
  i will keep calm and carry on making a cup of tea , before i sit down to enjoy brexit . 
  no , our ` most important ' partners are the ones who - - share the same history - share the same language - share media and culture - share political ties - share familial ties to the point where our populations are literally related - share our values and yes we even ** share the queen as a head of state ** ( with a notable exception ) . 
  that 's it , no ` imperial hangover ' . 
  but we should forget all that and because of what exactly ? 
  ffs . 
  it is spun , and yes in general most britons see the rest of the english speaking world as our most important partners . 
  honestly , it seems arrogant on the part of the continentals to be surprised by that . 
  enjoy it while it lasts !, 
  yes , all of us have a problem with the centralising nature of westminster , it is london and the south east vs the rest of the country . 
  the scots are n't alone . 
  we have devolved parliaments , because decentralising power and putting control back in local hands is the way forwards . 
  this is also one of the reasons we left the eu - it 's crazy to devolve power but at the same time giving control to the most centralising authority on the continent . 
  it 's not my argument it 's the report from the pwc . 
  read the report . 
  the single market does n't benefit us that greatly . 
  we have a # 80billion trade deficit each year . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2017/02/07/top-world-britain-outpace-g7-next-three-decades/ basically , being in the single market stagnates growth , and limits growth and ties with the growing economies of the future . 
  the next century is asian , not european or american . 
  if you ca n't see that you are the fool . 
  everyone in the eu member states has the right to prosper . 
  maybe , check out these ` alternative facts ' , you have n't got a leg to stand on manx - if you will excuse the pun . 
  and yeah i agree a 35yr outlook is hard to accept , but , britain is booming . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2017/02/07/top-world-britain-outpace-g7-next-three-decades/ https://inews.co.uk/essentials/news/business/britain-will-offset-brexit-effect-fastest-growing-economy-g7-2050/ https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/feb/07/uk-g7-economy-trade-pwc-brexit-us, 
  because of brexit we have been predicted to have the fastest growing economy in the g7 , this is expected to be the trend until 2050 . 
  members of the eu are n't sovereign nations , the eu supreme court is the proof of this . 
  europe is n't the eu , not being part of it does n't mean britain is n't part of europe . 
  whether we like it or not germany dominates the eu and exploits the currency in it 's own interest , i can understand austrians want a piece of the pie , but with the ` ever closer political ' union imperative of the eu , national identities like austrian 's will eventually be a region within the german machine . 
  well it takes one to know one romanina . 
  them 's fighting words . 
  meh , i likes what i likes . 
  i like women with child bearing hips . 
  that ginger bird has a sweet ass . 
  you guys joining the six nations soon ? 
  any word locally about that op ? 
  this is because great britain 's democracy is never in question . 
  but the previous point of lack of participation in all western democracies is n't correct . 
  great britain proved once again it is the greatest democracy of the face of the earth . 
  we had the biggest turn-out for any vote or election ever for brexit . 
  democracy is immortally tied to the british psychology . 
  the point of lack of participation in all western democracies is n't correct . 
  great britain proved once again it is the greatest democracy of the face of the earth . 
  great britain 's democracy shall never be in question . 
  motherfucking unicorn trotting out fronting great britain, 
  for fuck 's sake - the westcountry . 
  we do n't need to speak another language usually , ours is better and you know it already . 
  what will be funny will be to watch people like who hate us , like you , keep using our language in the eu . 
  and on here , i want you to remember every time you use a english word to remember me and that fact you are using it because we defeated your fascist grandparents , and once again we are the one 's standing up for democracy and decency . 
  that 's alright , you are more than entitled to your opinion . 
  i am more than happy to stay and live in this amazing country , i would not even cage my dog either let alone cage myself . 
  btw , we have never been a fascist country , italy on the other hand has a strong history of fascism . 
  i have total confidence in my country and government , we are strong and have true democracy . 
  i would not change that for italy in a heartbeat . 
  keep speaking english !, 
  i do realise the government will do that , and it is a price worth paying . 
  i am all for it . 
  i want the human rights act to be scrapped and replaced with a british bill of rights . 
  i am fully aware of the situation and i want it . 
  i did n't see that . 
  apologies . 
  i know , i got letter and gave my permission . 
  really ? 
  i bet you probably have to be fair , 
  i honestly do n't know who is playing who . 
  thanks !, 
  i agree we were a burden , it really is best to leave . 
  meh , you know that our intelligence services stop a terror plot each week right ? 
  the pm also stated we will withdraw our intelligence services from the eu , i would expect trump to do something similar , if we do n't get a good deal . 
  that is the thing you should be lobbying the eu for and be afraid of . 
  i voted for the conservatives , i literally voted for may in the leadership election , i am totally aware of the online privacy , all it takes is a phone call or email to the isp to get my midget porn back , it took less than 30 seconds and it has the added benefit of keeping younger people safer online , and we get to be far better protected from terrorism . 
  it 's worth it . 
  it 's true , well not the europe that the continent wants anyways . 
  why would you need freedom of movement to do that ? 
  no-one is going to stop you spending money in their county on holiday ? 
  or kick you out if you have a job in that country which you should have in place if you want to emigrate ?
