i 'd say aus/nz forces . 
  germany 's not going start forcibly loading people on trains and taking then to camps around europe . 
  no , that 's a luxury . 
  our gene pool was good enough to start america . 
  and america . 
  surely that 's what someone escaping a warzone wants ? 
  she may have taken a holiday to ensure he could take a decent inheritance from others . 
  neither do i, 
  they or their families have n't paid into the system . 
  i think you are right . 
  wow , thats like some biblical weather . 
  put it this way , it 's one of the hotter days today and its cloudy . 
  move to the uk , the summer lasts a week . 
  seriously , there has been maybe weeks worth of ` hot ' days . 
  but it 's true . 
  it is far less common here . 
  and it 's at it 's lowest point in 25yrs . 
  you 'll have to ask a pole what they think of these foreigners taking their jobs . 
  america ? 
  we do n't need more low skilled workers here . 
  the polish beat them to it . 
  in the uk you need a national insurance card to be able to work legally . 
  however these can be obtained illegally . 
  once across the channel , how are these people supposed to be able to support themselves ? 
  my guess is crime . 
  i agree with / u/tvrdloch , they probably think can get benefits if they ca n't get work . 
  which wo n't happen . 
  more likely the illegal immigrant catcher will put them in the detention centres , and then fly them home . 
  black pudding is the best breakfast food . 
  lots of boiled blood , spices and fat is what is needed in the morning . 
  maybe , maybe not , there may be a deal that allows further freedom of movement which sounds more likely . 
  pressure on services mostly , we were n't prepared or offered the choice of controlling it because our government lied to us . 
  and it forever changed the social landscape in modern britain . 
  i am sure we would be fine . 
  maybe not , it does seem more possible every day . 
  the eu cares more about the eu project then member states , if it eases the eu top-down it will happen . 
  look , isis say muslims ca n't live with westerners . 
  that narrative is being challenged by the western governments by championing multiculturalism and obfuscating events that challenge multiculturalism . 
  there is not a mass conspiracy , just one dimensional politcal reasoning . 
  this is the reason why the media at large has been not been covering the crime of the muslim economic migrants , to dis-validate the claims of extreme islamists . 
  and a bit of political correctness of course . 
  this is going to back fire and eventually cause much larger unrest and alienation between natives and migrants . 
  i for one would like to see a stronger german military , i think we are far , far past the mistakes of the past . 
  how far short is germany from it 's 2 % nato contribution ? 
  i am inclined to agree , to a degree , however we do face enemies that do not want to engage in diplomacy properly . 
  i would worry that when military is actually the only solution it is put aside . 
  even with germany 's history the lack of military support for its direct neighbours is ... surprising , the british reply too . 
  although , aside from expeditionary warfare , we are very reluctant to fight . 
  hmm , food for thought . 
  except soft power and intelligence . 
  we respect democracy , however we do n't want to give away our executive powers or legislative powers . 
  the eu judiciary is n't independent , if it was it would n't be involved in regulation . 
  russia has a gdp the size of italy , massive land army , and overwhelming economic sanctions . 
  they ca n't afford to take a whole country , ukraine had a huge russian population in the crimea , that is the sole reason it was able to happen . 
  look up russia 's foreign minster , sergey lavrov , and his dis-information non-linear tactics , russia is n't really taking direct action . 
  his ego might be the best thing about him , his ego needs him to be a great president for the american people . 
  that seems very unlikely . 
  you do n't have any more because you are talking bollocks . 
  anyone can google poland and their views on immigrants , hint : they are not welcome . 
  except for rich people , still though strong government is needed right now , and of all the european leaders i think theresa may is the best , she 's like merkel but without the self hatred . 
  this is strangely accurate , i have finger condoms ? 
  make america great again !, 
  good luck with the eu guys !, 
  i 'm sure the people in control have your best interests at heart !, 
  sturgeon sniffed a bit of power , now she wants to be emperor . 
  the snp are a nationalist socialist party , hell bent on seizing power for themselves . 
  it has n't , they are framing the narrative in way that suits them , it 's easy for them because if there is anything bad happens they can blame the uk government down south . 
  they only manage a part of scotland ( as in infrastructure not territory ) , they will fall to pieces after the people realize just how they are woefully prepared to launch scotland on a world stage . 
  they are a fair weather party out for a picnic , following their own hardline nationalist separatist agenda . 
  we are all sassenachs to her . 
  meh , the old skirt wearing in the heat trick has been going on for decades . 
  nothing is going to change at large in these places . 
  i 've got my royal standard flag at the ready , it was only # 4 on amazon . 
  i 'm going to fly it the queen dies , and when king charles takes the throne . 
  it 's the only time i can fly it as a commoner , and those things will be pricey when it happens . 
  none of that is in the advert though . 
  hungary says it 's proud to stand with us as a member of the eu . 
  fuck you if leave tho , is the message . 
  90 % of the people who read the mail want to leave the eu . 
  how many leavers can there be left who read the mail , or think , ` oh look i do n't know how i am going vote , good job i have a daily mail , i 'll pick that fine paper up and all will be made clear , ah time for a cup of tea ' . 
  hahaha , dang , i like how everyone else has missed the fact that this advert is in the mail . 
  i mean c'mon , it 's the single most paper with the highest brexit readership , lol chumps , like a red flag to a bull !, 
  what was he thinking !, 
  they are a far right group , groups like that always need someone to blame . 
  they attract vulnerable people who want to feel strong . 
  i think it 's best to ignore them unless they break the law . 
  all this attention is precisely what they want , from the tv coverage they have had over the years , i doubt there is even more then a hundred active members , usually there is less then thirty people that turn out for their ` demonstrations ' , as illustrated on every news report about them . 
  first it was the muslims , now its the eu . 
  i do n't even think they even want to make a positive change , if a change is even the right way to refer it . 
  to the other europeans , do n't worry about them and ignore them , we do . 
  and honestly that guy who killed the mp was probably just a man with a lot of problems and mental health issues , who needed help and treatment , not some extremist far right assassin sent by these people . 
  just to sure , i am just trying to give some perspective , and i certainly do n't support those nutcases or condone today 's awful crimes . 
  the pm is lying to you , turkey will join the eu in far less than 30 years . 
  vote leave we want to leave and that 's not a bad thing , it is n't trump like , we are just different to the rest of the eu and the superstate wo n't work for us . 
  good luck to the rest the eu !, 
  i agree with you regarding the hyperbole of the leave campaign , the remain campaign is just as bad though . 
  vote leave on the 23rd of june will solve this problem the uk . 
  i 'm not surprised , germany have far more to lose , and i personally believe your cringe is evidence of that . 
  but do n't worry brexit is best for germany too !, 
  nice try albania , you are not even in the eu .
