  you believe that most of those revolutions would have worked , without there being the threat that people would do something if they did n't get their wishes ? 
  it 's not even an argument that needs to be had , it 's really just common sense . 
  not many dictators give in to hollow threats . 
  even non-violent revolutions have the threat of it, 
  lets just be clear , i 'm not talking about warfare in that sense , i am really talking about the ability to commit frequent political assassinations . 
  no amount of optics can stop that . 
  you 're going to have to outline the path to overthrowing a totalitarian armed state that doesnt involve violence, 
  not really . 
  there are options if you want to get them from within europe ( `` theft '' , for example ) , but it is a lot easier to get them from elsewhere . 
  sorry steve , i know you 're in grave danger , but gregg behind you is a bit of a dipshit . 
  back to syria with you . 
  historically the middle class have had access to weapons, 
  guerilla warfare is n't a thing ? 
  assassinating politicians isnt a thing ? 
  shooting the police isnt a thing ? 
  the idea would be to simply kill a number of the authoritarians , enough of them that the remainder have too much fear to complete their jobs . 
  the idea of people marching in the street , like in v for vendetta is ridiculous - you 're right , it would be a massacre, 
  that doesnt mean they are acquired in legal means, 
  guns are constantly being produced, 
  you could make literally the exact same statement about narcotics , look how well that 's going . 
  private citizens only , and only legally owned i believe . 
  illegally owned guns , knives , and fists all seem like popular options, 
  yeah , i think it 's pretty clear murder is largely a cultural issue, 
  yes , one of the biggest arguments in favor of gun ownership is protection against authoritarianism, 
  more the fact that there is no magic gun detecting radar . 
  it 's the same as drugs , if people want them , they get them . 
  this is reddit , corporations are inherently evil , especially without government standing on their shoulders, 
  they would n't because spain opposes it so recognising it as a country would be an act of aggression . 
  not only that , but doctors who * report on the abuse of children in the camps can be punished as a criminal * . 
  most of europe ? 
  hell most parts of the world where there is universal healthcare . 
  take a look at the tax rates for income , bolt on payroll taxes , bolt on income tax called something other than income tax ( i.e national insurance ) , and you 've got a lovely tax rate . 
  so does child birth, 
  those are some pretty terrible metrics to base anything off, 
  it wouldnt - 14 countries have joined the eu since 2003 . 
  depends on the country . 
  our more leftist countries have quite high unemployment rates . 
  that chart ends in 2003 , the eu is currently ahead . 
   amazon ? 
  small companies ? 
  but talking about starbucks :  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/retailandconsumer/11945013/european-union-orders-starbucks-and-fiat-juncker-luxembourg-pay-30m-in-unpaid-taxes.html  `` of course that does not include the vat '' you 're going to tell me ; then let 's continue : http://news.sky.com/story/999135/starbucks-boss-we-pay-our-fair-share-of-tax  `` over the last three years we have paid over # 160m in vat , rates and national insurance . 
   160m in vat knowing how they make litterally billions then declare it all `` at a loss '' with hollywood accounting tricks to avoid even more paying taxes ? 
  yeah more fraud , sorry . 
  the sellers on amazon and ebay are small , and its not their responsibility to monitor their taxes . 
  its not amazon doing that when offering it from them . 
  those articles are about them not paying corporate tax , literally the exact same tax i have said the avoidance of is useful about 5 times now . 
  as the article says , they have resulted in # 160m of revenue in vat alone - national insurance and income tax probably come out higher . 
  they are a huge employer . 
   not it 's not . 
  if the money was sold `` by a foreign totally not local company and charged abroad '' and never appear on uk books they just pretend they never knew the money and spend it abroad . 
  how the hell do you think accounts in swiss or bermuda are filled ? 
  that , again , relates to corporate tax , not the income tax or national insurance paid by high level employees . 
  again , you 're wrong . 
   it 's nearly becoming cheaper to live in paris central than in the uk 's rural areas . 
  prices in the uk are starting to get mad . 
  plus if you want a job to pay the bills , you have to live in town . 
  no you do n't , what a ridiculous thing to say . 
  there are a huge number of jobs outside of london , i would know i work in an office full of them . 
   i disagree : people worked frequently their entire life to build our countries as they are . 
  companies benefited of free infrastructure like roads or schools educating their workers for generations . 
  then they need said peopel working for them . 
  they could not exist without their environment of which they are a product . 
  now it 's their turn to participate in financing those . 
  if you were one of the people that built that infrastructure , you 'd have been paid for it . 
  `` my ancestros built this country , give me money '' is about as ridiculous as the idea of original sin . 
  no , you did not do anything to deserve it . 
  what the fuck do you even think a corporation is ? 
  it 's a collection of people creating/doing something of value . 
   when 90 % + of the wealth of the country just disappear abroad , yes it is relevant . 
  wealth , not resources . 
  besides , there is very little difference between money sitting in a brokerage account in bermuda , or an account in london  when shanty towns start growing up while the oligarchs grow richer and richer something tell me the population is n't going to take that answer forever . 
  pray tell , how did the feudal and victorian era and robber barons ended ? 
  if you think you can just push everyone to live on scrap while telling them `` by the rule of capitalism it 's all mine , miiine ! '', 
  it 's going to blow up in your face one of those day . 
  most people in western countries are living very comfortably . 
  dont impose your own serfdom on others . 
   tax `` evasion '' is just a fancy name for legalized tax fraud & amp ; corruption . 
  tax evasion is illegal , tax avoidance is legal . 
   http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/dec/22/tax-officials-investigate-amazon-ebay-vat-fraud-overseas-sellers that is done by small businesses , and no cooperation has been proved between these big companies and the small ones . 
  as they say not their responsibility . 
  find someone like starbucks doing that  the ones earning the bulk of the money ( ceo , shareholders , etc ) all stash it abroad off the book . 
  the wages of workers are only a small percent of the cash flow nowadays . 
  that is false , and thats not how income tax is charged . 
  there is only one relatively good example of this and it 's gibralter title ii  but that dick off the street need to eat too . 
  if you do n't pay him enough to have a roof , do n't wonder why there are shanty towns poping up in london 's outskirts . 
  and if you import million of unskilled pakistanis workers as cheap ( borderline unpaid ) undeclared work like corporations colluded to do in the 60 's after the end of their indian colony & amp ; the associated exploitation , then maybe you are part of the problem . 
  london is one of the most expensive cities in the world , dont live there if you ca n't afford it being human doesnt mean you automatically provide or deserve any value . 
  again , no one owes you * anything * except your parents . 
   no it 's not . 
  but we 're at the point where nobody believes how much money exists in our society since it all disappear abroad and nobody apart a few ever see the color of it . 
  and that 's one of the biggest issues of our society . 
  the amount of money and it 's location is irrelevant , resources are more interesting . 
  even if it stayed in the country it would n't belong to you . 
   here 's my answer just as backed : `` lol '' if you think about what profit is , and how it 's calculated , you will understand that it is retarded from an accounting point of view in a global economy , regardless of political beliefs . 
   ah the russian economic argument . 
  `` if you remove the oligarchs , what remains ? '' . 
  pray tell , what was the western answer to that . 
  put a minimal wage . 
  rise wages . 
  stop stealing all the money .
