i call photoshop , i 've never been to a beach in the uk and seen clear blue water . 
  i 'm on the far left because i do n't dislike foreigners ? 
  there i was thinking i was on the libertarian right ... 
  yeah that 's fair enough , but lots of countries have that so seems an odd thing to judge an entire country for !, 
  there is a sizeable portion of the uk that hates everyone that is n't from western europe . 
  already subscribed  have been for a couple of months aha, 
  ah i would n't stress about that , easy for me to say but i cant see what that has to do with hungarians today !, 
  if you were ever insulted by a hungarian do n't take it personally , i 'm sure it 's just their phrasebook . 
  what would be the problem though if i was hungarian ? 
  does n't romania have a large hungarian speaking population already ? 
  south west of the uk , 
  i visited romania , i liked it , and i want to go back . 
  my partner is applying to go to university in cluj and if she is accepted i will be living there for at least a few years . 
  so , out of respect i suppose ? 
  i do n't want to be that guy that moves to the country and doe n't speak a word of romanian my entire time there . . 
  i think learning romanian is going to become increasingly popular , funnily enough i 'm not the only one of my very small group of my colleagues doing it because they also visited , loved it , and now go back semi-regularly . 
  ah makes sense, 
  i doubt russia would do that , i think a lot of it is paranoia . 
  i am sure they would like to , but they unlike ukraine have eu backing . 
  what does hybrid mean in this context ? 
  do you mean proxy ? 
  would we really need it ? 
  what country poses any real threat to the eu ? 
  germans included . 
  there is no reason a german national should be given more than any other eu national . 
  or do n't give them money , but give grants to entrepreneurs who create jobs suitable yayyy, 
  can nobody please use australia as an example ? 
  their immigrant islands are a travesty . 
  it 's not even legally required any more iirc , even the uk data protection website has stopped displaying a cookie notice . 
  china , the us , india , and the eu might as well be the world . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_haven that is ridiculous , there are tax havens of all shapes and sizes . 
  arguably this list is n't even complete , because it does n't include many countries with next to no or very low taxation , such as saudi arabia , and the united arab emirates . 
  i think you 're overestimating the value of most public services to the economy . 
  infrastructure and security are the two main ones that matter . 
  i was talking about the level of taxation , not changing tax regulations . 
  which only applies to a handful of countries . 
  also rich people tend to buy very different property to non-rich people . 
  it 's the same as when people imagine that redistributing $ 1b of rich people money would buy them $ 1b worth of normal peoples things . 
  no , rich people have different spending habits , supply is n't that elastic . 
  that has nothing to do with being a tax haven . 
  property prices would n't magically go up because taxes were lower . 
  sure , and i would use that structure if it were available to me , i dont blame them at all . 
  i blame the people who want an ever expanding government . 
  note how the tax havens of europe have recovered fairly well post 2008 while places like france and italy are doing pretty poorly . 
  my attitude too , we 're all taxed too much . 
  i ca n't blame anyone for it . 
  apparently because i worked very hard , working from the age of 13 and if we include education working 70 hour weeks , and that getting me a decent salary , i owe the government a bunch of money for shit i didnt even want . 
  but if they ever want to pay a dividend they do have to pull out back through apple inc. 
  the point of all that is to allow you to make investments pre-tax . 
  no , you are n't . 
  your licensing fees improve the profitability of the parent company anyway . 
  why ? 
  delaware is n't alone , despite destroying sovereignty and demanding companies out of its jurisdiction to break any sane data-protection laws , and to act treacherously towards their customers via fatca , the us largely ignores any information requests . 
  to be fair the biggest reason is the cost of labour is probably the biggest reason for that , i 'm sure cheap labour without and import duties would be an easy sell . 
  exactly , although i 'm sure with work it can be done . 
  i 'm sure even most boys have had no/very little access to education, 
  i think the gap between poland and afghanistan is probably huge . . poland has a developed economy , and probably had access to far more language learning resources beforehand . 
  i know , you have the `` antisocial wage '' thing which is just a vague version of the minimum wage . 
  minimum wage fucks over workers who 's labour is n't worth minimum, 
  the wage he and i make is actually high for western europe , i do n't know about him but i make 3-4x more than average romanian developer , and he is slightly more senior than me . . 
  i think he will have a very comfortable life there , he 's moving from switzerland . 
  yes , romania has seemed like a lovely place each time i 've gone so far . 
  hopefully i 'll be visiting cluj or brasov later this year again . 
  yeah but his is a private organization , im sure if the swedish government tried it would require at least $ 100k, 
  you mean the people who trekked across europe , that came from a country with an undeveloped economy and do not/poorly speak the local language did not instantly pick up jobs ? 
  well i never . 
  lower minimum wage , open some trade schools , and teach the local language . 
  any country can veto , so no . 
  i 'm about to start working with a developer that is about to emigrate back to romania , and i want to move there . 
  sensible people do n't care because he actually reported his earnings and paid tax on them . 
  because workers receive money in return for work , and shareholders receive shares for some sort of investment . 
  they 're two separate things, 
  raww . 
  it 's not something i 'd judge over though . 
  i 'll be in an appropriate financial position to have kids at 25 ( i already am , truth be told ) , but not everyone has that . 
  i hope to have them by the time i am 25 , to be married at 24 . 
  because his waifu protects him , japan must be higher on the list . 
  hong kong is very wealthy, 
  i 'm pretty sure almost every genocide in history would have been justified with that exact sentiment . 
  because you do n't expect to get in this situation , to be clear i am not at all anti-marriage , i intend to get married myself . 
  you can get a year in prison for that . 
   paternity testing is regulated by the state and only allowed in certain cases :  * without a court order the express consent of the person must be obtained in writing before the carrying out of the examination , after the person has been duly informed of its nature and its purpose . 
   * with a court order ( if consent could not be obtained )  this is partially due to the official desire to `` preserve the peace '' within french families , with the french government citing psychologists who state that fatherhood is determined by society , rather than biology . 
  french men often circumvent these laws by sending samples of dna to foreign laboratories , but risk prosecution if caught . 
  the maximum penalty for carrying out secret paternity testing is one year in prison and a $ 15,000 fine . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dna_paternity_testing ( under legal issues ), 
  understandable , i was n't expecting there to be any . 
  however considering numbers like these i cant imagine the ( 1500 ? ), 
  court orders granted a year are actually enough . 
  sure , but what percentage of men that want a paternity test succeed in getting one ? 
  i would say it causes a lot more issues than an awful lot of things that are illegal , i dont really understand why it shouldnt be illegal . 
  but i 'm not sure what punishment would be appropriate . 
  ah , in my head it said it should be made illegal . 
  too much adultery , it was banned because so many families were broken when they found out that their child is not their child , so the french government banned paternity tests . 
  it really already is , as it is grounds for divorce . 
  personally i do feel like adulterers should be punished but i 'm not really sure what law could ever be appropriate . 
  they 're illegal in france edit : on a similar note i believe in lots of countries , if you divorce your wife , you still have to pay for the children that resulted from your wife 's affairs . 
  i 'm not sure what ratio of the dividends would typically be qualified , but even then dividends typically do n't make up much of your earnings . 
  it 's still mostly going to be under cgt . 
  and again , us taxes are still higher than lots of countries on that list .
