  tax rate is higher for dividends : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dividend_tax#united_states, 
  that is entirely irrelevant to us taxes , that reduces the tax bill of subsidiaries of the us company but increases the taxation of the us company ( higher profits ), 
  cgt in the us goes up to 28 % . 
  us income and cgt tax is higher than most of the countries in the list, 
  eu wide trade agreements , it 's one of the big arguments for staying in the eu, 
  as far as the uk is concerned the entire eu might as well be domestic . 
  no i was just making a snarky comment , it was n't intended to be some glowing insight . 
  you think criticising socialism would get karma on reddit ? 
  it was just a tongue in cheek comment about how the idea is that people all need to be equal and fair in education . 
  usin the net for 19 years, 
  i do n't see why they are n't compatible with modern society , so long as they do not enforce their beliefs on others . 
  so far i have never been criticised by a muslim , or proselytized to . 
  the migration started because of the people doing the attacks , so no surprises . 
  inb4 someone says saudi arabia, 
  yep , and a lot of libertarians although lots of them consider it a necessary evil . 
  i guess i am between the two , there are levels i think are acceptable so long as the money is used appropriately . 
  funnily enough it 's not really a view held by many that call themselves anarchists . 
  progressive taxation is robbing people at different levels based on their personal success . 
  the upper groups never of course representing a particularly significant number of votes . 
  no , you 're right . 
  however countries to vote to rob groups of people more than others , and i do n't recognise any substantial difference between the two scenarios . 
  i evidently do n't care much for democracy . 
  how on earth is it patronising . 
  if your town voted to take all of your possessions , would it be patronising for me to feel you had been unfairly wronged ? 
  you see nothing wrong with people receiving a small fraction of the money they earn because of the whim of others ? 
   if literally 100 % of your money is seized , how is n't it state communism ? 
  i said closer and closer to 100 % , i would imagine the upper-bound is at around 80-85 % . 
  also that 's not really what communism is . 
   if it is democratic socialism then the people are voting for this . 
  idgaf who votes for what , unless 100 % of people vote on it in which case they get what they want . 
   do you care about everyone in the world ? 
  why are n't you doing volunteer work in africa versus fear mongering on reddit ? 
  i would like to imagine the work i do causes more good in the world than building huts in africa . 
  i have ambitions that are similar , although not africa and not hut-building . 
  again , not talking about communism . 
  i would expect it to be dressed up as `` democratic socialism '' . 
  so you can not feel empathy for those that will suffer ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about relatively major countries continuing with things like increased taxation and more financial spying , while simultaneously having unfettered access to bank accounts . 
  i 'm not sure how it not being uk/us/germany , and not being communism would make a difference . 
  where did i specify which country and where did i specify communist ? 
  i 'm not thinking of the us or uk or germany . . 
  where did i say worldwide ? 
  it wo n't be arbitrary , they 'll just creep taxes closer and closer to 100 % . 
  was n't that the pkk not isis ? 
  stop bombing yourself turkey . . stop bombing yourself turkey . . 
  i have not yet heard of a country that does n't , and this is a bizarre interest of mine . 
  they 're legal persons everywhere from the us , to china . 
  nah , go hard or go home . 
  where can i buy leveraged brexit futures ? 
  love it , i 'll be pretty pissed if we leave . 
  although maybe not because i just found out i 'm eligible for irish citizenship so it would n't be the end of the world for me , although would suck for those without dual-nationality . 
  the fact that i will be able to get up and move to romania without any bureaucracy , and having the same rights as anyone else is pretty awesome . 
  there are some more stupid laws , but they seem to be the minority . 
  yeah he gave it up to not do national service : /, 
  thanks , i 'll be sure to . 
  although there is a chance ( ~ 50 % ) that my grandfather renounced his which would be a pain :(, 
  oh yeah just gone over it again , i am very happy about this aha . 
  no fucking way . 
  does my father also need to get registered ? 
  the form wants his registration number i think . 
  on it , catch me if you can , brexit . 
  do n't you also need your parent to have the citizenship before you were born ? 
  my father is half irish but i thought i could n't get it because his father did n't register his birth in ireland before i was born . 
  another reason i am moving to eastern europe ^ soonish, 
  possibly , i 'm in the south west how about you ? 
  the irish people 's front !, 
  innocent until proven guilty , even if the answer seems pretty obvious . 
  and in other countries ( such as romania ) only did n't bother because polls had showed it would be an absolute landslide in favour of joining the eu . 
  really ? 
  i 've always considered myself british and thought nothing of it . 
  people who only accept calling themselves english always came off as a bit trashy . 
  ironically britain firstish . 
  who would have thunked that this could have happened . 
  he 's doing it for his own safety, 
  they also routinely attack people from other minorities , such as black people . 
  i would imagine because turkey legalized homosexuality in 1897 . 
  romania has a nicely growing economy , which is pretty competitive cost wise . . 
  the resting place of corporate profits isnt very interesting . 
  the money employees receive , they spend in the local economy , and their investors receive is more interesting . 
  most companies do n't hold huge amounts of cash . 
  really ? 
  in almost all violent revolutions the rebels have killed certain members of the state . 
  although it is now mandatory in my opini\u00f3n due to the heavy difference in the level of armaments between the state and the people . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_revolutions_and_rebellions https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_assassinations violent revolution and assasinations arent exactly contemporary inventions . 
  only type really, 
  the popular choice is always the correct one !, 
   something said or done to provoke laughter or cause amusement , as a witticism , a short and amusing anecdote , or a prankish act, 
  she was a british turk making a joke, 
  http://trilema.com/2015/etica-mircea/ you do n't need to kill many , you need to kill a handful . 
  enough that continuing with the job is too risky and people stop showing up for work . 
  will you be able to kill glorious leader ? 
  no , he might have too much security . 
  will you be able to kill anyone in his cabinet ? 
  maybe . 
  will you be able to kill anyone else working for the totalitarian state ? 
  definitely . 
  the idea really is n't to remove all of them , you 're right it 's not possible . 
  the idea is to kill enough of them that the risk is n't worth them continuing . 
  but the point isnt really to try and eliminate the army , just murder a few random represenatives of the government,
