  edit : unless he meant that people thinking about leaving are the most educated ones , that 's actually a realistic scenario , since they 've the best job perspectives . 
  is it mutually exclusive ? 
  many members and sympathizers of the previous ruling party are protesting , it is the duty of the opposition after all . 
   were n't polish protesting their government not so long ago despite they being newly elected ? 
  mostly people who voted against the current ruling party . 
  poland is not a hive-mind after all . 
  by `` independent thinking '' i meant something contrary to aligning yourself with a certain political option and becoming their die-hard supporter , no matter what they do . 
  even worse , many people assume that their opponents , be it right or left wingers , are always wrong in every matter . 
  sadly , this is something i see on daily basis . 
   it 's time for societies to realize that the far left can be just as destructive and bigoted as the far right it 's worrying that people forget how both far-left and far-right movements led to the creation of totalitarian states . 
  we should really promote independent thinking , rather than sticking to an ideology and bashing everyone else who does n't agree . 
  of course they did n't , but with the next elections due in 2019 , i would n't say it 's `` soon enough '' . 
   poles will have an election soon enough in which they will get rid of this government or keep it . 
  what ? 
  we 've just elected them . 
  you are arguing with something that i never said . 
  germany can do whatever they want to , i just told you how things work in poland , and i assumed that other european countries might have similar laws , which probably do n't allow rejecting the potential refugees on the sole basis of their nationality . 
  it 's the high refusal rate and almost nonexistent benefits that weed out the economic migrants here . 
  i guess they ca n't just say `` you 're not syrian so go away '' . 
  it 's possible to apply for an asylum if your life is threatened , not necessarily by an ongoing war . 
  for example , there are some belarusian and russian refugees in poland , who had to flee from their countries for political reasons . 
  of course such cases are very rare , but every single one needs to be processed . 
  the presence of illegal immigrants worries me more . 
  then you 're damn lucky , 
  even if they were all top models running naked , that 's still not a reason to harass them . 
  if that 's true , then i do n't want to know what 's going to happen in the summer . 
  reading things like that i am getting more and more concerned that issues with immigrants will act as an excuse for mass surveillance and censorship . 
  you underestimate the value of this piece of genius - it 's a cryptic message sent to immigrants !, 
  despite the problems in german migrant camps , immigrants should n't even think about moving to poland , because they can freeze to death . 
  crossing through the mountains is not a good idea either , and yet another easy way to depart from this life . 
  i hope it make sense now . 
  no , it has nothing to do with the constitution , they ca n't change it without having a qualified majority . 
  the previous government took advantage of the fact that not accepting the krrit report leads to it 's self-dissolution . 
  a more elegant solution , but the result , however , was the same - it allowed them to appoint their own people . 
  the so-called constitutional crisis , that has been widely discussed on reddit , is a different story altogether . 
  it is not related to changing the constitution , it 's about paralyzing the work of the constitutional tribunal , so that enacted laws could possibly violate the constitution . 
  they are biased , but at least you can see different points of view , and decide by yourself what 's right and wrong . 
  polish major broadcasters , on the other hand , are pretty one-sided when it comes to their political bias . 
  most of my friends no longer watch tv , but since that would be an anecdotal evidence , i 'll just remind that during the last presidential elections , a rock singer who 's political programme could be summed as `` fuck the system and fuck the tv '' ( emphasizing the curse words ) had received 20 % of votes , by our media often called as an `` electorate of anger '' . 
  i know , but sadly , it just seems to be a never-ending cycle , fueled by the mutual hate of the two biggest parties . 
  because instead of waiting patiently , they want to change them now . 
  why ? 
  because they can . 
  this is not something unheard of , as the previous ruling party tried to do a similar thing in 2008 and 2009 , but the president ( kaczy\u0144ski , pis ) vetoed it every time . 
  they finally managed to succeed in 2010 , when bronis\u0142aw komorowski ( po ) was the president . 
  http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/koniec-krajowej-rady,136825.html i do n't know where did you get that quote from , but calling the supervisory board of tvp independent is a joke . 
  i 'll shortly explain why . 
  members of the national broadcasting council ( krrit ) are being chosen by the sejm ( 2 ) , the senate ( 2 ) , and the president ( 1 ) , and as shown before can be legally replaced , as long as both the sejm and the president agrees . 
  as you can expect , impartial people are not even being considered by politicians , for obvious reasons . 
  members of the krrit , among other things , are in turn responsible for choosing the supervisory board . 
  people directly or indirectly chosen by the politicians ca n't be called independent . 
  honestly , it 's just fear mongering . 
  every time a new party gets elected , they put their own people into key positions , so they can control the state-owned businesses , including the national tv . 
  as a result , the anti-government propaganda gets replaced with pro-government propaganda . 
  i ca n't really say no to sacking incredibly biased journalists , can i ? 
  the fact that most probably they 'll get replaced with equally biased people is yet another matter . 
   germany is `` seeing a loss of around 30 per cent of the refugees , '' an unnamed government official told bild . 
  let that sink in . 
  palestinians seem to hate almost every world leader , the only exception being the king of saudi arabia . 
  side note : only palestinians hate francois hollande more than the french !, 
  english - i was 11 years old back then , as far as i remember . 
  compulsory at all levels of education . 
  german - 3 years in middle school . 
  spanish - 3 years in high school , i could have chosen german to continue it , but for some reason i did n't b ) it 's worth to mention that during these 3 years it 's almost impossible to achieve a conversational level without taking additional lessons or self-studying , which renders the whole course almost useless . 
  later on i became conversational in spanish in less than a year and now i 'm learning russian just for the lulz . 
   but honestly it takes almost 0 effort for someone who lives in western part of ukraine to learn polish , so it 's not like integration is a big issue well , language is a small barrier , unlike completely different culture and moral values . 
  next generation muslim immigrants often fail to integrate despite being native users of the language . 
  just slightly more left . 
  the only exception being a controversial 75p income tax for the highest earners . 
  even though it 's not my cup of tea , i would still refrain from calling them far-left . 
  well , they come here to work or study and live on their own , since poland offers no benefits , that 's a non issue . 
   you do realize that one could just as easily say that people who do n't agree with the far right are instantly labeled as extreme leftists , right ? 
  completely agreed . 
   if you are further to the right than the mainstream right wing party , there is actual solid basis to be labeled as far right . 
  for me that is n't normal , but judging from downvotes this is acceptable on reddit . 
  as an example , there 's a new social-democratic party in poland , that 's being called a far-left , because it 's `` more left '' that the mainstream parties ... so as a result , people think they 're communists . 
  and everyone who does n't agree with these people is instantly labelled as far-right . 
  i wish more people realized that world is n't black and white . 
  i was really surprised to see a news like that , so i spent like 30 minutes trying to find any confirmation that polish politicians are undermining this project . 
  well , i found nothing . 
  also , i have n't seen a single article in polish press that would criticize it . 
  current government is indeed eurosceptic , especially when it comes to refugees , but nevertheless they openly endorse the idea of joint eu army or european energy solidarity . 
  that 's rather weird , is n't it ? 
  why do they do that if they dislike the european union ? 
  because of russia , of course . 
  even more , they support the intermarium policy , as a counterweight to western countries and russia . 
  this is why they want ukraine to be pro-european . 
  basically , there is n't a single reason why would they be against it , because having strong countries independent of russian influences in eastern europe is a benefit on its own , and every single political party here knows it . 
  eurosceptism has nothing to do with it . 
  it seems to be some sort of low quality clickbait article based on words of a single eurodeputy . 
  sounds very familiar . 
  although out politicians do n't even have to say anything . 
  in fact , the previous government ( before the ukraine crisis ) , tried to be friendly to russians but they kept banning our products at random only to piss us off . 
   without the eu , poland would be like ukraine today . 
  ignorance at its finest . 
  apparently it 's you who read too much polandballs . 
  now lets check the facts : poland in 1990 had lower gdp per capita than ukraine , and in 2004 ( before joining the eu ) it was already 4 times higher . 
  poland , unlike ukraine , adopted a number of very liberal reforms in the early 90s to adapt its communist economy to the realities of the free market , called balcerowicz plan or `` shock therapy '' . 
  ukraine never did any fundamental reforms , and this is the main reason why they lagged behind poland and other eastern european countries , which also made similar reforms after the collapse of socialist bloc . 
  while joining the eu poland already had a healthy economy .
