  it would have been particularly famous in italy at the time , because many intellectuals of both italy and france supported the revolt , e.g. 
  giuseppe garibaldi wrote essays and letters in favor , and some garibaldians traveled to crete as volunteers . 
  the massacre of the rebels at arkadi in november 1866 became something of a cause celebre across western europe in the early 1870s , with victor hugo calling it a new [ missolonghi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_siege_of_missolonghi ) . 
  in jules verne 's * 20,000 leagues under the sea * ( published 1870 ) , captain nemo even makes a brief detour to crete to give some gold to the rebels . 
  copenhagen has some similar issues and has been making some efforts to improve via : 1 . 
  off-street bicycle parking in areas with lots of parking demand , e.g. 
  universities and some office buildings now have bike parking in the basement . 
  the situation with bike parking at metro stations is also supposed to be better * eventually * when the current metro construction finishes in 2018 . 
  periodic sweeps for abandoned bikes . 
  a tag gets put on all bikes in an area , and if the bike is still there with the tag after a period of time ( i believe usually a month ) , the police haul the bike off and then put it up for auction . 
  ( the police bike auctions are also one of the better places to get a cheap used bike . ), 
  i live in copenhagen , and while the cost of living * can * be high , it does n't have to be . 
  there is tons of cheapish stuff if you go outside the city center a bit on the s-train . 
  it 's not berlin-cheap , but it 's pretty cheap . 
  that was actually one of the biggest surprises moving from the u.s. , how much cheaper rent is in copenhagen compared to any big american city . 
  at least if you are n't trying to live in some fancy place right in the city center or frederiksberg . 
  it 's a ( very ) approximate phonetic rendering of hellas , something like xi-la in mandarin . 
  the two characters with the xi and la sounds just happen to also mean `` hope '' and `` december '' if read literally . 
  the joke ( somewhat accurate ) is that there is a chain of border-crossers when to comes to alcohol purchases : norwegians go to sweden for cheap drinks ; swedes go to denmark ; danes go to germany ; and germans go to the czech republic or poland . 
  then from there things die out , though you can continue on to the ukraine and russia if you 'd like . 
  somewhat more frivolously in denmark : a surprising number of stories and op-eds about the impending abolition of a tax on soft drinks , and reduction of the tax on beer . 
  from next year , a 1.5-l soda will be about 3 kr ( $ 0.40 ) cheaper , and a six-pack of beer will be about 5 kr ( $ 0.70 ) cheaper . 
  the intention seems to be part of a stimulus bill to increase retail purchases in denmark , by luring swedes to copenhagen to buy beer/soda , and reducing the number of danes who go to germany to buy beer/soda . 
  translations of a few headlines from politiken ( just one newspaper !, 
  ) : * first part of the growth plan is in place : home-renovation subsidy is back , and soda tax is gone * border shop : reduction in soda tax wo n't have an effect * end of the soda tax : historic that a tax is completely ended * health researcher criticizes tax-free soda plan * so , beer and soft drinks will be cheaper * diabetes association : cheaper soda will have serious consequences * associate professor : lower soda tax wo n't make much difference in cross-border trade * former liberal minister : agreement damages health edit : [ here 's a story in english ] ( http://cphpost.dk/business/cheaper-beer-%e2%80%93-and-more-swedes-%e2%80%93-horizon ), 
  the top 1 % of income earners took home around 20 % of all uk personal income last year , so paying 26.5 % of all income tax is n't particularly high . 
  in fact those numbers suggest that the uk tax code is only slightly progressive . 
   every time there is a story in the nordic countries about some guy being arrested for sending money to terrorist cells or for having planned/done something godawful ( for religious reasons or otherwise ) , the dialogue is mostly about how we as a society have failed them as individuals . 
  that is definitely not true in denmark . 
  the dialogue here after someone is arrested for reasons related in any way to radical islam is much more negative . 
  the dansk folkeparti has a large role in driving the reactions , and they revolve around how this proves that radical muslims do n't share our european values , and we need to restrict immigration , institute more cultural tests for residency , etc. , etc. 
  in denmark there was quite a bit of calls for vengeance over the `` axe man '' who attacked a danish cartoonist . 
  people were patriotically cheering when he was caught . 
  some right-wing politicians in parliament ( from the danish people 's party ) even joined in , and used it as an example to argue that we need to get rid of the muslims . 
  i think it 's good that that one is being reformed carefully , because while it can be significantly abused , it 's also a real humanitarian issue for people who are truly disabled , and some reforms aimed at fraud can make their lives significantly more difficult , and not always even save money . 
  i have some experience with an american relative who has multiple sclerosis ( ms ) , and has been receiving `` permanent disability '' benefits for a long time . 
  at an earlier stage of the disease , it was somewhat cyclic : he would have major flare-ups for 3-24 months at a time , when he was completely unable to work , sometimes unable to get out of bed . 
  but then he would be okay for months or years at a time . 
  but he was advised * not * to work in the intermediate period , because the fact that he could work would be taken as proof that he was n't really `` permanently disabled '' , so he would lose his benefits and not be able to get them back again if his ms flared up again . 
  this situation of course was n't good for either him or the state , since it would 've been better for him to work in the periods when he was able to . 
  in the last few years the disease has been much worse , and he can barely take care of himself , even not working . 
  but the disability benefit is only $ 1000/mo , which he mostly uses to pay his rent and buy food , so he ca n't afford to hire someone to help him out , or to move into an assisted-living apartment which has a nurse and assistants on staff . 
  instead he tries to live alone , which he ca n't really do . 
  so periodically he will end up injuring himself or getting an infection , in which case he has to go to the hospital . 
  then the government * will * pay for that : he stays in the hospital for sometimes a month or two at a time , because they ca n't legally release him until he can safely leave the hospital . 
  this is worse for both him and the state , compared to if they had just paid enough benefits for him to live in an assisted-living facility . 
  but the reasoning is that people might abuse that , but nobody would abuse going to the hospital periodically , since it 's much less pleasant . 
  some of this makes sense , but the idea that `` working more or longer or both '' will improve the economy is rather questionable ( and rather american ! ) . 
  if we look at [ the oecd data on hours worked ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs ) , it is certainly not the case that countries where people work more hours are more prosperous . 
  the two countries in the oecd with the shortest annual working hours ( surveying actual hours worked , not official working hours ) are the netherlands and germany , which are also two of the most prosperous . 
  yes , it 's a russian word . 
  entered english usage during the cold war , but started being applied to western things also , maybe because it 's easier to say than `` triumvirate '' . 
  i also find myself skeptical of the explanation , but it 's possible he did n't fully connect it , at least . 
  neo-fascists are unfortunately gaining supporters among greek football fans , but they mostly portray themselves as greek nationalists , not openly as fascists ( golden dawn has been fairly successful at that pr move ) . 
  so it 's vaguely conceivable that he thought the symbol was some kind of macho-nationalist symbol , which he got from right-wing soccer fans , and did n't realize the historical connection to ww2-era symbolism , or realize that the symbol was so widely recognized . 
  here are some rough translations of his [ recent tweets ] ( https://twitter.com/giwrgoskatidis ) : * i know the history of aek . 
  i know the team were refugees . 
  i dedicate the goal to [ michalis pavlis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michalis_pavlis ) and am in no way a racist . 
  * * i am not a racist in any way . 
  * * i detest fascism . 
  i would not have done it if i knew it meant such a thing . 
  i know the implications and would never have done it . 
  i could be misreading , but i believe the lifetime ban is only from the greek national team , not from club football . 
  still a rather severe punishment , but not the same as being banned from the sport entirely . 
  that 's pretty standard european history . 
  or are you one of those politically correct types who thinks european history does n't respect people 's precious identity enough , so we have to pretend that roman civilization , and the `` civilization '' of the tribes who sacked rome are equally good ? 
  if we care about `` genetically '' , a large portion of europe is not european , rather migrations and assimilations from elsewhere . 
  even greeks are partly descended from european tribes , and partly from many other peoples who were hellenized during the macedonian empire , hellenistic period , and byzantine empire , people who `` genetically '' originated anywhere from north africa to west asia . 
  the roman , byzantine , etc. 
  empires emphasized civilization more than tribal descent , and have been `` evangelical '' empires to an extent , pulling in new people and assimilating them to the imperial culture . 
  to me that 's the more interesting part of european civilization than ethnic tribalism is . 
  there are plenty of `` ethnically european '' tribes whose heritage is not really one to be proud of , the huns and vandals and whatever are n't . 
  it 's not impossible , but i think currently not likely . 
  the military is not as politicized as it once was , and they do n't have a clear social base , as they did in the days when they were seen by a portion of rightists as an anticommunist bulwark . 
  first place is almost tied at the moment , depends on which poll you believe . 
  because there 's a 50-seat bonus for the first-place party ( an attempt to prevent deadlocked parliaments ) , whether it 's syriza 30.0 % - nd 29.5 % or the other way around will make a big difference . 
  three somewhat likely possibilities ( in no particular order ) : 1 . 
  nd comes in first by a small margin . 
  this will give them about 120-130 seats , out of 151 needed for a majority . 
  they would almost certainly form a center / center-right coalition government together with pasok and potami , which would have about 160 seats . 
  this would restore something similar to the pre-syriza political situation . 
  syriza + anel together manage to keep 151 seats , and the current coalition government continues , but tsipras 's position is strengthened because the left-wing syriza rebels , now out of the party , would no longer hold ~ 30 of those 151 seats . 
  this was tsipras 's hoped-for outcome when he called the elections , but is looking less likely according to current polls . 
  in fact anel may even fail to make the 3 % threshold . 
  syriza comes in first by a small margin with 120-130 seats , and anel either fails to make the threshold , or gets only ~ 8-10 seats . 
  this is more complicated , because potential syriza coalition partners are n't as clear . 
  they have ruled out a grand coalition with nd , though it 's not 100 % impossible they would change their mind . 
  they could possibly form a center-left coalition with pasok , or a left-wing coalition together with lae , the left-wing split from the party . 
  one practical problem in following the australian model is that they paid other countries quite a bit of money to take refugees instead . 
  who is europe going to pay , and where is the money to pay it going to come from ? 
  not all the australian payments are public , but one that is is that they paid cambodia $ 55 million . 
  and that was for a much smaller number of refugees than there are in europe . 
  if europe wanted to do something similar , even ignoring politics and ethics , i do n't see how it would happen . 
  now they 're all going to go to heaven and it 's full of furbys , thanks a lot priests . 
  eh , it 's complex . 
   a lot of historical questions have implications for national mythology/etc . , so are controversial . 
  for greeks specifically , the situation differed by region . 
  the balkan greeks , i.e. 
  those in what 's now greece , which at the time was the western part of the greek-populated territory , often lived as quasi-independent tribes in mountainous regions , and engaged in frequent rebellions ( now a big part of the greek national mythos ) . 
  but in my understanding of it , until the 19th century these were mainly local , and did n't really have a coherent national character .
