  besides a figurehead , the main point of a king in a modern constitutional monarchy is to provide last-resort leadership in a crisis when the normal functioning of government breaks down . 
  ex-king constantine had an opportunity to demonstrate that kind of leadership in the '60s , but few people ( on any side of politics ) think he did a good job of it . 
  although he was n't solely responsible , his role in the possibly-unconstitutional [ 1965 crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apostasia_of_1965 ) is n't looked back on positively . 
  his [ role during the coup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374#the_role_of_the_king ) is typically judged even worse . 
  he could have seriously undermined them by vocally declaring the coup illegitimate , but instead he initially supported the coup and swore in the leaders as a government with royal blessing , but then later attempted to organize a counter-coup , which failed . 
  so his role in this period is seen as ineffectual at best , and possibly even actively destabilizing . 
  i agree a pure inflation mandate is n't great ( too much obsession with hard currency / gold standard ) , but at the moment ecb does seem to be doing what it can to ease monetary policy anyway . 
  interest rates have been cut to almost zero , and it 's now even doing a quantitative easing ( qe ) program ( the [ `` expanded asset purchase program '' ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/implement/omt/html/index.en.html ) ) , something many of the more conservative central bankers were opposed to . 
  officially this is all still for inflation-targeting reasons , because inflation is below their set target . 
  but it 's not clear that even if they had an employment-targeting mandate , they could do any more than what they 're doing right now , at least with the tools they have available . 
  once you cut interest rates all the way to zero , a central bank is left with only `` non-traditional '' tools if they want a looser monetary policy , e.g. 
  a bigger qe program . 
  for what it 's worth , the current ecb rates are : marginal lending 0.3 % , main rate 0.05 % , deposits -0.2 % . 
  greece did in the past , pre-bubble , have `` actual '' employment . 
  it was n't wealthy , but almost everyone had a job . 
  the main question now is how to get to an economy where most people are working again . 
  historically economists seem to have only one way to reliably produce that : economic growth . 
  it does not necessarily need to be * net * economic growth in real terms . 
  for example , if we had our own currency , one standard approach is to devalue the currency , which produces an immediate negative shock to the economy in real terms , then grow back out of that trough . 
  then employment recovery typically would come in that second `` growth '' phase . 
  it seems very difficult to produce employment growth in a completely stagnant economy , though . 
  lack of recovery from mass unemployment is the main problem , rather than gdp recovery ( and also the main cause of social unrest ) . 
  italy and greece have similar gdp growth from 1999 , but as a result of the bubble/crash , greece has a 25 % unemployment rate , and a youth unemployment rate around 40 % . 
  it 's * possible * to have an employment recovery with no economic growth , but difficult to pull off . 
  more often , high unemployment persists until an economy starts growing again , at which point it tapers off . 
  reducing unemployment while the overall economy is shrinking or stagnant effectively amounts performing some kind of redistribution , as you need to keep the same per-capita gdp , but reorganize the economy so that each `` capita '' gets a more equal share of it . 
  the ancient greek mathematician eratosthenes , who lived around 2200 years ago in hellenistic egypt , devised a clever method for computing prime numbers , now known as the sieve of eratosthenes . 
  starting from a list of all numbers , cross out the multiples of each prime , starting from the smallest . 
  first , cross out all the multiples of 2 . 
  the next number left is 3 , so it is prime ; now cross out all multiples of 3 . 
  then of 5 , of 7 , and so on . 
  what is left are only the prime numbers . 
  similarly , when reading about modern greece there is an efficient algorithm for not making your article 50 % too long and full of belabored analogies : cross out each sentence gratuitously mentioning a figure from ancient greece , then cross out each subsequent sentence returning to this analogy . 
  it kind of straddles the border of the [ usual geographical definition ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:balkan_topo_en.jpg ) . 
  by that definition , the part of slovenia south of the krka river is balkan , the part north is n't . 
  as a sign of our thanks we 'll agree to learn english , and consume large amounts of american pop culture . 
  greece : alexis tsipras ( prime minister ) leader of syriza , originally a coalition of left-wing parties , now a party . 
  has led it in various forms since 2008 , when he took over leadership of synaspism\u00f3s , formerly the largest member party of the coalition that later merged to form syriza . 
  generally seen as a centrist within a fairly ideologically diverse party . 
  elected in january 2015 , running on a platform of renegotiating the previous government 's settlement of the greek debt with `` the institutions '' . 
  two main goals were : return decision-making control to athens ( vs. having to have all bills impacting the economy approved by brussels ) , and receive better payment terms , allowing the government to run a smaller annual primary surplus , and pursue a more progressive economic/social policy domestically . 
  going pretty great so far . 
  i believe that was specifically part of the previous austerity plan , that retirement age would be raised in order to gain future savings , but to gain savings right now , existing state employees anywhere near retirement age would be encouraged to retire early , in order to reduce payroll . 
  i agree that it ca n't be denied that greeks ( specifically far-right greeks and greek cypriots ) instigated the crisis via a coup . 
  i 'm obviously biased , but i do think greece has interfered less in the years since . 
  there is no massive immigration of greek settlers to the island to try to shore up the greek side 's demographics , and the republic-of-cyprus government operates independently without control or interference from athens . 
  if those two things were true of the turkish side , i think it would be much easier to come to an agreement . 
  specifically because the government of turkey and the turkish settlers are much more hardline than the turkish cypriots are . 
  looks like even less in the end , only 123 from the government parties ( plus 106 from the opposition ) . 
  greek right-wing politics made a weird peace with the nazi collaborators * very * quickly after ww2 , largely because of the civil war that immediately followed . 
  since the majority of the people who had fought * against * the nazis , in the resistance , sided with the left , the right had to find anyone else who could use a weapon and was anti-communist , meaning that the [ security battalions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/security_battalions ) were quickly forgiven and drafted into the new government 's forces . 
  after the anti-communist side won , many of these people went on to long careers in either right-wing politics , or the greek military . 
  or for a lucky few , both : the military junta of ' 67 - '74 included a number of veterans of the collaboration . 
  as a result , in the version of history told by modern greek far-right circles , the nazi collaborators are n't seen as traitors , but as patriotic anti-communists . 
  yeah , ioanis is the formal version of his name . 
  i believe this is partly because greek farms were historically small farms that have difficulty competing with modern mechanized agribusiness . 
  taking some statistics i can find from 1970 : at the time , greece was a net exporter of food ( producing about 40 % more than it consumed ) , but the median farm size was a miniscule 1/3 of an acre ( 0.13 ha , i.e. 
  a plot of about 35 m by 35 m ) . 
  in the flat plain areas , like around larissa , it would be possible to aggregate and modernize farms to compete on a similar level with spanish farms . 
  but a huge portion of the traditional greek agricultural land is on small plots in mountainous terrain , which are n't well suited to modern large-scale farming methods . 
  a comparison in the u.s. might be with the appalachian region , which used to have a large amount of agriculture in its valleys , but much less today . 
  that must 've been a number reported only partway through the voting , since the parliament has 300 members . 
  final tally was 229 in favor , 64 against , 6 abstaining , 1 absent . 
  details in this article , especially subsection `` national airspace '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute, 
  their line is : yes , mistakes were made in the past , but the reform/bailout package was working , or at least it was working until syriza screwed it up . 
  after nd lost the last election , samaras gave a widely derided speech in which he said his conscience was clear , because they solved the worst of the crisis , and he now hands over a country that is in good shape and improving . 
  speaking of procedure , how did they get rid of her ? 
  speaker of parliament is a constitutional position , rather than part of the cabinet , so the prime minister ca n't change the speaker without a formal vote in parliament for a new speaker , which as far as i know has n't happened . 
  is there some procedure for temporarily sidelining the speaker ? 
  and now on the stream : mp kyriakos mitsotakis , son of former prime minister konstantinos mitsotakis , is attacking syriza for not ending nepotism . 
  yes at this point they 're taking a lot of elements of the line syriza was previously taking , only with more ultra-nationalism thrown in , and a more clear anti-eu line ( syriza has always positioned themselves as pro-eu ) . 
  they are n't totally stupid and i think recognize this as an opening to displace syriza as the head of the populist anti-austerity movement . 
  which would be a negative development . 
  the main saving grace is that they are too thuggish to really pull it off , i think . 
  some of them want to become a more respectable party , but they do n't have a marine le pen type figure to `` soften '' the image ( at least not yet ) . 
  it 's definitely a problem , and one reason many greeks are surprised to hear comments about greece having a `` generous welfare system '' , because it is not at all generous if you 're one of the people who actually needs it . 
  also why the comments of american conservatives that greece shows why socialism does n't work are so off the mark ... greece 's system is not at all socialism . 
  some steps have been taken to reduce the gap in the past years . 
  one of them was merging a number of different benefit schemes , for example previously if you worked as a doctor , professor , etc. 
  you were member of a completely different social-insurance fund than if you were a factory worker , retail clerk , etc. 
  so the people with better jobs got better unemployment benefits , pensions , even better healthcare . 
  the justification for this was that they were quasi-private funds managed by sector unions , not a state benefit . 
  but now they have been taken over by the state and forced to merge , because they all became insolvent in the financial crisis anyway . 
  a political riot on one of the islands would be really rare , basically never happens . 
  if you want to see anarchists throwing molotovs , you 'll need to travel to athens ... 
  one thing that remains unclear to me ( of many ) : why specifically is the imf opposed to a deal without debt restructuring ? 
  is it political , e.g. 
  pressure from the u.s. ? 
  idealistic , that they feel they have to do `` what 's right '' and so ca n't support this package ? 
  legalistic , that they can only support packages which pass specific analyses and this one does n't pass ? 
  it 's opaque who there is making these decisions and what direction their motivations come from . 
  yes , as i understand it his position for a while has been that greece should not have entered the ez , but that it currently lacks the capacity that would be needed to unilaterally exit . 
  [ here 's a post he wrote in 2012 ] ( http://yanisvaroufakis.eu/2012/05/16/weisbrot-and-krugman-are-wrong-greece-cannot-pull-off-an-argentina/ ) , a few years before becoming finance minister , disagreeing with krugman 's view that greece should default on debt and leave the ez . 
  his three reasons against grexit were : 1 ) greece lacks near-term export potential to buffer the transition ; 2 ) greece has the actual euro , not just a peg to the euro to be broken , which introduces both technical challenges in creating a currency from scratch , and a risk of a failed transition as people may prefer to keep on a cash economy of euros ; and 3 ) grexit may `` poison the pool greece is swimming in '' , damaging the eurozone economies which greece needs to be doing well because of its dependence on their tourism/etc . 
  that 's theoretically possible , but i think less likely than a haircut based on the bank . 
  the cyprus bail-in , at least , was done by nationality of the banks , not the depositors . 
  depositors in cypriot banks of any nationality had their accounts `` haircut '' , while cypriots who had money in other countries ( quite a few cypriots have uk ties ) did n't lose anything . 
  doing something further would be complex ... you 'd have to include every bank in the eu in the program , and make them scour their accounts to figure out the nationality of each holder . 
  for one thing , australia has a much better physical position to turn into a fortress . 
  they patrol far off their coast and intercept boats while they 're still closer to places like papua new guinea than to australia .
