  rebellions were instigated by some change in ottoman policy , like taxes or conscription , or just an abusive or disliked local pasha . 
  often the pasha would be replaced in these cases , partly as a concession to the rebels , and partly as punishment for not governing his territory successfully . 
  then the situation would quiet down again for a while . 
  in the more developed parts of the empire with large greek populations , such as constantinople , pontus , thessaloniki , and the aegean islands , greeks were much more integrated into ottoman system , and generally did well under it . 
  among these , there were n't the same kinds of rebellions as in the balkans . 
  important families in constantinople especially had [ significant political roles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phanariotes ) and the aegean islands got rich from shipping . 
  some form of [ hellenoturkism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hellenoturkism ) had been popular among this group , the idea that greeks would prosper as one of the leading peoples in a reformed , multiethnic ottoman empire . 
  the idea of independence only became forced among this group when the greek revolution started . 
  some sided with the greeks out of national feeling , while others opposed the revolution as they were happy with their social and economic position in ottoman society , and did n't want to risk it by supporting a rebellion of what seemed to them to be a bunch of reckless , uneducated mountain people . 
  one set of events that had a significant impact was the [ killing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constantinople_massacre_of_1821 ) of a number of constantinople greeks ( including the orthodox patriarch ) by the ottomans in 1821 in retaliation for the rebellion . 
  it 's not clear what the ultimate effects of that were ; its intent was to deter urban greeks from supporting the revolution , but it might have alienated greeks who had previously felt more integrated into the ottoman system . 
  in addition to liberal individuals , i think that kind of less-theological religion can be stable in a heavily communal setting , where religion and ethnicity are intertwined . 
  the ottoman * millet * system , more or less , which also had some precursors in the byzantine times . 
  in that case , religion is n't necessarily in the driving role , but part of a larger group identity . 
  that has obvious problems too , but it can help keep the purely religious/theological part from becoming too dominant . 
  as far as i understand , the turkish muslim minority in greece is muslim in this sense to a large extent , part of their identity rather than an item of pure religious faith . 
  greeks ' relationship to the greek orthodox church has that aspect too . 
  is n't that true in most religions , at least traditional ones ? 
  the greek orthodox church forbids marriage with non-christians unless they convert first . 
  marriage with some other christian sects is grudgingly accepted if the other church practices baptism and is somehow `` close enough '' , e.g. 
  catholic or lutheran is ok , mormon is n't . 
  unbaptized lutheran also not ok ( my lutheran dad had to actually show a baptismal certificate while doing the paperwork to marry my orthodox christian mom ) . 
  marriage with non-christian groups is n't allowed at all . 
  fortunately , the church 's legal ability to enforce that for civil purposes was removed in 1982 , so you can now get a civil marriage if the church does n't like your marriage . 
  but that 's a pretty recent development , and the church will still consider you unmarried in their eyes . 
  ( for example they wo n't baptize your kids , which in greece is considered important . ), 
  cyprus also gets a lot of israeli wedding business for similar reasons . 
  israel does n't allow jews to marry non-jews in israel , since the chief rabbinate has sole control over jewish family law . 
  but it will recognize legal marriages from other countries , so interfaith israelis wanting a marriage will book a vacation weekend in cyprus . 
   there is not a single muslim faction that can be called enlightened by any stretch of the imagination i ca n't believe a greek has to be the one to bring it up , but how about , say , turkish and albanian muslims ? 
  most are pretty moderate . 
  almost all the problems greece has had with them over the centuries have been due to politics and nationality , not religion . 
  heck , some albanians are catholic and as far as i can tell , their culture is very similar to the culture of muslim albanians , despite the religious difference . 
  there already are a lot of weapons in greece . 
  i 'm not sure where you got the idea that there are n't ? 
  gun laws are weak , and enforcement is even weaker . 
  protesters do n't use them because it 's a significant escalation . 
  throwing rocks or even molotovs at the police is basically tolerated , and people are rarely arrested for it ( even more rarely convicted ) . 
  shooting guns would be another story , and would also harm public support for the protesters , since the public does n't want a civil war between armed left-wing and right-wing paramilitary groups ( which would not be new in greece , either ) . 
  however sometimes guns are used . 
  did you know that greeks are the only people to have successfully assassinated their resident [ cia station chief ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_welch ) ? 
  i do n't think greece , and especially the local islanders , would agree to that solution . 
  main current source of anger on the islands is that the government is too slow moving refugees to the mainland , and since the islands lack facilities to handle them , it causes a big mess , both for the tourist industry and local people . 
  australia also paid cambodia $ 55 million to take refugees , and that was for a much smaller number . 
  i do n't really see europe doing something similar . 
  even before getting to questions like whether it 's legal/ethical/etc . 
  to do it , just the practicalities seem unlikely to be solved . 
  which country would the eu pay , and where is the money going to come from ? 
  back then , it was lazy greeks who wanted german money but did n't like the conditions , while now it 's honest , hardworking central/eastern europeans who want german money but do n't like the conditions . 
  greece has been asking for a common asylum policy for years now . 
  this proposal does n't achieve that , but is probably better than nothing , so yes i think will get greek support . 
   i mean , it is not uncommon to raise taxes due to normal budget constraints . 
  you do n't need to lie about it . 
  so why would he specifically invoke immigration as the reason for increasing taxes if it has nothing to do with it ? 
  it 's a right-of-center government , which typically means their voters have a default skepticism of higher taxation . 
  people do n't vote for the right-of-center parties because they want higher taxes and a more social economy . 
  you 'd vote for a left-wing party if you wanted that . 
  referendums are n't really common in most countries . 
  greece has had [ 9 of them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_referendum ) since independence , mostly relating to the former monarchy . 
  even major political changes are not normally put to a referendum , but dealt with through normal elections . 
  as far as i can find , the u.s. national government never uses referendums . 
  some states , such as california , have them for local issues . 
  but , for example , the u.s. did n't hold a referendum on whether to invade iraq , or on obamacare . 
  there 's a lot of them over there , sometimes here too . 
  did you notice the guys who 've been [ submitting stuff ] ( https://www.reddit.com/domain/renegadetribune.com ) from renegadetribune.com ? 
  a nice website that [ believes ] ( http://renegadetribune.com/jews-force-the-west-to-accept-refugees-but-refuse-to-take-any-in-israel/ ) the refugee crisis was secretly planned by the jews ( really !, 
  hah , i clicked around some of their other articles , and it 's a totally overt white-supremacist newspaper . 
  even a comical one , with an article where they [ actually blame jews for causing the refugee crisis ] ( http://renegadetribune.com/jews-force-the-west-to-accept-refugees-but-refuse-to-take-any-in-israel/ ) . 
   the latest `` refugee '' crisis stems directly from jewish foreign policy ...  oy vey , the shoah !, 
  it is used as a justification for every single jewish crime against us . 
   this refugee crisis does remind me of wwii , though , as communist jews overran europe with their asiatic hordes , raping , robbing , torturing , and murdering everyone they could get their hands on . 
  at least when it comes to unarmed immigrants , not even the usa just shoots people . 
  it 's sort of building a fence on the mexican border , but not shooting people who try to cross it . 
   there is a reason the western world works and that reason is that we tolerate everyone 's bullshit whether we like it or not . 
  where in the western world are you where this is true ? 
  as a matter of degree , yes , it happens less . 
  but you can easily get yourself into a violent confrontation by offending people in the western world . 
  i can think of many circumstances in europe where you can be violently assaulted if you offend people 's culture or religion , at least if you are in the wrong circumstances . 
  if you publicly burn or otherwise desecrate a greek flag in certain neighborhoods of athens , at best you are going to get chased out , probably beaten up . 
  if you run into a group of golden dawn , maybe worse . 
  you can also get beaten up by the far-left , in different neighborhoods . 
  i do n't think greece is the only place in europe where this happens . 
  maybe in sweden you can burn a flag in the middle of stockholm and really nobody will hurt you , because of a mixture of swedish norms of ultra-tolerance , and the fairly efficient policing . 
  but i would n't try to burn any kind of flag in hungary or poland or northern ireland unless i had a bodyguard . 
  i 'm also very careful near football stadiums , because ultras do n't like to debate peacefully if you offend them . 
  it can pretty easily leave the news though . 
  the greek situation is n't really over either and yet you do n't see any threads about it anymore . 
  ( but do n't worry , we 'll be back soon ! ), 
  also : a large number of the boats are going from turkey ( a nato member ) to greece ( a nato member ) . 
  does nato want to be sinking ships in the channel between them ? 
  i do n't think they 'll want to touch this one . 
  the politician * is * quoted as saying he wants nato to help `` protect the turkish border '' , so maybe the goal is to stop refugees before they get into turkey in the first place , rather than between turkey and greece ? 
  but turkey has n't requested any assistance , and nato is not going to force some `` assistance '' on them . 
  becoming german within one generation seems quite possible , at least in the cities . 
  i have relatives who moved there , and while the first generation are greek-germans , their kids are accepted as just germans by most people . 
  they do n't even speak greek very well . 
  they already have the legal right to move to germany if they want to . 
  it seems they do n't want to ? 
  in many european countries the right is not at all secular , either . 
  greece removed religious identification from its national id cards only a few years ago , and it was a very big political battle .
