  yes , i think if an agreement passes the greek parliament , but over the opposition of a large number of his own party , he would have little choice but to resign and call new elections in that situation . 
  this is all assuming of course that a bill arrives to pass in the first place ... 
  [ hello do you like to fish ? 
   ] ( http://www.blogcdn.com/www.aolnews.com/media/2007/08/putinshirtless.jpg ), 
  i had n't heard that one before . 
  but it reminds me of a quote from de gaulle about pardoning sartre after he was arrested in the '68 riots , `` one does n't arrest voltaire '' . 
  now i am going to imagine all french presidents announcing policy decisions in this metaphorical manner . 
  i think that 's likely , yeah . 
  the pro-austerity parties have 103/300 seats , while syriza/anel have 162 between them ( 149 +13 ) , so the government could afford more than half of its group defecting and still pass a bill , if the pro-austerity parties vote 100 % in favor . 
  but in such a situation it would be clear that tsipras no longer had a mandate as leader . 
  i think he can only survive if defections are kept to a small number . 
  if 10 syriza mps vote against that 's ok , if 50 do it 's a different situation . 
  there 's a mixture of refugees and economic migrants . 
  recently i think the proportion of refugees has increased , because the mess in syria has gotten worse , and the turkish government has stopped trying to keep their border closed . 
  some of the syrians leaving in this wave even have money , since they were middle-class people in cities before isis took over . 
  unfortunately for them , when they go to the greek banks to receive a wire transfer or withdraw money , they find a different problem ... 
  there 's a wing of the party that does n't like the eu , but i think the leadership is fairly pro-europe . 
  of course it 's a political constraint too , since syriza would n't have won if it had run on an anti-europe message . 
  but i think the instincts of people like tsipras , dragasakis , varoufakis , etc. 
  are broadly in favor of `` the european project '' in some form . 
  even among those more on the left of the party , there 's a significant current of `` pro-europe , but a different europe '' type politics . 
  the debate 's somewhat similar to that within other eu left-wing parties ( like die linke ) : some people think that the eu is fundamentally a neoliberal project and exiting it is the only solution , while others think that it can be salvaged to be an `` eu of the people , not corporations '' and worry that anti-eu politics just plays into the hands of nationalists . 
  as someone who is n't a right winger , i think it 's in some ways fortunate for greece that the dominant right-wing populist party has such a `` brown '' streak to it , which limits their growth potential . 
  if greece had a cleaner right-populist party , or even a sort-of clean one like the new version of front national , they might have been in power by now . 
  syriza got a lot of voters who would naturally fit in such a party better than a left-wing one , and who voted syriza only because of the lack of a right-wing alternative ( some voted anel instead , but that party also has too much weirdness to become big ) . 
  it is interesting to think of how the political landscape would be different if a right-wing populist government were in exactly the same situation that syriza is in now . 
  some of the basic issues would remain the same , but the set of allies/opponents would shift somewhat . 
  i think varoufakis 's initial goal was to negotiate a specific % of gdp each year that greece would need to repay , but gain the authority to decide how to come up with that money itself . 
  greece has to run a 1.5 % budget surplus , but can choose to do so any way it wants without external micromanagement . 
  it seems that proposal was a nonstarter , though . 
  the majority of u.s. prs are under the family reunification criteria , so i do n't believe the education level is taken into account . 
  for some reason american policy mainly favors allowing immigration from relatives of existing immigrants . 
  at the moment , jobs and money are pretty much the topic of discussion here , but you may have asked at a bad time ... 
  the situation on some of the greek islands in recent weeks is crazy . 
  lesbos , an island about 10 km off the coast of turkey , [ received 1,600 arrivals ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/07/07/greek-island-of-lesvos-faces-immigration-crisis/ ) on a single day last week . 
  there are no facilities to handle that volume of refugees , and at the moment spare cash to build them is n't materializing . 
  [ residents and even some tourists ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/08/greek-island-refugee-crisis-local-people-and-tourists-rally-round-migrants ) are trying to provide basic humanitarian assistance to all these people , who are now basically homeless in a foreign country with no food or shelter , but one complication is that doing so might be illegal ( can be construed as helping/hiding illegal immigrants ) , and the other is that there are just far too many . 
  although it helps them a bit in terms of `` on the ground '' activists to have such a large array of parties , the party in practice is n't quite as diverse as you might expect . 
  one constituent party , syn aka synaspismos , effectively dominates syriza . 
  tsipras was head of syn before it joined syriza , and syn was by far the largest of the parties that merged to form syriza . 
  that 's caused some tension in the party , but not enough for it to split ( yet ) . 
  i believe all the ministers come from what 's informally called the `` leadership faction '' around tsipras , which is mostly ex-syn people , plus a few new `` outsiders '' ( like varoufakis , who is n't a member of any party ) . 
  many of the parties to the left of tsipras 's grouping are organized into an internal group called the syriza left platform , which opposes tsipras 's negotiation strategy , and prefers direct confrontation and immediate withdrawal from the euro . 
  they tried to veto the choice of varoufakis as finance minister , since varoufakis was strongly pro-euro and preferred a solution of renegotiating the bonds into bonds with gdp-linked repayments , but they were n't able to stop him being appointed . 
  one of the more prolific writers in english representing the left platform is [ costas lapavitsas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/costas_lapavitsas ) , fwiw . 
  thanks , obama . 
  the church pays no taxes on church property . 
  somewhat like in the usa , it 's considered a nonprofit and exempt from taxation . 
  but it also runs a bunch of businesses , which are sometimes pretty shady . 
  this has been a long-term left-wing complaint , so i think this one in particular syriza should n't have an ideological problem with ( the church typically aligns with the right-wing politically as well ) . 
  it 's possible that 's why it was put into the speech , to bring up an example that the greek left could agree with . 
  although the church remains quite popular , especially in rural areas , so it 's possible that a fight with the church could damage the government . 
  islands pay vat of 16 % instead of the national 23 % [ edit : except crete , which pays the full 23 % ] . 
  the original motivation was to encourage development on the islands , which are strategically important but sparsely populated and poorer than the mainland ( though not as bad as in the 1950s-70s , when the islands were extremely poor , in many cases lacking even basic services like an electric grid , resulting in mass emigration ) . 
  the eu dislikes this break partly because they feel that raising vat to 23 % on the islands will pull in more tax revenue from tourism , and partly because they fear that it enables tax evasion , as even athens businesspeople might ( illegally ) use vat numbers registered on the islands . 
  the shipowners is a really complex situation i do n't understand very well , because it involves maritime law . 
  very few commercial ships fly eu flags ( or the u.s. flag ) , but rather flags of convenience from places like caribbean nations . 
  then different countries have more or less effective ways of trying to regulate them anyway based on where they are `` really '' based . 
  i think overall it will be difficult to get money from greek shipowners , though , since very little of their business is physically tied to greece . 
  their money is already in luxembourg or switzerland , and if push comes to shove they will just move out of greece . 
   even if it is in breach of other treaty obligations , for example to use the euro . 
  especially since a number of eu countries are already in breach of this one for many years . 
  some , like denmark and the uk , have an opt-out from the euro , but not all do . 
  for example sweden is obliged by treaty to join the euro , but has not done so . 
  does this mean sweden will be expelled from the eu ? 
  not likely . 
  i could imagine greece being suspended for other reasons , but not for this particular one . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i do n't live in greece anymore , but for some reason i thought it had been cancelled . 
  i remember people making a big effort to collect receipts in 2010 when it was introduced , but maybe just because it was new . 
  one problem i think is just the structure of the greek economy , with many mom-and-pop shops . 
  this has positive aspects , but big corporations are easier for a government to deal with . 
  where i live now ( northern europe ) the vast majority of stores are owned by corporations , many of them very large corporations , but generally at least medium-sized . 
  they document their own sales pretty closely , because the registers are operated by employees , and they do n't want employees stealing from the company . 
  lidl strictly requires that all sales be rung up through the cash register not because the government requires it , but because they want to make sure the lidl employee is n't taking cash out of the register or giving away free goods . 
  since this creates a paper trail , it 's very hard for them to lie about their sales to the tax authority . 
  with independent businesses who have no employees , or only friends/family as employees , it 's a lot easier to fudge your income . 
  even here , i am 90 % sure many of those kinds of businesses cheat on their taxes . 
  for example freelance carpenters and plumbers often are paid in cash and are somewhat famous for tax evasion . 
  but they are n't a big proportion of the economy , so it 's not as big a systemic problem . 
  you might remember this , but for the benefit of non-greeks : for a while ( 2010-2013 ) there was a tax incentive to request receipts ( and similarly , a tax penalty for * not * requesting receipts ) . 
  your income tax rate was determined in part by how many receipts you turned in at the end of the year . 
  the baseline was that you were supposed to `` document '' the spending of at least 10 % of your income if you made less than $ 12,000 , and at least 30 % of your income if you made more . 
  if you turned in fewer receipts than that , you paid a higher tax rate as penalty . 
  if you turned in more , you paid a lower tax rate on the extra `` documented '' portion of your income . 
  there 's some information on it in english [ here ] ( http://livingingreece.gr/2010/02/12/taxes-greece/ ) . 
  i do n't remember why this was scrapped . 
  i remember there was some concern that verifying millions of pieces of paper mailed into the tax office was itself very expensive ( and nearly futile to do in any detail ) . 
  `` no clean '' , the world 's least effective cleaning product !, 
  well see that 's the problem . 
  varoufakis had a really great proposal , hidden somewhere in the building . 
  but then he resigned and [ left ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2015/07/06/my-work-here-is-done-yanis-varoufakis-tells-crowd-before-boarding-spaceship-home/ ) and now we ca n't find where he hid it . 
  it 's a bit of an exaggeration , or at least a reenactment of some particularly bad versions of it . 
  for example trying to figure out if a woman is pregnant definitely happens , but then the confrontational part where the owner explains why he would n't want to hire a pregnant woman is n't so common -- the subtext would be understood without needing to say it . 
  here it 's kind of spelled out for the benefit of the ad 's message . 
  there is quite a power differential , though , both due to culture and very high youth unemployment , so some bosses can be very direct . 
  ineffective enforcement of labor laws also emboldens them . 
  in other parts of europe employers are more careful to avoid saying things that could be used as evidence of employment discrimination , but employment-discrimination law in greece does n't really have teeth in practice ( even just getting employers to pay the agreed salary for the hours worked barely happens , as they withhold wages for all kinds of excuses ) . 
  i hope you meant [ the band ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvg2m68hdqw ) . 
  a decent amount is directed inwards , it 's just not at the forefront at the moment since the hot topic is the troika negotiation .
