fight the system woofer, 
  ok so i do n't get it . 
  how come a business can not refuse a client ? 
  it 's not discrimination , it 's a business . 
  why are n't homeless people accepted in restaurants , even if they might have the money ? 
  if refusing hobos is ok , why not refuse people with very poor hygiene in your hair saloon ( might not be the case here , just exemplifying ) ? 
  as a business owner , i think i have the right to choose to whom i offer my services . 
  sure i can see why the woman might be upset ( choosing customers based on religion is stupid and counterproductive ) , but it is the business owner 's stupidity . 
  if i run a bar and some hobo comes up to order a drink , stinking up my place and might be bothering other customers , but he has the money , what am i supposed to do ? 
  accept him because otherwise i 'll be fined for discrimination based on hygiene ? 
  hygiene is as much of a personal matter as religion and clothing style . 
  if i 'm just a retarded businessman and i do n't like the client that just entered , i can not deny him service ? 
  does this seem absurd to anyone else ? 
  since when hurting my own income is illegal ? 
  edit - let 's say that a certain religion is considering daily showers a sin . 
  a certain adept of it walks in my bar , and he smells like a zoo . 
  his religion and beliefs tell him that this is his natural state , and i do n't really care because my religion is cash money and his presence will empty my bar and hurt my business . 
  am i discriminating ? 
  i know it seems stupid , but if a muslim walks into a bar and orders tap water all night i 'm not allowed to refuse ? 
  if a christian priest comes in my bar and tries to preach not drinking alcohol ( lol they 're pro drunkards in romania , but bear with me ) whilst drinking tap water , i 'm not allowed to get him out ? 
  when is it pc to refuse service ? 
  kind of seems like a loophole . 
  any denial of service can be discriminating , if you want it to be . 
  of course . 
  but most of the money is owned by companies and 1 % rich individuals . 
  guess who 's gon na bite the pay drop . 
  then you add the fact that most companies will relocate for cheaper workforce ( the british wo n't work for low wages ) , eu jobs will disappear , the pound wo n't go up again as a result ( will stagnate at around this level , may drop a bit after the exit ) . 
  the money that eu provided for research , undeveloped regions etc ( not included at all in this estimate ) should be provided by the government , which would be under pressure already since half the country did not really want the exit . 
  i think you can see how all this snowballs . 
  it 's not just 75bln , it 's a complex issue in which the status quo is the better choice . 
  further more , who knows the actual loss ? 
  really no one , since we ca n't predict the future . 
  i think that there will be no brexit . 
  the cost is a bit steep . 
  i may be wrong . 
  also please note that i 'm definitely not an expert , just an amateur with an internet connection . 
  no one expects the romanian-spanish-indian inquisition, 
  yea man you 're totally right . 
  we have a saying in romanian which is very fitting for this situation `` dragoste cu sila nu se poate '' . 
  it informally ( kind of , sort of , not really ) translates to `` forced love is rape '' . 
  i guess you ca n't really satisfy everybody on a continent , not that eu is even close to that . 
  you have a good point . 
  at the end of the day , this might just be a cultural difference . 
  from my point of view , if the british hold a referendum and they decide that a brexit is perfectly fine , it 's not the eu 's fault by any chance . 
  it 's just the will of the people . 
  i ca n't see how the council can be held accountable for something they played no role in . 
  of course that most people who voted lived in the eu for so long that they might not even remember how things were before the eu , and imagining how things will be without the eu ( esp . 
  in this case i think that people will literally think it will be fine , because the eu is so ingrained in state economy it 's nuts to imagine it running without ) . 
  i 'm biased because romania joined in 10 years ago . 
  i was in the supermarket yesterday looking for some orange juice and all packages mentioned `` at least 20 % fruit '' which is eu law . 
  10 years ago we had no info if the thing we were drinking had the slightest amount of fruit , and tbh it most definitely did n't have ( except the really expensive stuff ) . 
  eu improves lives through regulations like this , and people tend to take it for granted . 
  not to mention i work in a french company , and i deal with european citizens all day long . 
  things might be radically different in the uk , but i doubt it . 
  people might just tend to overlook this . 
  people get scared in these situations . 
  the brexit will actually scare eurosceptics . 
  i 'm calling it right now : \u2022 eu will not accept any deal with the uk unless free movement is involved \u2022 uk will basically be forced to accept free movement ( the main issue for leave campaign ) and will basically pump money in the eu , without any say and no special treatment . 
  \u2022 euroscepticism will fall because there is now a precedent . 
  this precedent might relapsed . 
  this precedent actually unifies by example . 
  \u2022 please note that not all other countries in the eu see things like the uk . 
  you guys think more of your country than the average european does . 
  you 've always been like this . 
  i 'm sure the uk will be just fine in the following years , after they leave the eu and rebuild their economy , but right now the eu is getting even more homogeneous . 
  we start liking each other more , and there is no big former empire that we have to accord special treatment to anymore . 
  everyone 's on the same page . 
  sure some crazy people will talk , but they always did and will always do ( see the hungarian in the netherlands that wanted romania to leave eu ) . 
  what are you talking about from where i 'm at there is no euroscepticism . 
  from what i read , people are getting more europhile if anything . 
  you know , chaos in certain situations raises confidence for the observers . 
  it 's nothing malicious , just human nature . 
  we 're all in some sort of `` competition '' , and this show just inspires the masses to never do this shit . 
  imagine if the eu fell down right now , and each and every country had to start from scratch regarding trade deals , new jobs , lack of investment , lack of stability , no more travelling with just your id and all that shit . 
  it 's batshit insane . 
  sure the masses are dumb , but now that they 've seen a precedent , they wo n't vote out anytime soon . 
  edit : nvm you 've edited the comment . 
  you 've initially said that euroscepticism is rising in all eu countries, 
  i for one am scared shitless and pretty sure that the economy is going down . 
  i think we 'll even go over the limits imposed by the eu with the current government . 
  oh well , i guess our progress and development will be set back 10 years or so . 
  the politicians do n't care , keeping people poor and stupid is in their interest , because anyone with half a brain would either leave or vote for someone else . 
  or some miracle will happen , the corrupt idiots will get arrested , politicians will get scared and stop acting like they are doing now . 
  but that 's just wishful thinking . 
  yes it is . 
  have n't you heard of the beautiful mountains of australia , the alps ? 
  oh and i heard that they are great doctors . 
  shame ? 
  how about prison ? 
  i think crimes against humanity is a good enough reason, 
  its like politicians suddenly started screeching in autistic, 
  a is for apple , \u00e3 is more like `` uh '', 
  too soon :(, 
  e d g y b o y e, 
  this a cult not a clique on the net, 
  oh , you sweet summer child . 
  they can and most probably they will . 
  blatant lies have never been an issue with psd ( sdp in english ) . 
  well ... rtv ( romania tv , ikr ) is privately owned by a felon who is nowhere to be found . 
  the only public ( state owned ) channel is tvr , who is controlled by psd by proxy ( people who handle it are part of the psd or influenced by them ) at this moment in time .
