  want to throw down bro ? 
  beef jerky is sold at spar and merkur  always grab a bag when i see one . 
  very expensive but tastes so good . 
  it is . 
  german efficiency and quality you see . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5ip-du1mry ), 
  if you think this is bad you should check out pictures of dresden before the allied bombings and after the bombings . 
  we have similar things but you ca n't just buy them without a recipe . 
  yes , that one . 
  aspirin is over the counter but the products you mentioned contain codeine or pseudoephedrin , those are not available without one . 
  depends on your `` hausarzt '' , some are very liberal with the prescriptions some are not . 
  from what i can tell it is very rare that you get one of those . 
  when i worked in a hospital i think i saw one or two bottles of codeine containing cough syrup a week tops . 
  dominik christopher von der nord see , 
  if you want high build quality i can recommend amy shishas . 
  might be a bit challenging importing it to the us though . 
  db updates are always in the 1gig plus range no matter what they update . 
  imho they should re-do the updating system so the file sizes get smaller . 
  literally the first thing that comes up when you google it . 
  the auto balancing is horrid , it should occur automatically several times per match and not on vote . 
  wings . 
  being pushed back is not being stomped . 
  i think you should go and see a doctor . 
  if you have issues controlling movement or motions of your body , that sounds a bit more serious than `` just '' overtraining . 
  i would contact your embassy , they will help you to set things in motion . 
  also a visit to your local bh might not be a bad idea . 
  bezirkshauptmannschaft , they usually are the ones who deal with all that stuff . 
  and then a car runs you over and you need to get surgery , suddenly you are sitting on a $ 350,000 , - hospital bill . 
  i hope you saved that up while thinking ahead . 
  yeah but a tiefk\u00fchltruhe is a freezer and a gefrierschrank is fridge . 
  no , ice chest is a k\u00fchlbox , gefrierschrank/k \u00fchlschrank is a fridge and a freezer is a tiefk\u00fchlbox / tiefk\u00fchler . 
  oh i earned one alright , only problem is they did n't give it to me . 
  half way to the lantern and my stupid coal thing still is no where to be found . 
  the lack of proper auto balancing and no punishment for just leaving games constantly is close to game breaking imho . 
  you either join a game and stomp the others or you join a game and get stomped . 
  fair games , sadly , are not what you usually get . 
  yeah but these guys are pinning and spend half of their life in a gym . 
  the bmi or in fact this calc is not created to represent the extremes . 
  uhm no ? 
  the whole idea of the eu is to unifie the countries economically . 
  that is why you can send money and items all around the eu without paying any tolls . 
  but if you meant that they would n't open a branch in the eu but simply import everything , you are right . 
  just a fyi , these experiences wo n't magically make you into a new , more alpha person . 
  in the end it still comes down to you working on yourself . 
  check out the drei mobil internet packages . 
  i currently use the 45 $ for 150 down and 100 up and it works pretty well . 
  also you can just take it with you if you want to . 
  well he did say that it was just an observation . 
  take a hit brah , all makes sense then . 
  why did you post that in / r/dirtybomb doe ? 
  runescape peaked in popularity in 2012 with over 300k player online frequently and over 400m accounts created . 
  then eoc came and it kind of died with only 20k players and now is slowly regaining a playerbase . 
  nx is still not out ? 
  [ like this ? 
  just google for a pic and then cut him out with the magnetic lasso tool . 
  takes about 1-2 minutes including some cleanup afterwards . 
  pumpkin seed oil . 
  is n't this so water does n't splash up your ass ? 
  i dislike it since it tends to select more or sometimes less things than i want . 
  in the end it usually comes out to the same amount of work . 
  yeah but as you can see in the video the background is perfect for selecting , try doing that in a completely regular picture with a noisy background . 
  from my experience i get a better and quicker selection using the lasso . 
  that 's like saying is n't schwarzw\u00e4lderkirsch a strict schwarzwald thing . 
  that 's the place of origin but does n't mean other austrians do n't enjoy it . 
  i crashed once and still am happy about atgatt . 
  if you want to know why people are so adamant about atgatt in that sub check out what somebody looks like after he sled over asphalt in a t-shirt at almost any speed over 30 km/h . 
  is there an rough eta ? 
  we know from hearthstone it seems to be 6-12 hours after na . 
  quick reply , quick answer . 
  cheers !, 
  i still did n't recieve any trinket . 
  splash dmg pls, 
  i read most of the text but i also did n't make it to the end . 
  honestly i would question myself what the goal here is ? 
  was it wrong what they did ? 
  yes . 
  is it worth the time and money to go after them for what seems to be very small damages ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  remember this is not the us , lawsuits do n't award you ridiculous amounts of reparations . 
  if it still seems worth it i would recommend getting in touch with the ak , this probably would be the most cost efficient solution to acquire a lawyer for this case . 
  idk if you fixed it yet but just restart steam , when steam has updated and you still are on the old version db does n't launch . 
  took me a while to figure that one out . 
  basically they badly translate tabloid articles and then other bad tabloids pick it up . 
  as with every story and rumor though there is a true core to it but i would n't trust thelocal further than i can throw it . 
  if you want better journalism that actually amounts to anything i would recommend other sources . 
  by the way this is the story you mentioned : http://salzburg.orf.at/news/stories/2752513/, 
  the most reliable source is to read the german ones . 
  honestly i ca n't think of any austrian outlets that provide translated news which are worth a damn . 
  even a quick google search only brought me to a gov site providing 404 links : http://www.bmeia.gv.at/en/embassy/beirut/news/news-from-austria.html, 
  the government page featuring links to most things you could possibly want to know . 
  ak link to their material about pension . 
  wikipedia page about the most current pension law , also displaying how your contribution and payout is calculated . 
  i think most people wo n't know exactly how it works as it does n't affect them for at least a few more years and changes to the system are quite frequent , which is a good thing since the over-aging of the populous is a heavy weight on the current system . 
  without changes the amount of pension you get from the state pension will probably not cover your living costs in say 50 years unless there is a drastic change in the age median . 
  [ picture from my balcony taken about 20 minutes ago . 
  i do n't know how i feel about this . 
  where is the pic with the girls , the bike and you ? 
  ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/5006806195.png ), 
  these websites are notoriously bad at actually booking hotels , always double check when you book using a third party website because they just do n't give a fuck once they got their cut of the deal . 
  looks like the entrance to the the mines of moria .
