  just a ton of luck . 
  this is very specific question that is hard to answer because of the lack of uniform legislature regarding this topic . 
  contact the embassy of each country you are going to visit , they should be able to tell you which precautions you need to take . 
  do n't underestimate not knowing the native language . 
  i certainly would n't want to spend years in a country without being able to communicate with locals in the native language . 
   i know zero german, 
  do n't . 
  just do n't . 
  while there are courses taught in english you will be isolated af , a country that speaks a more or less heavy german dialect , sometimes even giving germans trouble understanding us and you want to live here . 
  yes we do speak english , yes technically you could somehow make it without german but just do n't . 
  also judging from the things you listed , you think are important , it is obvious so far you did 0 research on this . 
  doing your own work , learning on your own , both basic skills you will need to study here . 
  my tip : start to learn german , see if you can deal with it , do some research , even if it is n't easy this should be a more than doable task for somebody who wants to study , do research on visas , talk to people who actually made it here and now study . 
  also read this : http://www.zeit.de/studium/hochschule/2015-08/study-abroad-germany, 
  same more or less applies to austria , one of the favourite links for people to post in / r/germany . 
  generally you need to apply for a dorm room 1 + year in advance so you are probably not going to get anything . 
  i 'd try my luck with sharing an apartment with some other students . 
   and btw while i talked to him he commented that i am overweight and maybe should change my lifestyle to be healthier and do more sport ( while he knows i am not allowed to to any kind of sport right now because i have a leg injury ) where i do n't know whether this is illegal or just him being a dick . 
  why would that be illegal ? 
  it 's a suggestion , a good one at that , being overweight severely affects your health and life expectancy . 
  it also is in the employers best interest for his workers to be in good health . 
  losing weight at that can be achieved without adhering to a workout schedule but it obviously helps . 
   as far as i know its legal what he does up to that point but i want to check back with other people who know more about it . 
  it is : https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/betrvg/__102.html if they follow this , letting go of people in the trial period is 100 % legal if nothing else was put in the contract . 
  look at this situation from your employers perspective , would you want employees that are sick constantly , not doing their jobs and yet you have to pay them while they are away ? 
  probably not . 
  once you are working somewhere for a longer time period it usually is no problem when you get sick but if you are just starting there and already clock in weeks of sick leave it usually is a sign of a not very reliable worker so why take a chance there . 
  if it is fair or not is not for me to decide but it is legal , maybe not when they say it is because of your sickness but they will just deny that it is because of that . 
  i am not sure which law should be violated by letting you know who is sick ( somebody has to cover for them right ? ), 
  and who got fired ( would n't you notice them missing ? ) . 
  it certainly is not very professional but i do n't think it is illegal , best thing to do would be to contact your union or if you do n't have one hr , they usually can throw around some weight . 
  either way i would n't stay at that place , sounds like a really shitty place to work at . 
  suing your workplace is not a smart idea , stories like that go around . 
  if you really want to take a chance ( i do n't think you have a case ) , do it after you get a new job . 
  as said union and hr are the places to be , alternatively contacting the highest instances about this behaviour could also change things , but again , i would n't do that while still working there . 
  yeah if you pay for it for example , 
  so this is from the perspective of somebody with 100 hours playtime in the firs week and exactly 0 hours since then : i ca n't even be bothered to update the game , when the first expansion came out i thought to myself , well maybe this is worth checking out , i opened uplay and the update started . 
  while looking at the screen i was thinking about what the update might contain and what the new dlc might have added . 
  after about 1 minute i came to the conclusion that a. 
  it does n't matter what they add because it will be worthless trash anyways in a month or two and b. even if it was n't what would i do with the new stuff ? 
  i sure as hell was n't down to running the same mission 100 times again just to get some boring ass guns that do n't feel different from what i have now . 
  this game gives no incentive to me to come back as of now , the pve part is redundant because gear will be worthless after each patch , pvp is shit and boring , only happens in a pve zone and also does not reward you . 
  the world is empty and boring , the play style always the same , you ca n't even create different builds because stash space is limited and it takes ages to switch all the gear . 
  why on earth would anybody come back unless they completely redesign the game ? 
  and we all know they wo n't , they already cashed in , no reason to put any effort in the new content or the old one . 
  i feel pretty sad this is the direction the division headed in , i have n't played a game that extensively since runescape and had really high hopes , well never trust ubisoft . 
  what if there would be a variety of different builds and play styles instead of power creep ? 
  i play a lot of diablo and i never feel like the time i invest is worthless , every character has a plethora of different gameplay styles to choose from , even without gear sets . 
  i 'll trim yours for free , just trade it over to me . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yha2gchkika ), 
  well if you check the login used for the admin panel it actually is the silk road , dread pirate roberts was the owner of the first and original silk road . 
  easter egg or relevant , i do n't know , but the site looks like the original sr but has things original sr did n't have . 
  well it is a show portraying slightly alternated reality , maybe sr was n't shutdown in theirs ? 
  but you are right , most likely just an homage to the real sr. 
  while this is a correct statement it is not really correct for this situation , ~ ~ a ~ ~ not every stabbing is not considered a terroristic act . 
  edit : so since this is already a controversial comment after 10 minutes , the us can still exercise their law on grounds of involvement of an citizen . 
  they however can not on grounds of an terroristic act . 
  papers on the problem of defining `` terrorism '' and `` terroristic act '' :, 
  [ defining terrorism in national and international law ] ( https://www.unodc.org/tldb/bibliography/biblio_terr_def_walter_2003.pdf ), 
  [ what is ` terrorism ' ? 
  problems of legal definition ] ( http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/journals/unswlawjl/2004/22.html ), 
  [ defining terrorism : the evolution of terrorism as a legal concept in international law and its . 
  influence on definitions in domestic legislation ] ( http://lawdigitalcommons.bc.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1054&amp;context=iclr ), 
  i never said it is n't . 
  i do not condone any violence , especially when there is so little known about this case . 
  well yes , but i do not think the woman stabbed is falling in this category . 
  [ i can really recommend this paper on the subject of defining terrorism . 
  hold down the ctrl key and scroll up . 
  i am sorry , i am afraid i do n't quite follow . 
  what car ? 
  oh , i updated my original post with 2 more papers on the topic . 
  maybe one of those 2 works better for you ? 
  the problem is proofing that an action is a terroristic act , when defining one you usually need :, 
  * significance of what has happened on a political or international scale, 
  * destruction of property or taking of human lives, 
  these two points are usually agreed upon . 
  in this case there certainly is the loss of at least one human life and the injuring of others so what is there significance on an political or international scale ? 
  as far as we know the woman was not a politician or held an position considered important on a national or international scale . 
  if we now were to consider every violent act that causes the loss of life or destruction of property as an act of terrorism , which may be possible but not wise in my opinion , the term in itself would lose its meaning . 
  stabbings can be see as terrorism und the correct circumstances , which in my opinion and supported by views presented in these papers , is not the case here . 
  feel free to disagree , just make sure you argue your point well . 
  indications are strong but should always be taken with a grain of salt , strange things happen every day . 
  i am not putting myself on a side here , i am not for or against , just wanting to have a full picture before judging . 
  just a little fyi santa claus does traditionally not exist here , especially in the south . 
  instead we have the christkind . 
  3 months to 5 years , paragraph 130 of the german stgb, 
  formatting does nothing do destroy the data , you need to override it with 0s or optionally take a drill and drill a hole into the harddrives . 
  alternatively nuke them in a microwave or smash them with a hammer . 
  start learning german like yesterday , save up money , do research . 
  what prevents you from looking up the statistics ? 
  also being an adult is about conciously taking risks , assessing what risk is worth the return and which is n't . 
  well the people are right , motorcycles are dangerous , if a car crashes into you risk of death is pretty high . 
  if you are too scared to take these risks do n't . 
  if you are scared while riding you wo n't have a good time . 
  have you considered just getting a dirtbike and do some offroading ? 
  you 'll eliminate the risk of getting run over there . 
  if you are not a track guy a regular one is enough . 
  the r just lets you adjust the suspension fully and has better brakes . 
  that said if you can get the r for the same price or cheaper get it  the matte paint is dope, 
  how do you break out of false awakenings ?
