  there was an askreddit thread a while ago where hotel employees said that these third party websites always do half assed booking jobs , leaving out important information etc. 
  and that everybody using one to book a room should always double check with the hotel . 
  i too have had mixed experiences with such websites but in the end it is anecdotal evidence , as is yours and such not real evidence . 
  kind of like the crysis games . 
  never really intended to be games , more like showcases for the cryengine . 
  that is absolute horse shyte . 
  buy a $ 5 crypter of hackforums from some kid and your malware is 100 % fud . 
  good luck with your av picking that one out before it is too late . 
  any particular reason to think he had to have a gun ? 
  ca n't you fire a bullet without having a gun ? 
  so also no chance he used a small pip that laid around with a hammer ? 
  sorry if these questions are absolutely stupid to somebody who knows what he does , i am just curious , 
  are there any plans for map editors and community servers with plugin support ? 
  also would it be possible to make a development road map public ? 
  just showing roughly what you are working on . 
  and lastly , who had the glorious idea to make trade in cost 3 cards of the same rarity across the board . 
  i wasted 3 golds to get the exact same card that i wanted to get rid of . 
  most definitely . 
  i know from experience from working on my own game making future content public always adds pressure but a few sneak peaks would be really awesome . 
  what about adding a vanilla settings list that can be change as a host wants but anything else changes deactivates xp gain ? 
  iirc battlefield had a similar system where too heavily modified servers just did n't reward any global xp . 
  language is a problem , if you believe it or not the uni profs will not give a shit about wehter you can understand the lecture or not . 
  obviously there are some courses being held in english but the majority is n't and a2 or b1 is too little to understand an academic conversation . 
  also living in germany is n't really all that cheap , for food , if you can cook , you will have to factor around $ 200 per month , rent can range from $ 300 to $ 600 easily per month depending on the city you choose . 
  that is not even taking into consideration electricity , water , sewage , internet , phone and various costs such as clothing , going out , netflix/spotify etc. 
  also you have n't added for how long you stay , if it is just a semester or two you probably can make do with the costs but if it is much longer it will become a huge factor . 
  the cost to study in itself is n't the problem , fees are very minor , most books do n't cost too much but living is n't cheap . 
  i personally need about 700-800 euros a month but i also do n't have to pay rent for my flat . 
  to be honest it does n't seem as if you have done very much research so far , i could be wrong though . 
  a hookah is 12-18 euros in the cities , a beer costs as much as a tea or water in a hookah bar . 
  also i do n't know what kind of people told you they drink 3 beers a day but that is more alcoholism than every day life . 
  [ nee echt jetz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0oxpgetolw ), 
  have you ever wasted 6 gold loadouts to get the same shitty loadout you wanted to get rid of again ? 
  feels fucking bad man . 
  [ mundl sagt wies is . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg9pkhalwca ), 
  this is correct , the paragraph you are referring to is \u00a7 171 abgb, 
  i just made a 32k version and imgur ca n't display it . 
  i am not sure how i feel about this . 
  oh the pictures are really small , the 16k version is 500kb and the 30k version i made is 1.3 mb . 
  [ did it look like this ? 
  i want my trinket , you got my trinket ? 
  be very careful when it comes to medication , young kids are heavily over medicated in the adhd regard . 
  not every kid that does n't want to focus on what you tell it to focus on actually has adhd , this especially goes for boys . 
   i was hoping this community could share some points i can raise during contract negotiations, 
  i mean besides the obvious english speaking advantage i doubt we can tell you too much ? 
  we do n't really know anything about you and your specifications . 
  one thing to keep in mind though is that in austria there is a system where for some branches there are so called kollektivvertr\u00e4ge ( collective contracts ) which would apply too all workers in that specific branch . 
  i am not sure if your branch also has them but it might be worth taking a look . 
  i think this should be removed from steam . 
  the whole cs : go gambling story is scratching the line already but this is way over it . 
  gameplay speed . 
  it is pretty fast but also manages to direct players in the map . 
  in battlefield you constantly get killed from behind and above because of how the maps are laid out and the spawn system works . 
  i seem to recall that people in the us frequently get jailed for tweets , especially for tweeting anything with the word bomb in it . 
  would n't that technically also be protected by free speech ? 
  this guy gets it . 
  that is called indoctrination . 
  indeed it is . 
  saying it is n't similar to saying the is mentality is n't a threat because it is n't an immanent threat and i think we can agree that the is has pretty bad ideas . 
  holocaust denial is part of extreme right wing ideology and is inseparable of the rest . 
  if you allow right wing extremists to spread their ideology , and i mean real right wing extremists the ones that go out and set houses of immigrants on fire and hunt jews , they gladly will do so . 
  it is a threat to a civilized society because the core idea and drive behind it is anything but civilized . 
  you do n't get arrested for holocaust denial , you get arrested for repeat offenses that are seen as a danger to society and the state . 
  please , before you keep ripping on our laws , take a minute or two and read the actual texts and the cases that use these texts . 
  also your comparison is shit since they do n't even have the same crime as a base , it is more like you come to my house and keep telling me that my dead mother is n't actually dead but hiding out in my basement and it is all a big ruse . 
  if you do that more than once , go public with it , put up websites on the internet despite it being proven that she actually died the police will come knocking sooner or later . 
  also looking for those things , moved to salzburg 2 months ago and have n't found some real local connections . 
  could you let me know when you find something op ? 
  i never played it but it sounds like a lot of fun , i 'd be down for that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxyysrgrysu ), 
  that sounds pretty good , i 'll investigate this a bit further , would love to get to know a few more people around here , 
  to take things even further there is n't one general austria dialect , the dialect changes after traveling as little as 20km in some regions ( tyrol mostly ) . 
  also it 's not 100 % that high german is the austrian national language but the modified austrian-german . 
  it mostly is the same but has quite a few vocabulary differences . 
  yeah , the govt here made it an agenda a few years ago to push clear diversification from german german , since then our national language was changed to austrian german , we have austrian german dictionaries and schools strive to teach the austrian vocabularies for german words . 
  [ here is a wiki link incase somebody is interested . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_german ), 
  that is weird , usually we are very keen on that difference , say your friends are not by chance extreme right wing nationalists ? 
  because they usually say that we are still part of germany . 
  i am aware of that , that also is why i asked if anybody tried using multiple frame rates in one project , reducing the time where it looks so hyper realistic to the action scenes and having them look good . 
  that is interesting , i saw saving private ryan but did n't notice that , maybe i should watch that movie again . 
  so would you say that most productions do n't think it is worth the effort to experiment with frame rates ? 
  that is what i had in mind on how to make it work , play everything in 59 and just add extra frames in your 24 portions to simulate 24 frames . 
  i do n't know , it just sounds like a very exciting concept to me . 
  i would solve it by producing the project in 48 or 60 fps and inserting additional frames into the 24 fps parts to simulate the `` slow '' and `` cinematic '' 24 fps . 
  somebody wrote a good post on that here . 
  i wish i had more knowledge on this subject , everything i say is just theory from somebody who has no real knowledge on professional videography but it is a very interesting subject matter . 
  a prime example for usage would be fast paced action or fight scenes . 
  i do n't know if it is just me but sometimes in movies i ca n't even see what is happening because the whole screen becomes one blurry mess , higher fps would eliminate that problem . 
  thanks , i think this reply was the one that answered my question the best . 
  not this shit again , i had to explain in several posts on your post in / r/de why this type of post is absolutely stupid , useless and belittling . 
  no not everybody is a rapist , no that guy is not pro rape , no nobody will be in danger and please drive your agenda somewhere else . 
  i dearly hope the people here do n't fall for those buzzwords in your post . 
  let 's be honest , how many people will turn up there ? 
  5 maybe 10 . 
  they will talk for a bit , maybe go get something to drink and talk more . 
  it 's not like they are setting up a meet point to go rob and rape people . 
  just because we do n't like their philosophy does n't mean they are n't allowed to have it . 
  [ may i recommend this too ?
