  nice post !, 
  thanks for taking the time to type this . 
  destroying other people 's property , how mature ; and these people are wondering why they are regarded as irrelevant . 
  scroll im video ca . 
  you need to move there . 
  how do you expect to befriend people if you only see them once a week for an hour ? 
  i am sure the germans are happy to hear you are an economic refugee and intend on abusing their social system . 
  little surprise for you , same difficulty for all of them . 
  you will have to do almost everything yourself , most things will be in german and help will be sparse . 
  / r/germanrap would like to have a word with you about your selection of songs ( except mein block that ones actually good ), 
  this is a subreddit dedicated to every person that is not german but has interest in germany . 
  this subreddit only function is to keep people like you out of our real subreddit . 
  tl ; dr : end-to-end encryption funktioniert . 
  mitm attacks funktionieren nicht , bzw . 
  why exactly ? 
  because of the credit he received ? 
  and under what jurisdiction ? 
  as far as i know it is not illegal to get a credit/loan . 
  the fuck kind of answer do you expect ? 
  wear a lederhosn , eat bratwurst & sauerkraut and pick up jodeling ? 
  see you have to stop being vegetarian to align your body better with your germanic heritage . 
  just a reminder , if it is free you are the product . 
  inb4 they do the same stuff as hola did . 
  sell your data and rout other users data over your system, 
  source please , would love to read that . 
  got the one for germany ? 
  thanks , so the users mentioned were charged under inciting racial hatred and violating the ban law of 1947 . 
  not sure why this is a big thing ? 
  seems like everything went by the book . 
  is there a supreme court ruling on this topic yet ? 
  i am form austria so i do n't really know too much about the us judicial system , only the mainland european one . 
  that depends on the cultural background of a nation , which inevitably forms it 's penal code . 
  i think we can see why germany would choose to have a harsher stance on things like inciting racial hatred and unrest than other nations given how comparatively recent the ns era has happened compared to say the genocide of the us native population . 
  interesting , so from a us american legal standpoint these postings would be legal , however based on british and german penal law they were not as they do not see inciting racial hatred as protected speech . 
  so since the posters were living under the penal code applied and in force in germany and britain it was a legal thing to do . 
  you have to understand it is not forbidden per se to say such things , problematic is when you do it in public , public being a legally defined term and meaning in front of at least 4 `` other '' people . 
  so on twitter it is accessible by millions and thus being public , if you were to make such statements while sitting with your friends it would be perfectly legal . 
  / r/germanrap, 
  just check out the top posts of all time, 
  i personally disagree , in my 21 years living under these laws i have not felt any negative effect on my life , but then again i grew up here and have a different cultural background than us americans . 
  but i can see how it might feel and look like a terribly tyrannical law . 
  true . 
  but the rest of the world does n't seem to be much less orwellian if we consider how controlled the internet has become . 
  i truly hope we can regain our freedom in that regard . 
  sorry for assuming that you were american , just statistically the chances were pretty high . 
  you know that is fair enough , germans are also not forced to stay in germany , they can migrate to the us without a problem . 
  if a large enough portion of people would take a big issue in how the law currently handles `` free '' speech they also could change it . 
  i am afraid i ca n't answer that , i do n't study political science or am german , just law and austrian . 
  this card is going to be op and broken as fuck , just posting this so i can link to this post once the complaining begins . 
  cyka blyat comrad , you forget translate google yes . 
  no good comrad . 
  do n't come here , you are delusional . 
  who are you ? 
  what answer do you expect ? 
  there is a military air base about 120 km away so it probably came from there . 
  milit\u00e4rflughafen grafenw\u00f6hr has no airplanes ? 
  weird . 
  both . 
  car is for short travel distances or when i intend on going to several places in one trip . 
  if i am just visiting one city for a few days i just take the train and use the public transport there . 
  here :, 
  * https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=today%205-y&amp;q=how%20to%20commit%20suicide,how%20to%20tell%20if%20your%20friend%20is%20suicidal, 
  * https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=today%205-y&amp;q=how%20to%20commit%20suicide,suicide%20help,suicide%20prevention, 
  also searches dropped down to normal after like 2 weeks . 
  you can change the time frame yourself but 5 years imo is better to give you a feeling what the yearly search intervals look like . 
  same shit as this https://www.rt.com/news/398263-german-population-migrant-background/ in a different color . 
  we had a discussion on this today already ... 
  crunchyroll has a very good selection i heard . 
  depends on what your definition of easily is . 
  you pay 4,99 $ and can use the service , done . 
  in my eyes that would qualify as easily available . 
  you can ask if the employer is interested in sponsoring or contributing but i would n't push them . 
  you have to , no other choice really . 
  this , sternbr\u00e4u is magnitudes worse than m\u00fcllner . 
  just pick any really , the quality-cost improvement of wine diminishes rather fast . 
  rule of thumb : if it costs more than 2 $ , is not in a carton or plastic bottle and is n't a product of mixing several wines together it most likely is okay wine . 
  professors probably wo n't answer your letter . 
  actually no that is incorrect . 
  only in the criminal law you are innocent till proven guilty , in public law , especially public penal law you are guilty until proven innocent , meaning if you get a speeding ticket you are automatically guilty until you can proof you did not actually break the speed limit . 
  if i vote i will vote for him . 
  there simply is no viable alternative for me personally currently , i really wish the green party were n't so fucked up . 
  nice one / r/austria , personal opinions are asked and you down vote personal opinions you do n't like . 
  eventuell tomaselli ? 
  i like the environment and some of the green policies but it 's no secret the green party is busted currently . 
  the \u00d6vp currently matches my `` wants '' the most , but to be perfectly honest i dislike all parties that exist currently , just so happens i hate the \u00d6vp the least . 
  i 'll wait and see if pilz will work out , if it does i 'll vote his list the next time . 
  and that means i have to not agree with everything they stand for ? 
  i also like some stuff the sp\u00d6 has but as said the \u00d6vp currently is the least bad choice for me personally . 
  hence why i wished the green party was n't as fucked as it is . 
  i dislike the neos for their economical stance , i will vote pilz in the next election if he manages to overcome 4 % and shows some of the old green core values . 
  as far as i see they are quite conservative whereas the neos are very , very liberal . 
  i do not think a completely free market is a good thing . 
  [ my bad , 4 % . 
  straying from core values and devolving in a club of harpies screaming sexism all day instead of delivering actual important things . 
   grundbirn, 
  grade average for being admitted to medicine at uni is 1.0, 
  there are people who wait 5-6 years for their average to get low enough to get into medicine . 
  there is one actually : google opinion rewards, 
  have n't used it though . 
  nur zur info : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=7496-rojc-3719,
