  so i am betting on a bigger drop coming down in the next turn ( s ) ? 
  interesting concept . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  are you drunk op ? 
  seriously are you ? 
  i agree though . 
  idk what you had but any way you could send me some of it too ? 
  i want to get proper fucked up . 
  [ wan na throw down bro ? 
  [ adam knows how to party !, 
  that 's what makes them so dangerous . 
  people in cars feel invincible and often care very little about their surroundings . 
  if you ride a bike , well most of us , you are always aware of your surroundings because more or less everything is trying to kill you . 
  basically australia in road form . 
  not impossible to survive but you need to watch out and if you survive you will have a lot of fun . 
  about good old techno , you are out of luck , only classic apres ski music is played there . 
  also the cheap condition is really tricky because skiing and living in ski regions is really expensive . 
  well there is a really good infrastructure meaning you leave your hotel , walk 1-2 minutes and take a bus which drops you off at the slope . 
  their slopes got connected . 
  then you probably will have to up your budget a bit . 
  lets remove the cards too and make it a coin flip simulator . 
  making the ccg just a g. , 
  did anybody here even see the press conference or read the article ? 
  a small group of specialists are to be deployed to coordinate offensive measures against daesh . 
  yes but heat builds up fast that way and your tobacco may burn because of it . 
  just keep an eye out for that . 
  you should have seen people when hearthstone was in closed beta . 
  that is a tricky question , now torrenting itself is not illegal , copyrighted material is illegal but then again isps in austria do not have to give out customer information to prosecution . 
  basically , if you have a dynamic ip address or use a vpn service located not in the us you are pretty save . 
  vanilla hearthstone was the best time i ever had in this game . 
  no crazy patrons , no christmas trees , fun decks that were not 100 % netdecked and the feeling you got seeing a new card in a deck you have never seen before . 
  [ here . 
  also : http://i.imgur.com/gtjfdw0.png sorry for the bad angle and all the stuff but i am on my laptop at uni, 
  edit : got a better one http://i.imgur.com/8uo79y7.png, 
  yes but you did not straight up lose the game because of them . 
  sure 10 burst damage for 8 mana is pretty good but it is n't 60 damage for 10 mana or 12 mana worth of cards for 6 mana . 
  also blizzard seemed way more interested to actively change cards in closed beta than they are now . 
  i was just about to ask if that was an e bike . 
  i wish i could afford one they seem to be sooo cool . 
  well was n't the only one but https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljxrgyilbrm&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  ] ( http://thedailybanter.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/tinfoil-hat.jpg ), 
  thank you so much op !, 
  awesome to hear more raw styled hardstyle again . 
  let me just say that that legal defense will cost far above 10k and i doubt we could really raise that . 
  the spirit counts though !, 
  catanai is what you are looking for . 
  that is a horrible summary of what is happening . 
  the searches were conducted because of the suspicion of tax evasion and some of the tobacco containing too much glycerin . 
  has nothing to do with studies or smoking being unhealthy . 
  just purchase from a different shop . 
  i am in eu and just bought it from the american store , the game is global availability . 
  can confirm [ no beta access . 
  the diablo starter version is not half . 
  you can play till level 20 . 
  no ros , which is basically the entire game at this point . 
  sc2 on the other hand offers a huge deal with the access to the arcade . 
  ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/article-1302190098855-0b84d96000000578-860242_466x567.jpg ), 
  just americans do n't use cursive , most of europe does , do n't worry , 
  here is on the decline in the us : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cursive#the_decline_of_english_cursive_in_the_united_states, 
  here cursive is still taught to every pupil and used throughout life . 
  everybody at my uni e.g. 
  ( if they are not using a laptop ) writes in cursive . 
  it 's not that special . 
  qualitaets unterlases !, 
  here is the fun part : the army fucked up blowing it up in the first place . 
  and not just the smoke stack no no , see the building next to it ? 
  they were supposed to demolish that too and just managed to destroy the stair case . 
  that 's the austrian army in a nutshell for you . 
  there are squads roaming streets in germany searching for immigrants , beating them up etc. 
  also in germany and sweden weekly houses of immigrants are set on fire . 
  it is a media blackout kind of situation . 
  yeah in zoos ... 
  seriously does it look like kangaroos would fit well into that landscape you see in the post ? 
  yeah man us americans are the biggest target democratic for a small ski resort here in austria . 
  you ca n't deny that american users amount to the largest active user group around here and most certainly in the big subs . 
  if this was cleverly disguised viral marketing for that region would n't it be a lot smarter to push it targeted at an european audience via facebook or other services that let you break down the user base based on location ? 
  you probably are , unlike evolve e.g. 
  a massive company is backing and producing this , a company that is looking more and more to get into e-sports . 
  and they found a market , tf2 ended getting support not too long ago , popular elements ( abilities ) got integrated and it sports an easy to look at and probably not-going-out-of-style-any-time-soon look . 
  there is a void that is being filled . 
  now i reckon that they sooner or later will have to drop the price or go f2p like tf2 did but i doubt they will just abandoned the game . 
  this . 
  same with digital . 
  source : have my lotv card back . 
  i purchased the digital collectors edition and it gets automatically added to your account . 
  i imagine the same exact thing happens to the physical copy . 
  i highly doubt there is an extra code just for the card back . 
  i got to rank 10 easily with a f2p mech mage . 
  this game becomes easier when spending money but skill still is a big factor . 
  golden milhouse . 
  i ever got 2 golden legendaries and both times it was milhouse . 
  i like to think that it 's a sign . 
  never played him but well , ca n't kill him a 2nd time . 
  i have n't seen one , that may be because i do not spend very much time here but rather check in once a day for a few minutes . 
  if this has been mentioned often before , sorry . 
  well they kind of are the face of islam in europe right now . 
  these people represent muslims in the public opinion , so i can somehow understand why this was posted i guess ? 
  i did not receive my first beta beta case . 
  maybe i just joined at the moment they drafted a list of eligible players but i somehow did n't get mine . 
  i would be really happy if i got one .
