  apart from the fact you should n't use 3 hoses at once i 'd say chances are the valve is blocked . 
  see if there are small balls in there , if so take them out . 
  i am quoting another poster here by saying : `` snow in alaska is not news , snow in florida is . 
  well you can go out on the street without getting shot , so that 's a huge plus . 
  how do you like it here ? 
  compared to minnesota and america in general what are big differences ? 
  that 's something i hear very often , austrians are hard to get to know but easy to befriend . 
  well i am glad you like it here . 
  is that surprising though ? 
  i mean austria is not really know for massive slave trade and african colonies , bordering countries are all european core countries too . 
  the thing about hockey is true but you can enjoy world class footie every week , 
  can confirm . 
  there are more aspects to this , hitler was not able to rise to power in austria , that was not some weird quirk of history there was a reason for that . 
  also the vote for connecting to germany should not be compared to a modern day vote . 
  this was not a secret vote , no , there were friendly ss members standing next to you while you were filling out your vote with their guns . 
  i do not want to downplay what happened but history is not as easy as that . 
  yes oh god , math warrior was incredible . 
  everybody mentions undertaker decks but math warrior was insane . 
  i wo n't deny it but i would like to point out that the idea of all austrians being okay with it is a dangerous one as well . 
  [ amy hookahs \\ ( shishas \\ ) ] ( http://www.amydeluxe.de/ ) , i rarely see them mentioned but they are the staple hookahs here in germany/austria . 
  i currently own 3 of them and my most recent purchase being an amy brass click . 
  they are all very high build quality and can basically be used out of the box , however i do recommend buying a clay head ( makes a big difference ) with a chimney ? 
  ( idk if that 's what it is called in english ) , basically [ this ] ( http://www.shisha-ratgeber.com/wp-content/gallery/kaminkopf-kamin-aufsatz/kaminkopf-kaya-birdhunter-03.jpg ) . 
  that will cost you around $ 150 , - i would guess . 
  coal heaters are plenty and i would just recommend getting one that is around $ 20 , - . 
  what i personally would recommend is a cooling piece to cool the smoke even more , makes it more pleasant to smoke . 
  edit : if you do not want to spend money on a coal heater you can just use a stove . 
  [ universe von don diablo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvb3lnde6pe ) laut last.fm, 
  another thing that many people do n't realise is that the american `` dating '' is not a thing here . 
  you do n't get somebodies number and then go out and eat , much more you get really drunk and meet somebody while being out or , as you already said , through the workplace or friends . 
  i do n't know what type of hookah you smoke but there is a reason why most people use it , you get a better distribution of heat , better smoke and better flavour . 
  you can still taste burnt tobacco and the icebazooka wo n't cover that , however it makes for a more pleasant experience , i like cold smoke . 
  amy hookahs are top tier , i really do n't know what you are talking about man . 
  it took me some time too , when you grow up watching american tv series you get used to the idea of american dating . 
  it took me really long , longer than i would like to admit , to finally figure out that nobody does this here . 
  to add to that , am i the only one who feels like raid like bosses would be something great ? 
  bosses you have to fight with other people , mechanics that require you to play certain roles , much like in wow . 
  bro spot on bro . 
  op just needs to do more biceps curls bro and use that free protein . 
  bro , thanks bro , would n't know what to do without your bro support , bro . 
  want to know what it does ? 
  if one team pushes the other to the spawn you will never come out of it again.the long respawn delay makes it so that the attacking team is trapped , ca n't reinforce fast enough and is only cannon fodder for the defenders . 
  edit : also the new balancing also does n't work often . 
  / r/hailcorporate ? 
  yeah but she is constantly crying because of gay swans , idk if that would be a problem . 
  in peace sweet prince, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gq5du93pb8 ), 
  o jesus do n't do # 1 op . 
  # 2 is solid though . 
  [ i got you fam ] ( http://news.experiencenottinghamshire.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/priests-behaving-badly.jpg ), 
  even more common is actual , physical cash . 
  most places will accept a cc but would prefer actual money any day . 
  du kennst `` netflix and chill '' ned ? 
  except 2 months a year they roam the streets in groups of 30 + and hit you sticks . 
  according to the duden it is krampi but that sounds retarded as fuck and everybody is calling them krampusse . 
  this is legit scary when a hoard of them is running after you . 
  it used to be really dangerous too , people were brought to icu because they were beat up so badly by the krampusse/perchten or the other way round , people started hunting them . 
  now there is a lot of police making sure nobody gets harmed too badly . 
  oh and there are delicious forms of alcohol . 
  oooops , til krampus is a cramp . 
  sommer !, 
  that was really anticlimactic . 
  i mean we started the most world wars , that is one fact that i can come up with in 3 seconds , that sounds way more interesting . 
  sorry if i sound rude but you are just going to carry a flag right ? 
  or are you actively participating ? 
  i mean i could be wrong but it sounds like all you have to do is carry a flag from a to b. 
  [ this sounds like this scene from family guy . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/rm3d43hlyti?t=1m16s ), 
  well it should be alright then , just chill and enjoy your time . 
  i lost ~ 20kg last year and a few things that helped me alot were/are :, 
  no sweet/fizzy drinks . 
  just water , they add a ton of calories you do n't need or even realise you consume . 
  it is primal instinct to ingest as much food as possible so in the event of not being able to hunt anything tomorrow you wo n't die . 
  these days we can just buy food so there is absolutely no need to eat until you are full . 
  just stop eating once you are not hungry anymore ( sounds easier than it is ) . 
  have an 8 hour window in which you eat food , e.g. 
  this will help you cut down the overall consumption , do not take this as an excuse to eat more though . 
  drink a glass of water before each meal or eat a clear soup . 
  this will greatly decrease your desire for food . 
  the most important thing , working out . 
  adjusting your diet will help you lose weight but working out is key . 
  do it regularly , keep the schedule and create a plan . 
  do n't use excuses to keep you from training or starting to train , nothing you do wrong while training will be worse than not training at all . 
  mix cardio with lifting , it will provide you with the best results . 
  if you are really overweight look into things like swimming to start off to protect your joints and later on switch to running . 
  obviously this is n't everything you can do but for me this provided a more than solid base for my weight loss , good luck and godspeed brother . 
  i like to vary it but a few key points always stay the same :, 
  10 minute running or cycling to warm up, 
  specific routine to certain body parts , e.g. 
  chest , biceps etc. 
  in 3x7 sets . 
  usually i try to get every body part at least 1 workout a week . 
  between sets , instead of resting , i do some leg presses or any other leg related exercise . 
  now i do n't know if it is bad or good but the leg muscles tend to regenerate really quickly , a lot faster than say arm muscles so i use this to a. give my arms a rest and b. constantly work out the legs, 
  to finish another 5-10 minutes of chilled cycling/running to calm down but keep the blood flowing . 
  i am sure there are much better and detailed routines out there but i enjoy this and it works , may not be for everyone though , 
  that 's ~ 1.3 k more per year . 
  you sound pretty ungrateful . 
  [ goldiert !, 
  are you not pc bro ?
