  that said cpus are rarely the bottlenecks when it comes to performance more often than not it is the gpu . 
  you gpu is a laptop one and equivalent to a nvidia gt 555 m which is not very good anymore . 
  you may want to consider upgrading that . 
  from the steam comments the program does n't even do anything if you have more than 2 physical cores so unless you are rocking the pentium duo it probably wo n't make that much of a difference . 
  i always thought your first and last pick had chances to be legendaries but well , til . 
  ah , i knew something special was with the first and last . 
  thanks for explaining . 
   19yo student and willing, 
  you want to study in a german speaking country you better speak german . 
  bureaucracy , day to day conversation , reading the paper , everything is in german . 
  does n't mean that austrians do n't speak english but you 'd make your own life extremely more complicated than it needs to be . 
  so quick recap to see if i got this right :, 
  ~ ~ you are 17-18 years old . 
  have no education beyond a high school one which does n't even count as abitur in germany iirc . ~ ~ you do not speak german . 
  you have no large monetary reserves . 
  you have no job offers or a job position in germany and you want to move there because of your girlfriend/boyfriend . 
  edit : misread , sorry . 
  this looks bad . 
  like a david vs. goliath bad . 
  i would evaluate if it is actually worth to jump through all these hoops just to be with your so . 
  [ here is a source on ways to get a permit to stay in germany . 
  ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/en/publikationen/broschueren/bildung-und-beruf-in-deutschland.pdf?__blob=publicationfile#page=7 ) maybe you could try for a permit as a trainee ? 
  especially for four days . 
  i get if you plan one evening for that but why four days ? 
  the wage gap is a myth . 
  [ quick explanation by prof. steve horwitz . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwizenr2rtu ), 
  probably . 
  poorly worded . 
  i would n't go to munich during that time anyways since the already high prices for everything will be even higher . 
  is `` eh '' unser `` oida '' ? 
  i think a big part of the problem is the sheer size of the sites . 
  i was there on a school trip and it took me a while to realize how bloody huge these buildings are . 
  i reckon if they were like 1/10 of the size they would just be maintained . 
  have you though about going home ? 
  it does n't seem like there are too many things that would hold you down in germany . 
  i would go mad too if i had to live in a country where i do n't speak the language , have no real job and no real connections . 
  if you are not able to pay them in full i 'd contact them and explain the situation , set up a payment plan . 
  if you do not want that you can just declare private insolvency and have your dept cut to a level that you can work off . 
  in punkto import nach gb fand ich auf die schnelle [ das ] ( http://thedomwayround.blogspot.co.at/2011/08/how-to-import-non-eu-motorbike-into-uk.html ) und [ das ] ( https://www.gov.uk/importing-vehicles-into-the-uk/overview ) . 
  there still is this old legend that swift is a / b/tard , so i would n't be too surprised . 
  ne , is ein taktisches game on the coc machern , soll richtig gut sein . 
  to add to this thelocal is not really a good source , they just translate tabloid articles and not even good translations at that . 
  i 'll do the austrian ones :, 
  i think most people know about the former bonds that we had and respect that but on the other hand people also know the troubles the size of our empire caused . 
  mostly we respect these people and treat them nicely but once in a while a joke will be made . 
  not really . 
  besides some tabloids and the habsburger-laws you do n't really hear from them anymore . 
  people see themselves as austrians , if ever there is a mention of their ancestors origins it 's more a joking one . 
  our sense of identity has seen a huge growth in the last 60 years . 
  laws and sense of privacy . 
  the cars taking the pictures of your houses etc. 
  are not exactly welcomed here . 
  i too like to use it and am sad sometimes when i ca n't check out places here but then i also like that other people ca n't check out my place from their pc  i think either way has its benefits . 
  so super am schluss wo er mitm attila befreundet is . 
  if you can afford $ 2 you can buy it here . 
  if you use paypal that should n't matter . 
  if you can wait for a few days and are okay with piracy a copy of the magazine usually gets uploaded to boerse.to, 
  great , hope you find whatever it is you are looking for . 
  nazi joke , how original * yawn * . 
  twincest ? 
  oh man yeah , now you get like 5 for doing the last mission which is just bs . 
  yeah to get 1-2 credits per name , unless you want to do the last mission 40 times for 1 recipe that is not really an option . 
  i am at 7 , i do n't know how i feel about this . 
  and how do you prevent them from coming back ? 
  and where should they live ? 
  and what should they work ? 
  you ca n't just deport people because they have dark skin , that was tried once a while ago and did n't quite work out for germany . 
  also try doing that with 1 million people . 
  yeah no , the houses need to be ready for winter and have offer a place for 1 million people . 
  it takes quite a few years to create housing for that many people . 
  manual labor in poland ? 
  what exactly should they produce and what company would be willing to do it in poland when there is china or some other asian country with lower pay and environmental standards ? 
  your approach to the topic is as childish and uneducated as it can be . 
  really ? 
  i 've been running challenging missions for the past 2 days to grind gear and credits and i must say with a squad you know they are immense fun . 
  maybe you are just missing the strategic approach ? 
  focus fire on naders to start then stun the shot guns and take them out , try take out snipers after that and then it is just cleanup . 
  yup also more precise and faster , on a controller every movement you input is through a vector into the direction that you push the stick , with a mouse it inputs the actual movement . 
  if you watch console game play it sometimes looks they have a harder fight with the controls than with the mobs , 
  a bit higher i 'd say , it is pretty easy to get 10k xp once you are geared up . 
  pve , it is a loot grinder game like diablo , the idea is to farm gear , up your stats , get into higher difficulty , farm that , get even higher stats and so on . 
  and then there is the pvp aspect . 
  why not create a dedicated pvp char , go hunting in the dz ? 
  battlefield 4 too , massive fucked launch but now 2 years later one of the best , if not the best , big scale fps out there . 
  a travel agency surely can help you with planning and booking a trip like that . 
  the `` austrian '' 100 years ago was a mixture from all the countries surrounding austria and the ex empire . 
  the austrian you fantasize about does n't exist and never has existed . 
  yes , pick it up , it 's 8 $ on g2a . 
  this . 
  the best players on xbox will be destroyed by average players on a pc , the accuracy and other abilities such as custom huds , keybinds etc. 
  will always put a console player behind . 
  in a game like rocket league that does n't matter since most people play it with controllers anyways but when there is shooting involved ? 
  no way jos\u00ea . 
  well as a rough values it usually is 100k dps and 50k hp to start running challenging missions . 
  well i come from a diablo background and that literally is how you build your endgame there . 
  this post is massively relevant for me since my vector has been maxed with crit quite a bit ago and now i can throw on more relevant mods . 
  inb4filledwithblues . 
  seriously the dz needs an overhaul . 
  sodium levels reaching maximum .
