  academically gifted ? 
  more into learning a trade ? 
  just want to finish and get out ? 
  if you want to waste some cash you can put your kids in private education but that 's not really necessary . 
  the public school system will easily prepare your kids for university or whatever they want to do later in life , but obviously your kids will have to do their job too , as in learn and practice what they get shown and explained at school . 
  generally not a big deal anymore . 
  especially in bigger cities . 
  indian descent `` may '' be confused with being syrian but i would n't worry too much , especially in a city like frankfurt . 
  however there might be some negative reactions from ultra conservative people but nothing that does n't exist in other countries . 
  i agree but since op is canadian i thought he might not read bild or krone for his news , 
  use teamviewer , he can allocate all rights to your machine . 
  does n't matter , just take it once a day with fluid . 
  way too little info you are giving out here but the very basic aspect of this is : you signed a contract , a contract is binding until it ends . 
  there are ways to revert or terminate a contract but you are giving to little detail . 
  is the contract timed , was it translated before you signed it , did somebody co sign it etc. . usually you have to hand in a notice of termination 3 months prior . 
  op if you somehow doubt these kind of things happened you may want to visit auschwitz or birkenau since you are from poland already . 
  if you can get it for 10-15 $ yes , otherwise no . 
  with kindest regards, 
  somebody who wasted cash on game + season pass, 
  you are allowed to research but you are not allowed to deny . 
  things like this book are almost always written by somebody who is a holocaust denier or by somebody with a neo-nazi background . 
  mind you these people are not stupid , hence why they try and disguise their propaganda with books similar to the one you linked . 
  were you a really hardcore pirate metal fan ? 
  the way it works in ops case is as follows :, 
  the original owner is mediamarkt , they sold the object to person a with a payment plan . 
  a then has possession of the object but is not the holder of rights as the payments are not yet finished . 
  for him to gain all rights and be the owner he has to be in possession of the object and a title granting ownership transfer , selling an item in installments is a special scenario , a so called verkauf unter eigentumsvorbehalt . 
  mediamarkt stays the owner until the full price is paid , however person a becomes a so called `` vertrauensmann '' once he receives the item , vertrauensm\u00e4nner are allowed to legally sell items for the right holder using the gutgl\u00e4ubiger erwerb . 
  once op has paid person a and has received the item he has gained ownership and all rights from mediamarkt are now gone , they only can still invoke the missing payments for it from person a but op is completely detached . 
  @op no you are in the clear , your purchase is a so called gutgl\u00e4ubiger erwerb and you have gained legal ownership of the laptop . 
  what do you mean by traced ? 
  if you mean regarding payments to mediamarkt no , you have 0 legal connection to mediamarkt in this case . 
  at least you got something . 
  i got nothing for my 7 $ bet , rip . 
  as-sal\u0101mu \u02bfalaikum persians !, 
  i hope this question is not too direct , if it is sorry !, 
  i always wondered what is the deal with the regular `` death to america '' chants ? 
  i do understand that the us and you have not the best relationship but it seems a bit excessive . 
  2nd question : is the younger generation of persians still so extremely religious ? 
  if you google pictures of iran/persia 50-60 years ago it looked very liberal and open but seemed to have changed rapidly in a very closed off , religious and conservative state . 
  basically i wonder if i can travel your country safely without having to worry about breaking religious laws and getting into some very serious trouble for it in the next few years . 
  i hope my questions are not too controversial . 
  idk like 10 cents ? 
  i only bet since last week . 
  from his wording he read it after he bought it and if he had no reason to doubt that the seller was the rightful owner it is gutgl\u00e4ubig . 
  sorry , i do n't know very much about persia/iran , i do n't even know if you want to be called persians or iranians . 
  this is completely wrong , words do kill people , some might even argue words can be deadlier than one guy with a gun . 
  no inciting hatred should not be allowed because it is synonym with inciting violence , if i raise my kids to hate you , tell them the brits are killing our civilization , our culture , poison our wells , take our wives , whatever stupid fucking thing you can come up with or dig out of the old nazi archives they will at some point hurt/kill . 
  it is good that germany does not have free speech because instead it has regulated speech . 
  you can still say what you want as long as you are not purposely inciting race hate , terrorism and extremism because even if you do n't believe it , they all lead to violence . 
  i think your username is a pretty good indication what sort of individual posted here . 
  my advice : maybe start reading other newspapers too , maybe even some that are known for quality . 
  and after you are done reading the headlines read the comments by the authors . 
  i think the best course of action currently is to not play this game until they released everything and then wait 6 months for them to patch everything . 
  most people i know usually just get the 1080p webrip . 
  even worse because on top of being a bad pun it also would be spelled incorrectly . 
  pretty easy to prevent that from happening , a 3 $ vpn and you are done . 
  there are no game hackers in runescape since it works 100 % server sided but yeah botters , but do n't think these streams have any impact on the amount of botters , what had an impact was the development of botwatch , huge ban waves are happening every few days and botting has become an almost guaranteed ban . 
  actually when you start a new season char you should buy the 2 rings from the merchant as they can really help you progress faster but yes you are correct , besides that merchants are trash . 
  who am i was a pretty good recent german movie . 
  this . 
  you can transfer your itunes account to the european store but you need to have 0,00 $ credit on it and you will lose your purchases . 
  i know it sucks but that 's apple for you . 
  source : tried to get the american store working once . 
  it is a really weird post though . 
  you know those are really big and heavy and i am sure one costs a fortune , i mean even the church is buying new ones very rarely . 
  this must be one of the worst pieces of `` journalism '' i have ever read . 
  no sources , poor grammar and vocabulary , not even a coherent text , it is literally all over the place . 
  she is his girlfriend , he is a german moto vlogger , she was on the way to his house . 
  edit : [ source video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh5gels5q6s ), 
  i 'll try and find it , it 's been a while since it was posted on / r/motorcycles . 
  edit : here we are : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh5gels5q6s, 
  yeah it 's a bit of a problem that you are only 16 , most english speakers just work in bars or with schools for some cash on the side but you ca n't really do that . 
  i doubt any company would hire a 16 year old for production or editing work either . 
  if i were you i 'd check with local supermarkets for part time jobs , stocking help etc. 
  from my experience mostly english majors who do a semester or two abroad get invited to schools/work with schools to bring some native speaking experience to the pupils but i just assumed you are british/american which at second glance does n't seem to be the case ? 
  the problem with music production is that everybody and their grandma are making tracks these days . 
  unless you create incredibly catchy and popular songs this is also no option . 
  buy a domain , set up a webserver with website , set up e-mail server on web server and get literally any email address you want with your domain name . 
  that 's what we always did with our smaller ventures . 
  bigger ones then used mass mailer services like mailchimp but unless you get like 2000 customers it is n't really worth it . 
  here is a guide on how to do it : http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2014/02/how-to-run-your-own-e-mail-server-with-your-own-domain-part-1/, 
  could have saved yourself typing that post and use google instead . 
  literally first result from the us embassy about american drivers in germany : https://de.usembassy.gov/u-s-citizen-services/driving-in-germany/, 
   gmail with a custom domain, 
  you are correct , [ googlefu is strong :\\ ) ] ( https://www.google.com/intl/en_us/mail/help/work.html ) might very well be a worthwhile alternative for not tech savvy people . 
  you did n't bother to read anything after the first paragraph i assume ? 
   a u.s. license holder requiring a german license must contact a local german driving school which will provide information on the necessary paperwork and register the applicant for testing . 
  applicants do not need to take theoretical or behind-the-wheel lessons . 
  however , driving schools recommend that applicants take one or two driving lessons in order to become acquainted with the skills to be tested . 
  total costs ( without driving lessons ) may average as much as eur 425 for license holders from states with no reciprocal agreement with germany . 
  and yes you can drive any car with that license , no matter if 5 hp or 500 hp . 
  i do n't believe you , as i stated a little further down i lost over 800m to a hack and i got nothing but a sorry from them . 
  i austria you can drink , smoke and vote at 16 . 
  what a country to live in . 
  so he does n't speak german , he speaks english not that well , why come to austria to study ? 
  what is the problem with his countries universities ? 
  i just asked a question , sorry . 
  well his question is worded in such a way that his friend is not from austria or another german speaking country , op seems to be from mongolia , so i guess his friend is also from there or some neighbouring country . 
  now there is a possibility that he does speak german but i 'd guess it 's rather low , much like the probability that somebody here is able to speak mongolian .
