  if there ever was a time to buy cheap russian game keys this has to be it . 
  sounds like a solid rule to me . 
  you think that is bad ? 
  i look with disgust at my runescape main with over 350 days ingame . 
  man am i glad i quit hardcore gaming . 
  missed the years ago , my fault i guess . 
  itt : stuff i ca n't afford . 
  wait the invaders where there to kill them ? 
  this ukrainian protestor impressed me . 
  as of now russian rubels . 
  eat , wank , sleep . 
  if you want to be like that , how do you kill billions of people to begin with ? 
  whops , eggnog went to my brain there a bit . 
  yes you are right . 
  defeat3d ? 
  oh my god that sounds exactly like my situation , except from the sons perspective . 
  can confirm riding made my life more fun . 
  why is it that it sometimes becomes okay to ignore atgatt ? 
  i mean sure he wore most of the gear but / u/lrnlrn made a valid point . 
  about 5 days ago i went 80 kmph in 1st . 
  i love bikes , 
  so no notably new releases or fluctuation in production quality ? 
  cheers !, 
  skype resolvers only work on profiles that are open to public . 
  disable the option that people can call you or look at your profile without you adding them and resolvers wo n't work anymore . 
  if you resolve then you will recieve either microsoft server ip or a timeout . 
  do you by any chance film comercials for axe ? 
  correct , will add to title . 
  was on mobile . 
  edit : do n't think i can edit the title . 
  either way it is an repost from / r/unexpectedthuglife and/or / r/videos . 
  this is not my work . 
  strangely enough a lot has sucked this year for me and yet it was a great year . 
  what happens if you get a tan ? 
  pretty sure it will be great  thanks for the kind words !, 
  it looks like you came straight from 2008 . 
  i really would recommend to drop the whole `` emo '' style . 
  i am really not trying to offend you but as said this has last been cool in 2008 for 16 year olds . 
  you might want to pop over to / r/malefashionadvice afterwards , i see some great potential . 
  try buzz , if it sucks go shave . 
  cold winters , hot summers . 
  prepare well and thoroughly . 
  we just had -15 3 days ago here in austria . 
  i 'd much rather have nothing chopped of my body if it is n't necessary . 
  you should have a chat with the british or germans . 
  they have had more wars and skirmishes than anybody else and yet they do n't need a metric shit ton of guns . 
  what would happen if you use commanding shout while gaz rillah and another minion of yours are on the board + the blade ? 
  fat , loud , stupid , guns , invading countries for oil , torture , military , fat people scooter , freedome , racism , kkk , fast food , ignorance . 
  yeah that 's a good start . 
  probably a lot more but that 's just off the top of my mind . 
  edit : also porn and nsa, 
  well i might be a bad reference given the time i spend online with americans but some of these are well known by austrians . 
  you really pissed us off with the whole nsa stuff , shooting innocent people and giving kids guns . 
  obviously what i posted is just the gist of bad things but well stereotypes stem from bad things . 
  while typing i had that picture in front of my mental eye the entire time , 
  last time one of us tried to invade a country for oil it did n't end that well though ... 
  no you are getting the wrong idea here . 
  op asked for stereotypes , that 's the same thing when people say all germans are nazis , most just say it and know it 's not true but it is a stereotype nonetheless . 
  what you just wrote is telling me you think this is what we literally think of you . 
  small but important difference . 
  wonderful examples , should add that to your list op . 
  well you have to keep in mind the majority of our information is delivered by american news sources and hollywood . 
  obviously we hear the worst and not the best . 
  mhm very good point . 
  imagine austria or germany displaying something just remote to that we would be branded as the 4th reich faster than you can say hitler . 
  can just follow what you wrote . 
  been torrenting heavily ( talking 3tb/year easily ) for the last 6-7 years and never had any issues . 
  also you might want to consider getting a connection with 3 as they do not give you any bandwidth limitations . 
  the ukrainian version of fallout, 
  i initially spent around 600-700 $ on runescape gold . 
  maxed a character , began pvming , setting up bot farms , began trading and flipping items . 
  in the end i sold all my gold and just about broke even . 
  why did i do it ? 
  because i couldnt be arsed to play for hundrets of hours to get some items . 
  the us occupy movement is listed as an armed conflict ? 
  it can make time disappear by showing you cat pics and boobs . 
  wtf is that a starbucks ? 
  those are the best times . 
  http://youtu.be/nwj5piyqqxo this is one of the besteht comebacks ever, 
  how is a video about the austrian sucession war not posted in the right sub if it is / r/austria ? 
  youth hostels generally offer pretty good housing for a very cheap price , so if you do n't need it to be a hotel go for a hostel . 
  i came to see some neckbeards and instead i saw pretty damn good looking people . 
  if you ignore me and show no intrest i will go search for somebody who does n't ignore me . 
  they are called krampus . 
  if you want to see creepy shit check out the perchten . 
  yeah austria is a little weird like that . 
  he asteroids galaxy tour - fruit . 
  no other album gives off such a good/chill vibe . 
  also blondfire - young heart . 
  well austria has a reputation for being a meeting point between russia & the us to exchange spies and such . 
  i think we should stay back and mediate . 
  i do n't think you can rent clothes but as for the rest of the gear you can rent that at the slopes no problem . 
  might even be smarter since you wo n't have to carry it around all the time . 
  oxygen . 
  i literally ca n't go a day without it . 
  to be fair romania pretty much has the best internet connections in the eu . 
  funny how badly prepared large parts of the us are for snow . 
  here in austria this would be a pretty average day of snowfall . 
  and that 's the joke . 
  thanks for the extensive feedback !,
