  disabled comments, 
  kek, 
  it 's not unusual for mail/packages to be in customs for 3 + weeks . 
  i once had to wait for 3\u00a01/2 weeks for a letter with a headphone cord to clear . 
  just wait . 
  did n't know pestalozzi had an erasmus program . 
  is ma wuascht . 
  forced sale , sale so they want to recoup as much of the lost money as possible . 
  the objects look old so probably under denkmalschutz and incredibly expensive to repair . 
  yes , you have to repair it and not only that but you have to repair it using the material and techniques used to build it . 
  this is immensely costly and generally a pain in the ass . 
  just an fyi the picture gets automatically blocked by adblock because of your naming . 
  correct , it is basically the first line of defense against ads , if you name your ad literally advertisement it 's pretty easy to block that . 
  check your machine for malware . 
  why post it here and not in austria ? 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i tried that and nothing happened , sadly . 
  sadly no . 
  yes this works , too bad i do n't own an iphone though . 
  feelsbadman, 
  how the fuck do you spend 1000 $ on food a month ? 
  schau auf youtube nach dj ananach oder tripplea oder andreas anthaler . 
  you are being the asshole here buddy ... 
  roadhog is supposed to pick out players that are out of position , this can be done way easier if you flank . 
  in addition road has self heal , so he does not have to rely on support so heavily . 
  also you do n't want him to be in the focus of the enemy team as he does not have any shield or armor and thus generates tons of ult charge when hit . 
  i wonder if the reaction of the sub would be different if it was a traditional pin-up motive instead of some weeb stuff . 
   not speaking german, 
  what would you say if i wanted to study in brazil and could n't speak portuguese . 
  i am saying this , and funnily enough the downvoters probably wo n't consider this , because you will have to deal with most of the bureaucracy and everyday life in german and in the case of bureaucracy not just any german but high legal german , which can be very confusing even for native speakers . 
  it also is n't good for social life either , now i am not saying that you ca n't have a social life without knowing german , just that it gets harder to find a solid group of friends and you could feel isolated and alone . 
  there are frequent posts on / r/germany of expats or foreign students complaining about how rude german society is because they ca n't find a social connection when not speaking a single word of german . 
  the other big thing is that people often resort to encapsulating themselves into an expat bubble where they do not get in touch with the local culture or people in any meaningful way which is even worse in my opinion . 
  i am not trying to disencourage you from pursuing your dreams but just pointing out some things that , realistically , probably will happen in so form or another . 
  my advice would be to come visit austria for 2 weeks , see how you like it here , make sure you or your parents can afford you studying here ( while austria is not too expensive in terms of living cost i imagine it being very different from brazil but who knows ) and then begin a hopefully wonderful journey of education in europe 's heartland . 
  as said , do n't take this the wrong way but you have to be realistic about a something as big as moving to another continent and studying there . 
  so just because i am currently studying this for my criminal law exam i 'll shed some light on this :, 
  the perpetrator has received \u00a7 198 ( 1 ) 1 stpo , he was ordered to pay you some money . 
  \u00a7 200 ( 2 ) tells us he has to pay the latest 14 days after he received the information from the sta as proclaimed in \u00a7 204 ( 4 ) which also mentions that they have to inform him about \u00a7 207 which says that he needs to be informed about all the other stuff here . 
  so how long are these 14 days really ? 
  we need to consult \u00a7 84 ( 1 ) for this :, 
  * the day it takes the letter to get to him does not count towards the 14 days ( \u00a7 84 ( 1 ) 2 ), 
  * the day he receives the letter does not count as a day towards the 14 days ( \u00a7 84 ( 1 ) 3 ), 
  * saturdays , sundays and public holidays do not influence how days are counted towards the 14 days except if the last day of the 14 days is one of these days then the end is the next regular working day ( \u00a7 84 ( 1 ) 5 ) . 
  if you did not receive your money yet and the 14 days have already passed while adhering to the above cited paragraphs you have to contact the sta because this triggers \u00a7 205 ( 2 ) 1 and they have to resume the trial again . 
  i could go more indepth but i wo n't as i do n't get paid for this . 
  it redirects to the german version of paypal.com . 
  what exactly is the problem ? 
  i am sorry but i still do n't see the problem ? 
  are you afraid of a phising attack or something similar ? 
  runescape , last time i checked my adventures log i was at about 300 days ingame time . 
  fuck me that game is addicting . 
  i like trump but not for the reason you might think . 
  i personally think that he is absolutely necessary to break the stupid stalemate political system of the us . 
  i personally think that in the next election there will be a plethora of really interesting and good candidates because nobody wants somebody like trump again . 
  to answer your question : no . 
  source : just read the patch notes . 
  so they did nerf the hook !, 
  i knew it , fucking could n't hook shit anymore . 
  went from ~ 65 % accuracy to ~ 35 % . 
  it 's you again , chris kanakis , the dude with the shitty pictures and the shitty videos . 
  stop promoting your shit here , honestly , nobody cares about it . 
  you should link him your heritage video , maybe he 'll stop pretending to be greek too . 
  do n't know about a ban but i remember his bizarre videos and desperate attempt to make himself relevant by posting links to his videos on reddit . 
  he is like a failed actor or something . 
  not at all , will do if i see his stuff again . 
  man am i glad we do n't have case law , stupid concept anyways if you ask me . 
  shitty article ; by us standards the afd is not far right but pretty center . 
  the community is tiny , the link in the trumpet sub has 18 upvotes . 
  really trying hard to get a story out of one tiny subreddit . 
  this means you will have to study by yourself , professors will answer questions but only if they are n't `` stupid '' as in they just explained that thing 20 minutes ago . 
  bureaucracy is pretty straight forward but you will have to apply yourself to getting it done , they wo n't do it for you . 
  no limits . 
  stop being so whiny and just come to terms with the fact that people are fucking dicks sometimes . 
  we all have had these things happen to use at some point , your openly broadcasted sexuality is just the easiest attack vector and you absolutely consumed all of the attack . 
  you are currently exactly doing what these people hoped you 'd do . 
  then you should have a steuerberater anyways, 
  please , germany is great but you are so close to austria . 
  if you are not visiting the other cities here at least visit salzburg . 
  amazingly beautiful city , lots of history ( skip the sound of music crap though ) . 
  you can work up to 10 hours/week without a ams survey , anything above needs approval from the ams that you are needed for the job and no austria can do it ( as you already noted ) . 
  once you finish a study you can work for up to 20 hours a week . 
  the rot-wei\u00df-rot karte is correct however depending on what you study it will become very hard to find a job without being fluent in german ( c1 minimal , optimally c2 obviously ) , exceptions are if you are a medical doctor or programmer ( anything it related really ) . 
  also you need to earn minimally $ 2.1 k/month if you want to qualify for rot-wei\u00df-rot . 
  correct , corrected it . 
  if you work `` geringf\u00fcgig '' you may only earn $ 341 tops per month . 
  the only way around this limit is if you work with a werkvertrag but then you need approval from the ams again . 
  source : http://www.ams.at/_docs/studenten.pdf, 
  1 question ; i am flying to america in some time and want to watch some documentaries about mk ultra , the trail of tears , the civil war and the death penalty . 
  you think i 'll get arrested ? 
  s a t i r e, 
  wat , are you inebriated ? 
  in the eu we do n't have roaming charges anymore . 
  for traditional clothing , salzburg trachten wenger in the getreidegasse . 
  he also says `` bist du deppad '' which basically means `` fucking hell '' ( not literally but loosely translated ) so very strong guess is austrian . 
  source : am austrian, 
  how is this not a massive copyright infringement ? 
  honestly i think the bullpup design for rifles is far superior to the `` classic '' one , especially if you consider how many more fights are happening in an urban environment . 
  oh right , honestly i am a civilian , no combat experience so my opinion has to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  also i am austrian and so my view on the aug might be a bit skewed ,
