  peace . 
  pls ^ do n't ^ get ^ mad ^ ty, 
  we are . 
  but complaining about racial diversity in austria is joke in itselfe . 
  we do n't have a colonial history like the uk so different `` colors '' are rare but different ethnicities are common as fuck . 
  german , french , czesk , swiss , italian and about every other country in or close to europe . 
  why do you post a scooter here ? 
  never wore an aerodynamic one but i wish i had one . 
  the pullback from my current one gets really strong at ~ 180 km/h . 
  cough german autobahn cough, 
  i think we should permanently switch from gif to webm , i mean look at that 100mb gif and then at the 10mb webm . 
  ty op for not raping my connection . 
  i 'm no expert but is n't what medical marijuana is for ? 
  also on the off chance that you are actually german , there is medical marijuana in germany too . 
  hardware to get but it can happen . 
  listening to this while reading . 
  10/10 would recommend, 
  is traffic really as insane as it seems from all those dash cam videos ? 
  for some reason i read boobs boobs boobs . 
  was a little disappointed when i clicked . 
  what happened to atgatt ? 
  good to know . 
  oh and @the downvoters , very mature . 
  dialect can be very difficult . 
  many germans have problems with it but you 'll get the hang of it eventually . 
  uhm you are aware we have that thing called the internet where we get access to netflix and thepiratebay ? 
  i 've been watching movies/tv series in english only for the past 6 years . 
  haha i did that too because fuck you for making me write an extra test that does n't even contribute towards my grade . 
  do n't worry op , see it as battle scars and be glad you are alive . 
  damn son , we had some really really really nice weather all through september and october . 
  sadly de-mounted my plate on the 1st of this month , a few really nice days coming up :(, 
  ever been to north korea ? 
  so what did you trade for food , drugs and water ? 
  i never trade cash for goods at festivals . 
  is that abnormal ? 
  smart , get to enjoy the ride and have something to drink . 
  geht some stroh 60 to dilute the whole thing . 
  really are we re-posting 3 year old posts now ? 
  stop it . 
  i got a shit ton of downvotes when i asked that on a picture of a squidding soldier . 
  i think we europeans just ca n't understand the ` muricans fully . 
  no you shoot them 10 times . 
  i do pretend to motovlog while driving and riding . 
  explaining the road to myself or an imaginary viewer makes me more alert and aware of the situation . 
  so far it worked . 
  that 's exactly my reaction . 
  somebody painted bis entire bike in neon yellow . 
  depends if you like that or not . 
  kim jong is that you ? 
  fresh cut grass , warm summer rain and the smell of freshly unwrapped trading cards . 
  also new car smell . 
  glad you enjoy our country !, 
  he tricked the devil to get it . 
  wow these dogs are squidding really hard i can not condone this behavior . 
  we here at / r/motorcycles do not differentiate between races so atgatt also includes these fellas ! ^ ^ ^ ^ \u00eenb4somebodydoesn ` tgetit, 
  i disagree , i only write in cursive since it is mich quicker . 
  everybody i know only uses cursive . 
  maybe that 's an european thing though . 
  there are e sports league kindergardeners ? 
  my name is earl, 
  how do you get high from shit ? 
  i am unclear about the concept . 
  why do you talk in such a funny way that makes you sound stuck up ? 
  with love austria, 
  thanks for the comment !, 
  i will try my luck there !, 
  you have n't seen the oven man . 
  that thing looks well solid . 
  like several cm steel solid . 
  trading vorarlberg for s\u00fcdtirol , pls pm me . 
  born in tirol , raised in styria , currently living in upper austria and studying in salzburg . 
  i get around . 
  actually i am from austria . 
  yes ableton fucking screwed me over , had to re-do everything since it somehow messed up the songs ( slowed them down and made them longer ) . 
  i tried my best to fix it . 
  also i am very very new to ableton : / still trying to learn everything . 
  i love you , please love me back . 
  you can create that in after effects . 
  there should be a few tutorials out there . 
  change the language in the battlenet launcher options . 
  worked for me . 
  not bad for 1st pack, 
  we ( older players ) do n't get the cards for free ? 
  we have to pay for them/craft for them just like you . 
  also you can make really strong decks from vanilla cards . 
  i really do n't want to be the devils advocat but would you want to see another life ruined in that situation ? 
  * cough * iptorrents * cough *, 
  yeah we stick to the classics here in austria . 
  because we laughed at him and the germans enabled him . 
  same with me . 
  it also comforts me while riding . 
  pretty sure that 's a repost . 
  edit :, 
  seems the original got deleted . 
  this is an old mirror of the vid . 
  whatever ... 
  exactly why i posted in the first place but as it seems some people do n't understand that . 
  well i guess i 'll just take the downvotes . 
  where is the local equivalent of you ? 
  #worth #thanksaustria #rich,
