  also the obvious difference in power . 
  2nd gear 80 km/h ? 
  not so much on the versys . 
  the suspension was a lot harder on the r but then again it is a sport version of a street bike . 
  breaks also exactly what you would expect , very hard , very strong . 
  it 's a bit difficult for me to describe as i am relatively new to the bike scene but basically , if you are looking for a bike for longer rides i 'd take the versys , shorter distance , maybe more sporty style definitely the triumph . 
  i myself want to use it to commute , get to uni , visit friends that sort of stuff so very short distance and city based . 
  i am sorry for this horrible `` review '' but i do n't know how else to express this feeling :p, 
  no credit cards . 
  we like hard cold coins . 
  6ft3 ' 198 pound , should be alright , 
  is insurance really that pricey in america ? 
  i got my street triple insured for 350 $ / year . 
  full coverage . 
  canadian wont help me compare , try to converse it into euro please . 
  damn somebody nerfe toni bou he is annihilating the rest there . 
  jesus that 's a lot . 
  what about schuberth ? 
  are they any good ? 
  i consider getting one . 
  you dropped roughly 2k $ if you had everything you said you had . 
  wrong actually . 
  current rs3 gp prices are 0,5 $ / m if you sell to reseller . 
  cheapest p hat is 1b rs3gp . 
  so 500 $ for a purple . 
  good thing there still is the clutch you have to release before anything can happen . 
  no matter what you do finish school first . 
  it might be hard to believe right now but a completed education is a must if you want to do anything ever these days . 
  actually yes . 
  just today lookd for some but damn 6 bucks for shipping . 
  seems like he struck a `` hot '' deal : , ), 
  nah seriously that sucks , i feel bad for that dude :(, 
  i know this might sound a bit passive aggressive but usually 100 year olds do n't drive cars anymore for a reason . 
  their reaction timing etc. 
  has become just too bad . 
  could it be that that man is a major threat to every other living on the road ? 
  i mean i could be wrong . 
  anyways respect that he still can ( physically and mentally ) go sit on a bike and ride it around . 
  i hope that i 'll be able to do that too . 
  get in touch with your parents , there is no shame in asking them for help . 
  also just asking some lawyers can never be wrong , some might take your case as a pro bono case . 
  well uhm are n't helmets supposed to absorb kinetic energy by deforming a cracking and thus protecting your actual skull/head from those energies ? 
  i might be wrong but to me that idea sounds bad . 
  even thought spraying some parts that are getting easily scratched might be beneficial . 
  and has been posted already . 
  any emma really , watson , stone , roberts and the list goes on . 
  your girlfriend seems pretty excited there : , ), 
  proud to see that our bikes are getting such great feedback , 
  hahaha sounds like the average night out . 
  correct the small ones are produced in india but obviously design and developed here in austria/mattighofen . 
  the bigger ones , 690cc + , are actually still built here . 
  also they increased sales by almost 200 % and expanding even more here . 
  ca n't wait what they got for us in the next few years , 
  great bike !, 
  if i had n't gone for the street triple i would definitely have gotten myself the fz-09 or 07 . 
  how do you like it ? 
  my question : what do the jeans look like ? 
  for shorter rides i am thinking about not getting into my cycle pants but rather to just wear jeans as it is much more convenient for when i am riding to a friends house . 
  what an abomination . 
  kill it with fire before it lays eggs . 
  really ? 
  either really high quality jeans you got there or very lucky i guess . 
  well i 'll wear jeans for shorter distances then , 
  pretty awesome !, 
  will watch the whole thing !, 
  cutting food . 
  especially onions or something like that . 
  i am always afraid of chopping off my own fingers . 
  in the end we all die . 
  this lets you see everything in perspective , it does n't matter how rich , smart or good looking you are in the end we all die so just make the best of it . 
  imagine the amount of dicks drawn on those letters . 
  i think this might very well be the reason why i got mine . 
  is that normal if you are 19 ? 
  edit : also it is pretty damn cool . 
  well all my personal savings are in the bike ( about 4-5k $ ) and the rest along with the gear was generously donated by my parents , to be specific my dad . 
  i wanted to ride with him since i was 4 years old and now that i finally was old enough and had the time to get the license that happened . 
  i know many of you will think of me as a spoiled brat now but this , riding on a motorcycle with my dad , is one ( if not the ) of my oldest dreams , 
  will do !, 
  i hope our first ride will be as awesome as i imagine  just 5 more days till my triple will arrive ^ - ^, 
  quality company quality product , 
  duke 125cc , arguably the best naked bike in the 125cc range . 
  if not the best 125cc bike . 
  throtteled to 35kw . 
  wont have any problems in that regard but thanks for the tip man !, 
  i could be wrong but are n't those place holders so they ( cars modified for handicapped people ) can extend their ramps ? 
  anybody know the legal situation of this in europe ? 
  on high - and motorways if traffic is slowing down/standing we have to form an rescue alley . 
  are we allowed to filter through ? 
  well usually you bust a nut and then bolt because that pussy is so ratchet . 
  relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daah4walix0, 
  my name is earl . 
  damn cliffhanger makes it even worse . 
  lovely , i really like the matt look . 
  already considered getting my bike painted too in that color . 
  what is the range on that bike ? 
  or / r/calamariraceteam, 
  the exhaust was the only thing i did n't really like about the bike . 
  i am looking into getting a new one but for now i 'll just use the stock . 
  got to save some cash :p, 
  my good man that is a huge area you are describing there .
