  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxqkxxbqj_u ), 
  remember death rattle priest ? 
  now you could n't even kill the undertaker because he got healed . 
   adventures and expansions that are not part of the standard format will no longer be available for purchase from the shop -- this year , that includes naxxramas and goblins vs gnomes . 
  if you want any cards you missed out on for wild play or just to fill out your collection , you 'll be able to craft them using arcane dust -- even cards from adventures that were previously un-craftable . 
  speaking of adventures , if you 've purchased at least the first wing of an adventure before it cycled out , you 'll still be able to finish acquiring and playing the remaining wings . 
  holy shit !, 
  standard is the official mode of the hs wcs . 
  check the blog post for the source . 
  holy shit . 
  and that 's the thing with bots in diablo 3 . 
  i 'd guess about 95 % of the bots have 0 impact on the game and the experience for the other users who do n't bot . 
  nobody steals your resources , nobody drops the value of your items , nobody ruins the economy by adding thousands of items and trillions of gp . 
  this probably is also why bliz is so lenient with bots , they just do n't do anything really . 
  if anything they make people who otherwise would n't play because they ca n't be bothered to grind 1-70 or that full ancients . 
  then there is the other 5 % who affect the game , the leader boards to be more specific , which is somewhat unfair and certainly a turnoff for people who aim for high rankings . 
  your comment is wrong . 
  the reason why the paragon requirements were so high last season is not because of bots but because of the crazy xp farm group builds that popped up . 
  getting extremely high paragon was suddenly pretty easy when you had a solid group . 
  bots usually play alone and do n't get all that many paragon levels compared to group players . 
  also i did n't even realize bounties were such a group thing , i always find a1 split farms and then people just run the bonus ones quickly . 
  here is a tl ; dr for new players :, 
  socket the best ruby you can get in your weapon until you are able to crit very very often , then socket an emerald . 
  do n't worry about builds or saving anything until you hit 70 . 
  keep legendaries with good suffixes thought as you can cube them later . 
  when you are 60 create a lot of 2h weapons and get one with a level reduction roll . 
  makes the last 10 levels very fast and easy . 
  fastest way to level is doing rifts . 
  here is some more advice : drop the blitzkrieg thing . 
  it 's okay to joke about nazis , it 's necessary to teach about them but for the love of god do n't incorporate them into your business unless nazis are your demographic . 
  whoever is your language advisor , it says he is romanian on your website , you should get rid of him and consult somebody who can speak , read and write actual german . 
  and when we are already at correcting things : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wiener_kaffeehaus this is the kaffeehaus you are talking about . 
  this is the reality of kaffeeh\u00e4user . 
  if you want to use the german name for this military tactic the focus will shift to the german usage , if you want to be in line with invading poland and france go ahead , i would n't want to but i am austrian , so what do i know . 
  i 'll let you in on a secret , most people here live in germany or one of the bordering neighbour states . 
  he is austrian , if you go to this website you can find the a small summary about him , he was in the austrian army for 7 years as a sniper . 
  [ source . 
  if you have a 500 % spike in sales one month from 1 to 5 that does n't mean there is a special event , it is more likely to be variance . 
  it sounds weird but this probably is variance . 
  the same or worse , people do n't pay a lot for these kind of jobs because you need 0 skill and 0 expertise . 
  [ au revoir shoshanna ] ( https://31.media.tumblr.com/45196ce0fa30bb103a211530c96555f4/tumblr_inline_mju8yhbwkm1qz4rgp.gif ), 
  you think csgo invented bomb mode ? 
  cute . 
   they said this just around the release of execution aka . 
  copying cs.go ), 
  i 'm sorry but that makes it sound like you have never been to uni or had any success at one . 
  you 'll get through school with that but not a tertiary education . 
  this sounds very much like any gathering where excessive alcohol consumption is involved . 
  well i study law , i personally do n't feel like there is really that much memorizing . 
  basic schemata for proofing certain things , the most important paragraphs , how some of them work when the wording is weird and their interaction . 
  most of it comes down to being able to use the texts given , but then again law might not be very close to the ones you are talking about . 
  sorry i do n't want to offend you but psychology students do n't have the best reputation overall . 
  the it one i find surprising . 
  did you not have to understand how a language works , how you create certain functions etc. ? 
  if not how are you able to work in the field afterwards ? 
  genuinely curious as cs would have been my 2nd choice after law . 
  you are looking at trp from the wrong direction , the sub is not about getting women , it is not about hating women , it is about understanding what is going on , how you can detach yourself from the indoctrinated thoughts and recreate yourself . 
  while i agree there are many people there who get there with the wrong intent ( picking up women , but trp is not pua ) the generalization about this sub created by people here on reddit and other websites are just plain wrong . 
  for manipulating women you want pua , for being your own man there is mgtow , for more equality among men and women there is mra and for leaving the blue atmosphere and bettering yourself there is trp . 
  you might think those are not big differences and it is all the same but it is n't . 
  might be worth and hour or two just reading some posts from the top all time page and understanding what they really are . 
  edit : some people who fall in these categories who might be worth checking out are : lauren southern , karen straughan , milo yiannopoulos and sargon von akkad . 
  you know that hungary currently is very very protective of their land , i am sure you heard they built a fence to keep refugees out . 
  do you really think you will get a citizenship just like that ? 
  at that hungarian is one of the hardest languages to learn . 
  you attitude also is n't very promising . 
  either way i wish you the best of luck but currently from what i see in here it looks a bit bleak . 
  congratulations but i sincerely do n't care . 
  also weird that you so desperately need a job then . 
  lol , are you worried you run out of people to meet in a town of 100.000 ? 
  i would like to point you to your own post here : https://www.reddit.com/r/askmen/comments/3f4gjs/im_27_m_im_just_too_emotional_too_sensitive_i/, 
  fix oida . 
  oida i bocks ned : . ), 
  is your fetish cakes of cats ? 
  zenmate and surfeasy both are not vpns but broswers proxies . 
  just google sad violine , it 's the default music for sad videos , just like let the bodies hit the floor for videos from 2008 . 
  that sounds very suspicious , i really hope this does n't turn out to be a second [ contergan case . 
  so you want a humorus book about the entire history of austria , preferably without any statistics written by an austrian in english ? 
  this is , let 's just say , oddly specific . 
  i doubt it , switzerland is madly expensive to live in , everything you save in fees will be spent on not dyeing . 
  this imho is the best german tv show produced so far , stromberg comes in second . 
  it is on netflix and just today they added 2 new seasons . 
  subs are only in german though . 
  doing everything you can to represent your people eh ? 
  people like you are the reason why the mood in the european core countries is swinging around this fast . 
  you think you can just do whatever the fuck pleases you around here . 
  well we follow rules , you break them deal with the consequences . 
  that must be one heck of a job considering the prices for regular items are double if not triple of what they are outside of switzerland . 
  [ i do n't know , does n't look very cheap to me . 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=switzerland&amp;country2=united+states ), 
  food costs , entertainment costs , cost for the higher taxes . 
  do n't forget you pay those things too . 
  the 10k you save will melt away rapidly . 
   no fluoride in the water, 
  the price you pay for real and fresh water that does n't kill you, 
  * cough * flint michigan * cough *, 
  just imagine studying in china , for all intents and purposes it is the same . 
  probably some english here and there but other than that you will be completely illiterate , mute and deaf . 
  while people do speak english , i 'd go as far and say most of them do , the actual teaching and learning is done in german . 
  and do n't kid yourself with some of the english courses , yeah they do exist but they are the minority and the vast majority is german .
