  yes my mixing is bad and i should feel bad but i have no education on how to do it properly so it basically it is miss and hit for me . 
  intro track was just an homage to my favorite youtube dj , 
  i will be checking some tutorials on how to do some proper fades in ableton in the future for sure though . 
  thanks again for the time you took to type this up . 
  sounds very very dodgy . 
  gl finding somebody with that little information under 9 million people though . 
  imagine how many americans would have to stand trials for war crimes . 
  or people of any nation that ever went to war to be honest . 
  and now kiss, 
  you have a typo at the beer names , it 's murauer and not marauer . 
  besides that great read , 
  fuck flashplayer . 
  that shit is vulnerable as fuck , i want it all in html 5 already . 
  that 's why i use chrome . 
  not to the extened and quality as chrome does , sadly . 
  used to be exactly the same , now it is reversed for me . 
  i use chrome mainly and firefox for testing and shit that does n't work on chrome . 
  old buggy plugin that is full of faulty legacy code . 
  i mean take a look at this : http://www.cvedetails.com/vulnerability-list/vendor_id-53/product_id-6761/adobe-flash-player.html and that are n't even the fresh exploits . 
  can they fix it ? 
  yeah but it would take a shit load of time and man power , two things they do n't want to invest . 
  my advice , deinstall flash player and use chrome till firefox catches up . 
  that way you are dodging a majority of malware already . 
  that sounds like a case for / r/stonerthoughts, 
  1 year already since this was posted ? 
  oh my god time flies ... 
  to be honest i have stopped running cenarius in my ramp druid deck . 
  currently for lategame legendaries i run kel ` thuzad , sneeds and ysera . 
  they do n't get bghd and give you a huge advantage if used with a little far sight . 
  when i started reading i though you must be around 40 , when i reached the part `` it took some convincing and even some tears '' i thought you were 10 . 
  man have some dignity . 
  other than that , congrats on one cool looking helmet !, 
  interesting !, 
  i did not know that . 
  there i was hoping for a portal for days on end in rifts haha . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  2 got way ;(, 
  i once had a pack ( my 1st pack ) where 6 or 7 plans dropped . 
  never seen so many loot beams in my life . 
  if you start balding , full shave , do n't try to hide it by combing over or something like that . 
  what would you think about adding ogre brutes to your deck ? 
  they usually have a really good matchup against a warrior because of their health and cost . 
  the supreme leader is not very thrilled, 
  wait , hold on , i just went full retard . 
  do n't mind me anymore , apparently i do n't even know my vanilla cards anymore . 
  my bad . 
  because it is not a trading card game . 
  metro mate . 
  some of these comments gave me cancer . 
  rule # 1 : a g.i.r.l is a guy in real life . 
  yes after effects  thanks , one of my better mixes tbh :d, 
  feels like this http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/591/928/94f.png, 
  i think something like this : http://i.imgur.com/6vjno37.png would fit you quite well . 
  it looks like you got rather thin hair so that might work out for you . 
  sounds like a pompadour would be pretty fitting . 
  have you seen brad pitts style in fury ? 
  keeping it a little longer on top would probably benefit you in terms of `` stretching '' your face ( maybe ? 
  no pic :( ) to bring out some features . 
  yes , would buy 2 . 
  what a great bike , would have been my plan b. 
  very nice . 
  see flair , the street triple . 
  only reason why i got the street triple was because it was easier to get in my area but ever since i 've been eyeing that beauty . 
  if you are willing to spend a bit more it is the ideal middle class naked bike but damn the yamahas are catching up real fast . 
  i love this sub but was scared to mention i ride a new street triple . 
  thanks for clearing things up . 
  you are aware that there were books being kept on the amount of people incarcerated and killed in the kzs right ? 
  and that in mauthausen alone over 700.000 people were killed , all documented by the nazis themselves . 
  by all means the numbers probably are n't 100 % accurate but stating they are massively exaggerated is pretty retarded . 
  true , i must have mixed up my sources there . 
  if anybody is interested http://www.mauthausen-memorial.at/db/admin/de/index_main.php?cbereich=1&amp;cthema=33&amp;carticle=21&amp;fromlist=1, 
  despite the number being significantly lower ( again my bad ) , it just goes to show that even such a small kz has taken an unprecedented amount of lifes . 
  first time i hear about this , maybe i was just really shitty at history in school ? 
  travolta just got even creepier, 
  [ draw me like one of your french cats !, 
  they look like sad pieces of cloth and not like mighty strong capes of accomplishment . 
  something did n't go right there . 
  glad you like it , 
  i wanted to but large parts of his body would be missing . 
  did you give the new glasses a think ? 
  i think a thicker frame would benefit you a lot . 
  should snoop a bit over in / r/malefashionadvice they got neat stuff there . 
  go for a pompadour similar to brad pitt in fury . 
  in addition / r/malefashionadvice is a very good sub to complete your `` revamp '' . 
  also do n't make yourself think you are introvert , i used to do the same and it was a huge waste of time . 
  just putting product in is n't enough , you have to work it maybe use tools like a blowdryer to achieve certain looks . 
  you can virtually go anywhere here and see either amazing landscape or culture . 
  xpost this to / r/tifu, 
  i do n't think many people watch that here . 
  your best chance probably would be an american themed bar . 
  good luck finding one !, 
  basketball , john oliver did a pretty good segment about it not too long ago on last week tonight . 
  huge exploitation scheme but apparently rather nice to watch . 
  considering germans ca n't even learn to speak `` austrian '' 100 % i 'd say that 's gon na be a difficult task . 
  wrong , you can only withstand cultural immersion for so long and yet there are germans living here for 10,20 or even more years and yet you can clearly pick them by their dialect . 
  feel free to believe what you want all i do is telling you from gathered experiences . 
  feel free to watch stermanns take one the whole german-austrian thing . 
  because it is a good looking cut . 
  most people can try it , if it does n't work it 's really easy to just buzz and start over . 
  in internet years yes .
