  the fact that lobbyist is an actual job in the us should set off some alarms . 
  probably unknown to the majority of people here . 
  old people who are still driving with cars . 
  people that drive under the speed limit . 
  having any important position in my state unless you passed a test that proofs you meet certain intelligence requirements . 
  sadly yes . 
  though i must admit eoc killed it and legacy is n't doing the old scape any justice . 
  i am living at the german-austrian border and old people drive slow af here . _ . 
  i am austrian . 
  people think we are that big continent with kangaroos and shit . 
  no we have mountains and schnitzel . 
  this must be the biggest lie i 've ever heard in my whole entire life . 
  if anything the germans are the ones without humor and they are really stuck up . 
  austrians are way more relaxed . 
  huge differences between us . 
  it 's like saying british people and americans are the same . 
  was in hospital once for 14 days . 
  did n't have to pay anything . 
  do n't let any austrian hear that irl or you 'll get a new set of teeth within minutes . 
  well glad it turned out well , 
  hitler being born here . 
  sad but true . 
  also v-moda . 
  have you tried turning it off and on again . 
  the new transformers movie was a new low for me . 
  i will never ever watch a movie again before i did n't check imdb . 
  we should go on a date or something . 
  express my feelings and flirt . 
  not a good combo . 
  just add a space . 
  damn , did i chat you up once by any chance ? 
  too bad alcohol and my brain usually are n't the best partners ;(, 
  for somebody who has to wear glasses , who got himself a hip frame like that to be more appealing for the other sex that comment hurt a little :(, 
  edit : male here . 
  just to avoid confusion . 
  ca n't remember somebodies name ? 
  just give them a new name . 
  either they 'll roll with it or they 'll tell you the right one again . 
  i never laughed that hard because of a post . 
  why ca n't all muslims be like you ? 
  seriously we would save ourselves so much hassle . 
  yes and once the genitals are mutilated you find out that the girl just accused her boyfriend of rape and he in reality did n't do anything and she is just a crazy bitch . 
  congratulations you mutilated somebody and ruined his life while protecting a liar . 
  this is not how a justice system works . 
  sadly this is not true . 
  you should read some of the posts around on askreddit about horrible experiences in relationships . 
  now i know those are n't very credible sources without evidence backing up what happened but they also have no reason to invent that stuff . 
  it seems there are alarming big numbers of accusation of abuse , both sexual and physical , made by females to mess with the ( ex ) partners life . 
  wow as if 1 casualty would change anything . 
  that is stupid news . 
  not like every other country going to war has thousands of similar stories and yes i am looking at you usa . 
  i know 3 confirmed cases of false rape accusations within the last 12 months in my area alone . 
  tactical combat errection followed by a combat wank . 
  nobody wants to disrupt that . 
  you have seen more breasts , pussy and cock than most of your ancestors combined ( assuming you use the internet like everybody else does ) . 
  but but but average life expectancy here is 85 currently and rising ... 
  i am sure there are loads of exceptions but almost every kevin i know is either stupid or has adhd . 
  cellphones . 
  untill an iphone is in the store it `` only '' costs about 110 $ . 
  fresh cut grass anyone ? 
  can i ask you a question ? 
  you must live in a 3rd world country then . 
  usa probably . 
  i still am amazed by the amount of situations the word `` fuck '' actually fits in . 
  you can use it ( almost ) everywhere . 
  that 's not diversity anymore , they are promoting racism , genocide and overall violence while trying to force their religion onto us . 
  i am for diversity but that is not what i imagine while talking diversity . 
  most people buy their first beer at 13 and their first vodka at 14-15 . 
  we are a bit weird that way . 
  lets just hope somebody will release that info . 
  there was a previous witcher movie ? 
  wondering that too . 
  i 'll get mine in 2 weeks would appear that i have to get someone to drive me there so i can drive the bike back . 
  i cri erri day : , (, 
  did you try turning off and on again ? 
  jokes aside i feel sorry :(, 
  edit : words, 
  the super dukes are being built a mere 20km from where i live and i really like the looks but to be perfectly honest a 3 zylinder engine is just so much nicer to drive/ride . 
  now i only have test driven the street triple r but ordered the street triple and have driven a duke 690 before . 
  i personally like the street triple better . 
  go for the r if you want a more sporty feel . 
  as you said , the fz-09 or mt-09 has a very good price . 
  in the end it is up to personal preference but i 'd rate them triumph  yamaha  ktm . 
  they are selling them at my dealership you can check them here , http://www.triumphmotorcycles.de/motorr%c3%a4der/street-triple/2015/street-triple-abs-70kw#ausr\u00fcstung-u.-technik . 
  or here : http://www.triumph-braunau.at/de/home, 
  all the cool kids in one pic  or should i say their rides ? 
  looks awesome !, 
  ca n't wait to drive to uni for the first time with my bike :d, 
  would love to tell you but this is my 1st bike . 
  it 'll arrive in roughly 2 week , if you want i could take some pics then . 
  i only can compare the r to the kawasaki versys but i am not sure if that would be of any help :p, 
  fucking hell what is that ? 
  imagine if that thing drops on your foot . 
  anybody know what their top speed is ? 
  first off i drove throttled versys , either 2013 or 2014 not sure , which had 35kw . 
  here , in austria , we now have a gradual system for motor cycles , so i am currently allowed to drive bikes with 35kw max . 
  i learnt riding on that bike , it 's easy to handle obviously otherwise they would n't use it for beginners . 
  shortly after they let me ride a regular versys . 
  not much difference except you can ride faster obviously :p . so i test drove the triumph street triple r about a week ago . 
  first thing position , very different , a little `` less '' comfortable than on the versys but that kind of was to be expected .
