  they re-cut the movie for the american market to dumb it down . 
  they were convinced americans were to stupid to understand the original movie . 
  i am serious :, 
  idk man imho this still looks good . 
  it does ? 
  edit : the more you know ... 
  play 3-5 games every day , do your quests should work . 
  did you try force closing the blizz updater servcie ? 
  sometimes it spazes out : /, 
  i had the same problem , i paused all updates except hearthstone , then i ended battlenet and manually ended the updater process . 
  same reason why it is in every montageparody . 
  working in a hospital and people here usually get taken straight to surgery or to a shock room after an accident . 
  not sure why you would bring somebody like that on icu before fixing the most life-threatening issues . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-lqxytufafza/tphlcceolui/aaaaaaaadrg/mmhikg15wky/s400/obamachimp2.bmp ), 
  i have the same problem . 
  i love collecting brushes and it just gets so f * ing confusing . 
  anyways there is one way to `` sort '' brushes , it is kind of ghetto though . 
  create brushes that literally are just text , e.g. 
  `` flames '' and insert them as a brush . 
  then open the preset manager and manually move the flame brushes to where your text-brush is . 
  it is a lot of work but the best we can do currently . 
  i really hope adobe gives us some sort of folder structure in the future . 
  there is no smoking in restaurants anymore unless you go into the smoking area . 
  bars on the other hand ... well yeah, 
  ] ( http://www.carpetcleaningnorfolkva.net/chimney-sweep_cleaning-norfolk.jpg ), 
  i call my bike the wasp . 
  the tail and eyes just look like one . 
  i love it though . 
  to the austrian one mattighofen ? 
  i live like 10 km away . 
  beautiful roads and landscape , would recommend going off the mainroads for a bit . 
  good decision , 
  the fp\u00d6 gets a huge surge of voters every time something goes not the way people want it . 
  higher taxes ? 
  some global disaster ? 
  just a general fuckup ? 
  stupid people flock to uncle heinz . 
  what is a cisman ? 
  i 've seen that word a few times but i literally have no idea what it means . 
  aiman !, 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  wrong . 
  i mean it 's the same guys making the show but this is the mitchell & webb look . 
  20 somethings ? 
  not so much . 
  40 + yeah more realisitcally . 
  that said austria has great wines and you ca n't really go wrong . 
  hey let me trim your armor , 100 % legit . 
  telekom , telekom, 
  i spy with my little eye the austrian flag !, 
  how did you like it here ? 
  you know what 's weird ? 
  i life very close to hitlers birthplace and i have n't seen a single japanese tourist there in 9 years . 
  edit : what i do see is a shit ton of japanese people in salzburg , to be more specific in the getreidegasse . 
  while gmos might not be harmful they also ca n't reproduce naturally thus pushing farmers into being dependent on the companies producing those seeds . 
  monsanto is one scary ass company if you ask me . 
  if you ca n't re-seed your crops with what grew last season yes yes you do . 
  why did sarah not stand back up again ? 
  because she has no legs . 
  why did n't she call for help ? 
  because she is dead . 
  this is amazing !, 
  this sort of post is why i came to mfa in the first place !, 
  i think it would be bad for this sub to restrict it , you effectively split the community up , prevent mixture of the styles and discovering new nuances that might not be 100 % melbourne bounce . 
  hhig, 
  you know many people will reject the idea of getting a frame and glasses made and fitted at your local optician but i swear on that . 
  for 10 years now i bought all my glasses and frames locally at a store ( not a chain ) and i am so happy with it . 
  the customer support is great , got a problem stop by and they 'll fix it . 
  something broke ? 
  stop by and they 'll fix it . 
  glasses are for me not a luxury article or a clothing item , they are a necessity , i wo n't save money on that . 
  that being said i think it is okay to order frames online since the price differences can be pretty hefty . 
  i have no experience with chains , once my frame broke , expensive nike flexon , and within 2 days i had a brand new frame no questions asked . 
  haha thanks  i really tried to make them smoother . 
  no actually i live half around the world in austria , though my mail sometimes ends up in australia xd, 
  i came here to make a duke nukem reference . 
  exactly . 
  because they ca n't afford it . 
  were n't you guys about to go tits up in january ? 
  ca n't you use a towelroot and simply upload different roms to your device ? 
  i have a kindle running the reg os and cm11 . 
  does that qualify ? 
  undercut to start , if it sucks you can buzz and start over . 
  pretty sure you can also grab the cookies to hijack a session . 
  maybe go lie in the sun for 30 mins so the colour difference goes down a bit . 
  beard is top though . 
  what if i want non tank controls . 
  i am confident this is very true if you happen to drive a tank . 
  you like him ? 
  tell him . 
  and not stupid hints , we do n't pick up on that . 
  also looks are n't everything . 
  it sounds generic but the inner values count a lot especially in a real relationship . 
  that said what keeps you from boosting your self esteem ? 
  working out , getting nice outfits , educating yourself , all ways to raise your confidence . 
  it does n't really matter where you start as long as you start . 
  source : been there , done that . 
  edit : not trying to say you are stupid or something just those are things that made me more confident . 
  wait how is a economic principle better than a country in this context . 
  hey op link is down .
