  i strongly would suggest to try and get some more specific area info . 
  full face , aside of the obvious safety , damn am i glad when a small stone or a big fly hits my helmet instead of my face . 
  battlefield 3 theme, 
  deep fried butter . 
  i could throw up just thinking about it . 
  a10 warthog , apache 64 , battletanks and landmines . 
  / r/opiates, 
  i asked a question once and got downvoted into oblivion . 
  these people have no humor . 
  i want to make the the world , or at least a part of it , a better place . 
  does n't even have to be for everyone , if i can manage to just make a single persons life better , more enjoyable , i already am a big step closer to my life fulfillment . 
  other than that : riding on my motorcycle with either my friends or my dad . 
  these are 1-2 hours where i can forget everything , the good , the bad , the depressing and just live . 
  just enjoy the moment and be happy . 
  the sound is horrifying . 
  i saw one video from funker530 where an a-10 is attacking something in afghanistan i think ( could be wrong ) and the sounds of the gun sent shivers down my spine . 
  alcohol , drugs and coffee . 
  in that order . 
  selling runescape gold . 
  man ca n't beat that 0,4 $ / m wholesale . 
  take cash , put in bag , drive over border in a secret mission , come to your home , buy whatever you wanted to buy , profit . 
  opie from soa and dexters wife . 
  shit almost made me cry . 
  austria and australia . 
  i mean seriously ? 
  how can you mix up schnitzel , mozart and the terminator with kangaroos and a huge prison . 
  highschool will be tough on her unless puberty will strike her real hard : / edit : spelling, 
  something something uniforms . 
  what was your poison brother ? 
  you 'd make a cute corpse . 
  also working in a hospital in austria . 
  nobody ever talks about it . 
  not seen as a problem or threat here . 
  ps5 vs xbox two or 720 or idk what . 
  then pcmasterrace shitting all over these two . 
  youtube center , everything i hate about youtube is fixed by that . 
  get a volleyball , cut a hole in it , name it willson and take it from there . 
  just cause 3, 
  i enjoyed bf3 a lot . 
  rush was really fun , except in metro . 
  also austria . 
  no problems . 
  but i guess the americans like it when kids can access their firearms . 
  / here ^ come ^ the ^ downvotes !, 
  yep that 's how you do it . 
  you round up to the next best thing so they do n't have to give you your change in small coins . 
  they come to your house , ring the bell , ask to come in in order to check if you store your guns according to our law and then leave again . 
  that takes as little as 5 minutes . 
  but i can see why you gun blazing , bold eagle riding and freedom slurping americans would see that as invasion of privacy . 
  females appear to have an afinity to bikes . 
  theory requires further testing though . 
  ayy mate . 
  we share so many things , if we like it or not . 
  i hear you man . 
  pretty much hit and miss with them . 
  man mine looks very similar . 
  although the matte-black , red stripple r looks really good . 
  dollar , pounds , euros ? 
  if dollar , yeah . 
  keep trying , do n't overdo it with asking them . 
  drop hints here and there . 
  that 's how i convinced my parents . 
  congrats on one awesome looking bike man . 
  i would have gotten myself the r but the regular street triple was already expensive enough :d, 
  btw , i took off the passenger pegs , took me like 20 minutes and the bike looks so much better now . 
  would recommend/10 ( except if you take people with you ( duuh ) ) . 
  holy shit that looks like the bike that batman is riding . 
  \u2611 jimmies rustled \u25fb jimmies not rustled, 
  it came down to street triple for mt-09 . 
  went for the street but would have been fine with the mt-09 . 
  if you want to spend the extra 1.5 k , i think it is , go for the street triple , it is better but not by much . 
  otherwise the 07 or 09 should be perfectly fine !, 
  well somebody in their pr department was browsing reddit recently . 
  we do not ride kangaroos and also never were a british colonie . 
  `` reddit is fun '' very enhancing experience . 
  because dying is not a problem as i will forget anything that lead to my death . 
  i have a lederhosen and like schnitzel and kaiserschmarrn . 
  being austrian is tough . 
  can you cook on it ? 
  i always wanted to cook a marshmallow and some sausages over lava . 
  til : you can actually pack stuff on a stripple . 
  that will come in handy next summer . 
  thanks for posting a webm and not a gif . 
  that would have taken ages to load . 
  confused me at first because title but nice to see that it really helps . 
  when i first attempted nofap about 1 year ago i felt just like you . 
  i then picked up working out , lost 25 lbs and got my first `` real '' girlfriend . 
  then i relapsed hard a 4 months in and everything went to shit . 
  now i am back for more , 
  count me in . 
  i will not masturbate , try to not avoid porn as good as i can ( sometimes it just pops up on forums ) , orgasm , if i find a lady i will pursue her . 
  i however will not pleasure myself . 
  i want to do this for at least 90 days . 
  become more self confident , work out again and lose another 15 lbs and become more crisp overall . 
  i am doing this because my life now sucks again after my last nofap victory 1 year ago . 
  well my bike is also restricted and i always pulled a wtf face when i heard people talk about my bike and referring to it as a wheelie monster . 
  sure it has some nice torque but it 's restricted in a way that you can only open then gas about 1/3 of a regular bike . 
  maybe i just do n't know how to wheelie g.g, 
  checked your comment history too see what my favorite djs internet personality is like , turns out you are just as awesome as i thought you were . 
  sorry for creeping .
