  daily missions : this is just running your usual missions with some extra sprinkle on top . 
  hvts : have n't played since they were added ca n't comment on those . 
  dz : like running the same mission over and over again minus the guaranteed reward . 
  they sold a game based on endgame without endgame and to this day your gear does n't really matter because you ca n't do anything with it . 
  the `` if '' at the beginning to the sentence indicates a possibility , not a given reality . 
  it may be possible but as of right now i am not aware of any way to get it for 5 $ . 
  the problem is not the repeating in itself , the problem ist that there is 0 variety . 
  if i have 8 different huge raids , 500 different quests i have no problem running some content again . 
  if i have exactly 1 10 minute raid and 2 missions it is just boring . 
   if you can get this game for like 5 $, 
  man , got ta read the whole sentence . 
  the question is what is full length . 
  big parts of this game were artificially bloated by making you walk everywhere slowly and requiring you to grind the same mission to level up and be able to start the next mission . 
  also what do you put your coals on ? 
  chimney or aluminum foil ? 
  if foil show use how you prepare your foil . 
  be weary about the amounts you import , you can get into serious trouble for too many pills . 
  well from a quick glance at your post history ( if you are honest in your posts ) and from this post i 'd say you have placed yourself in a rather tricky position . 
  you do n't speak german , you are transsexual ? 
  and have some very special tastes , all that probably makes for a not very easily approachable package but it should n't be impossible by any means . 
  step one without a doubt is learning german , i mean you live in germany . 
  speaking the native language of a country is entry level assimilation . 
  next would be joining clubs or similar regular social gatherings to build a group . 
  this can be combined with learning very well , try to avoid other expats as much as possible as you do n't want to live in an expat bubble . 
  i 'd suggest reading up on the legislature regarding import of pharmaceutical products for personal use , i am not sure what the amount is but why risk it , right ? 
  so / r/germanrap with less content ? 
  if you really want to go hiking in the alps i would recommend not doing that in germany but rather here in austria or in swiss , this is purely based on how much of the alps actually is in germany . 
  we would need more information to go about this from a legal standpoint but generally \u00a7 40 spg would apply here . 
  \u00a7 40 ( 2 ) allows police to search what you have on you and with you in bags or similar containers if they have a reason to believe you carry something that endangers life , health , personal belongings of yourself or other people . 
  as somebody mentioned drugs would fall under endangerment of health and be sufficient reason to carry out a search . 
  edit : oops i just used the austrian spg and not the german one , however the same principle applies for german police . 
  uhm yeah you just click on the username . 
  so if you are just visiting this should n't be an as big problem as it is right ? 
  just enjoy yourself , you do n't always need other people to do that . 
  i was playing around with mei a little and was noticing really weird hits every now and then , got one of them on video . 
  is this lag compensation kicking in ? 
  bad netcode ? 
  render error ? 
  that would be my next question , is the practice range locally done or also on a blizzard server . 
  i am not sure what is going on in this clip . 
  this picture was posted on r/photoshopbattles a few months ago , sadly not too many people took interest [ but i tried . 
  taken from a post he made 23 days ago, 
   of course i want to learn german . 
  otherwise , why should i move to germany ? 
   the main reason is the desire of willing to learn another language . 
  does n't look too peachy . 
  this is a fallacy , if your grandmother wears a headscarf she does so because it is practical , [ like so . 
  ] ( http://static.zoonar.de/img/www_repository2/f3/d8/0f/10_0246c1cbb819b551e2865ebbf6a8db5a.jpg ) the cross argument is also invalid , we are not forced by the bible or any works considered close to the bible to wear signs to show our religion . 
  the wearing of a hijab is ordered in the hadiths , if you are a practicing muslim you have to wear them . 
  it is in a place where religion has no right to be , our courts are 100 % secular and no religion should be displayed or influence this in any way , shape for form . 
  honestly , just pop of the z and y key and change them , that 's the biggest difference between german and english right ? 
  i am a university student , most of my meals consist of either rice or whole wheat noodles . 
  sometimes when i feel rich i 'll add some meat to that . 
  every now and then i 'll buy some different things if they are discount or on some special deal kind of thing . 
  generally i spend about $ 50 . - / week on food . 
  sometimes more , sometimes less but that 's about the amount i need . 
  i think there are a few things to consider here :, 
  height advantage , they were shooting from an elevated position , they had a good overview while the people on the ground will have had a hard time figuring out from which directions the shots came from to begin with . 
  probably not helping that you keep getting shot at while trying to do that . 
  i 've read there were 2 shooters , coordinating 2 people should not be too hard to do i imagine , walkietalkies or maybe even cell phones for constant interaction between them would give them a huge advantage . 
  edit : just read that supposedly there were 4 attackers . 
  same principle applies . 
  how coordinated this act was , is there a possibility that they recieved some paramilitary training or maybe even military training ? 
  i heard there are quite a few groups that offer these type of training to their members . 
  the police officers attacked were n't all `` real '' police officers , as somebody pointed out in this thread , some were `` just '' traffic officers who usually check tickets . 
  also i am not sure if regular officers recieve training in how to spot and deal with sniperfire in an urban environment . 
  this is correct , i live in that town and according to the last census there are literally 0 jews in braunau . 
  i personally think they should make it a social institution again . 
  pumpguns fall under category a weapons which are not allowed in civil possession under any circumstance except if you apply for and get a special license . 
  semi automatic weapons of any kind generally fall under category b weapons which can be legally bought and owned once you have a waffenpass and waffenbesitzkarte . 
  this would include semi automatic shotguns too as far as i can tell , seems like an oversight when the laws regarding firearms last were updated in 1996 and probably would be changed if they were to revisit them . 
  source : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/waffengesetz_1996, 
  just use qbittorrent and download the file ? 
  it seems both of you are a tad misinformed on proxies , vpns and geoblocking . 
  vpns generally act as a native environment for your traffic , meaning every traffic coming and going to your machine will be sent through the vpn tunnel . 
  in addition to that vpn traffic usually is encrypted , a very important feature if you are torrenting copyrighted material often . 
  proxies usually are used to mask your location from one program , e.g. 
  chrome or firefox , the rest of your traffic still comes from your home ip . 
  this traffic , if you are using a public proxy anyways , is not encrypted . 
  this poses a substantial risk to your online security and should be avoided at all costs . 
  now how does netflix figure out that you are on a vpn or proxy ? 
  well the easiest way is to just geo block all the known public ip ranges that generally are used by companies providing vpns and proxies . 
  alternatively there could be a wide array of techniques used to check if the traffic stems from a legitimate source or just a re-route point . 
  but these are very resource intensive and probably not used . 
  so can we still get foreign netflix ? 
  i think we can however it will be a lot more tricky to setup than before . 
  you will need to find a vps provider ( notice a vps is not a vpn ) that provides servers and ip ranges that are not associated with proxies , then setup a private vpn on that vps or alternatively a proxy ( imho harder to do ) and then try and see if you can access the library again . 
  you need to be fluent in german , c1-c2 , to study really . 
  unsurprisingly the courses are held in german . 
  so you either get fluent in that or finish your studies in brazil . 
  diplomas can be converted but that is up to the government agencies to decide if the one you have is equivalent to something that we have . 
  ask your local embassy . 
  he ca n't even write english properly , a language significantly easier to learn and master than german . 
  edit : i ca n't english, 
  rip me, 
  dude if you are the og on the left you 'd pass as pretty stylish today . 
  retro is hot af rn . 
  yes it is , it is called aufmerksamkeitsdefizitsyndrom , however this diagnose is rarely made in comparison to the us , from a german perspective the us is heavily overmedicating its entire population , including children and especially young boys . 
  well in their local network each device has a unique address but they all share the same global ip . 
  not really , you can aimbot but you ca n't change the trajectory of the bullet , or in csgos case the randomly chosen location of the shot to land while a , falling and b , being unscope with a sniper rifle and c , moving while shooting .
