  the german level that is recommended is c1 but c2 seems to be the safer bet . 
  seems that common sense still applies to most of the us redditors . 
  \u00a7 42 abs . 
  you try and pronounce `` oachkatzlschwoaf '' . 
  but it is a demo . 
  they lock finished content behind walls , they force you into this tiny starting area with 2 missions . 
  this is a demo . 
  literally . 
  do n't you think if it was a beta they would want all the skills to be tested , or other mechanics of the game too ? 
  wtf is next ? 
  you have to inscribe yourself ? 
  do your own homework ? 
  no on campus person who does literally everything for you ? 
  these germans have gone mad . 
  yeah , like deadman mode in rs . 
  also you can get into manhunt mode where the whole map can see you through walls etc. 
  never seen that happen personally though . 
  [ was it something like this ? 
  pretty sure the rape rate has n't changed in a meaningful way now it is just everybody , especially the krone and heute / \u00d6sterreich pay attention to those stories since they can attach the ausl\u00e4nder spin and sling more copies . 
  probably because the video recording back then was not digital and thus not limited to file size aka . 
  resolution in the long run . 
  if you record onto an analog medium you can get pretty high quality . 
  same reason why you can watch old movies in full hd and some in 4k even today . 
  because most of reddit is american . 
  a bit misleading i think . 
  while it is true that we do not have many fiber connections we now do have a solid amount of lte connections which rival fiber speeds . 
  can only speak for austria here but we have no data caps on our cellular internet plans from the major providers . 
  common fiber connections here in austria are usually capped at 100/100 at max , if you get the best lte plans they max out at 150/50 . 
  while fiber is more likely to deliver that max the down speeds in the end it probably will be about the same . 
  i personally have the highest tier lte contract from drei and get these [ speeds right now ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/5109899903.png ) . 
  my setup is just a regular lte stick and no external antenna , so speeds could probably improved . 
  i focus on down because most people are not using the max upload speeds that much . 
  this used to be true , sadly not so much anymore in recent years even though there has been a recent initiative on the governments side to push for more development in this sector again . 
  - / u/wumselito, 
  - donald trumpf, 
   should i be worried ? 
  you do know germany is not just one city right ? 
  if you do not want to take risks you should never leave your home . 
  living a real and adult life means taking calculated risks , such as driving a car or crossing a street . 
  you could get killed in almost every instance but what are the chances ? 
  even with the recent events in paris the chance to get killed in a terrorist attack is still is pretty low compared to say , ride a motorcycle or walk home at 2 am on a street . 
  well a. you should n't worry since that is what terrorists want and b. as bad as this sounds i doubt there will be any truly large scale attacks . 
  they probably will only affect small groups of people . 
  maybe , not so sure . 
  i mean i hope we do n't get an answer to that question but i dare say that germans would react differently than the americans did after 9/11 . 
  i mean , this guy really likes anime and japan and he actually is there , he talks to these people in japanese , granted not that well but still better than my japanese . 
  compared to the other weeaboos he actually achieved something . 
  see my comment a bit further down . 
  commonly fiber is capped at 100/100 and not available outside of major cities . 
  ebay , willhaben , shpock, 
  [ did you try google ? 
  i found quite a few within 1 second of hitting enter . 
  well there are probably almost no dedicated ones since basketball is n't popular here but most indoor locations have hoops and can be transformed into courts . 
   i am a german citizen . 
   i also fight for the lebanese national team . 
  how does that work ? 
  i was under the impression you compete for your country and not some random country ? 
  also ot , what exactly was the mistreatment he mentions ? 
  just the verbal one or was there actual mistreatment too , as in not receiving medication or doctors attention . 
  it feels a bit like vice is click baiting here but i also could have missed that part . 
  that is a pretty racist statement with no backing up what you said . 
  bad people exist everywhere , certain situations relay these traits and the current situation with refugees probably does n't help . 
  i do n't think it is okay for them to talk like that in front of the patient but you also ca n't forbid people their opinion . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrsmucw-a0q ), 
  i second louis , bought all my gear there , great store . 
  well then maybe my story is relevant . 
  about 2 years ago i decided to start making music mixes as a way to pass some time . 
  i created visualizers etc , mixed the music and uploaded it to youtube without the intent to make money from it since i used other peoples songs ( that 's just what djing is right ? ) . 
  suddenly all my videos get monetized by merlin and not the respective owners of the content . 
  i was a bit surprised and appealed all the claims . 
  about a week later all of my videos got deleted on the grounds that they were `` unwanted spam and advertisements '' . 
  i quit after that and started a about 6 months ago again , almost every week i get an email telling me some shady ass company claimed the monetization to one of my videos and mostly it is merlin . 
  they are n't automated claims either they are manually made but i am too scared to appeal them as they probably will once again delete all my videos . 
  i personally have a textile jacket and pants from them and so far ( 1 year use ) they have been fantastic . 
  you can remove the fleece add new protectors , many ventilation options and iirc it was n't too outlandishly priced when i bought it . 
  did n't think of that possibility but that would fit and explain . 
  cheers . 
  [ i got you . 
  okay this is n't exactly a bug i guess but please change it :, 
  today i spent more time in ranked match making than playing ranked matches . 
  why you ask ? 
  because every time i finally get into a lobby 1 player does n't join . 
  now that would n't be too bad because it just searches for another player then right ? 
  nope , the whole player group gets disbanded and everybody has to wait another 5 minutes to find a group . 
  please , please change this . 
  to add to that , snow cannons only work if the reaches 0 \u00b0 c and this year , so far , is extremely warm . 
  be sure to check if there even is snow before you pack your skies . 
  2nd thing i learned in my private law course after never marry without a contract was never be a gurantor to anybody ever . 
  there is literally no benefit to being one and the best case scenario is that you do n't have to pay any money . 
  one big difference for me between ranked and pub is the time i invest and what i get out of it . 
  in pub i insta join a game , play a bit , if i see that the team i got put in is already 4 players down because the other team just levels them i can leave and join a new game with more even teams . 
  no harm done . 
  in ranked i wait 10 minutes to get into a lobby , another 2 minutes till the last guy does n't join or fails to load , another 5 minutes for the next lobby , then we get into the game , our team consists of former silver 2s and the other team of cobalt 2s . 
  one guy starts to just wait in spawn , another one complains , the other team mocks you and you ca n't do anything because either you get killed or you get punished for leaving . 
  and then you finish that match , feel clearly outclassed and super bad and notice you have to do this another 7 times to just get placed once again . 
  it is just frustrating and you join the next match , if you can force yourself to joining that is , with already built up anger . 
  well that 's what happened to me anyways -, 
  says right in his post i5 2500k so 2nd generation . 
  i7 does n't meant that much since the main difference between i5 and i7 is the ability to multi thread which mostly is useless for games ( but is changing quite fast ) . 
  so if you have a low end i7 you will get worse performance in a game than with a high end i5 .
