  you do know that crit chance on weapons and gear is capped at 60 % right ? 
  [ idk man i think my char looks pretty good . 
  that 's like saying `` i 'm glad i chopped my hands off now i can never cut myself into my fingers again . '', 
  it is a stupid argument and it does n't even guarantee no more cuts . 
  yeah but i do n't really like the dz . 
  i am like level 40 and just ca n't bring myself to go in there anymore . 
  but i love the pve and challenging missions , i saved 800 pc because i hoped for a print rotation , well might as well buy every print in the boo then . 
  mk17 was there last week too . 
  source : bought one , crafted one and got a purple level 30 m1a that absolutely wrecks it . 
  yup . 
  just was in the dz , got killed 3 times by the same guys who took 0 damage from my bullets , the vendors do n't have new prints , exploits do n't get hotfixed and challenging missions have become too easy . 
  wth is there left to do ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyrxnsopiwo ), 
  stromberg ( german version of the office ) and der tatortreiniger are imo the best german tv series to exist . 
  there are a couple really good austrian short series but accent is basically an entirely new language . 
  i know i am a bit late for this but , g2a has it for around 15 $ but be advised , the game basically `` unplayable '' without the ros expansion . 
  they added so many amazing new things in that expansion that it transformed the entire game . 
  on friday i tried to find a session for 2 hours . 
  not everybody has one of these people . 
  the session will be owned by your alt but you can join it with your main , the boss will keep spawning . 
  smart !, 
  i tried it with joining session of low level people in other zones but obviously they just kicked me when they noticed the level increase . 
  no it wo n't , the economical impact would be too severe . 
  in the 2 days when germany re-introduced strict border control a couple hundred millions went down the drain , the business world then pushed for more lenient and targeted controls to get the flow going again and thus basically getting rid of border control again . 
  cat . 
  afd single digits ? 
  you should read a bit more on german politics . 
  also funnily enough the fp\u00d6 has found a lot of voters in the serbian , croatian and turkish immigrant groups ; their reasoning is that they do not want more foreigners to come and drag down the country , they see people that come from their countries now as lazy . 
  this phenomenon has been steadily growing in the past 20ish years . 
  if you watch alltagsgschichtn the interviewer frequently talks to turks and serbs in the 90s and they all say they do n't want more immigrants to come to vienna . 
  oh this is very true , every time austrians are pissed ( which is like all the time because there is always something that we can be annoyed with ) they say : `` i 'll vote for the fp\u00d6 so the major parties get their shit back together '' . 
  then the fp\u00d6 is a partner in the coalition for usually one period and then voted off because they know even less about what they are doing . 
  east , austria is the next `` west '' one . 
  why do you think that you can use the bayern ticket from kufstein to salzburg ? 
  the ticket is valid if your train terminates in either kufstein or salzburg but not for anything in between . 
  that is not a train through austria so asking here for help is weird . 
  i still do n't understand why nobody complains about so many items and blue prints being content locked for pve players . 
  i hate the dz , i like to play with other people not against other people and my reward is not getting access to 8 shops selling he plans and blue prints . 
  ah no , i am not talking about loot drops , i am fine with better loot drops in pvp but i am not fine with locking 85 % of shop content behind a huge pvp play wall . 
  why do pve players not get an alternate way to acquire those blue prints ? 
  as a drop or for 50 % higher cost outside the dz idc really but i do n't want to be left out because i do n't enjoy pvp . 
  are n't the blue prints from the dz 06 shop level 31 ? 
  loot ! = shop content , i am 100 % okay with things like the midas being dz only drops and i think people playing in the dz should be rewarded with dz only items but locking almost all shops that are in this game into that area is just stupid . 
  yeah but buying is not loot , loot in the dz should be better and more frequent , the shops should not require you to play 30-40 hours of maybe pvp . 
  there should at least be options to acquire similar items or blue prints not using pvp . 
  you think that after a couple of generations people will still be non germans ? 
  mate , seriously , you can be the most stoic and nationalist person on this planet but after 4-5 generations your great-great-great-grand kids probably wo n't identify as whatever you used to be . 
  this is such an american way of thinking , oh yeah i am 1/256 german so i can talk all i want about germany . 
  in addition you become a german if :, 
  that 's not a just `` i demand i get '' thing . 
  [ here is a little list i came up with for druid . 
  basically ramp druid without the fancy aspirants , the mulches and naturalizes are extremely fun and efficient . 
  most people ca n't really play any cards till turn 4-5 and you can fill their hands up and make the discard cards . 
  got 4 easy wins . 
  honestly for university related stuff you should aim for c1 in german unless you manage to find all your courses in english . 
  academic work is on a totally different linguistic level than a regular conversation , not saying it is impossible to do with b1 but it will be a bitch . 
  not to mention all the legal stuff you will have to deal with ( forms etc. ), 
  that also require a higher german skill . 
  orangle, 
  orangle : the spiciest meme 2016 confirmed, 
  orangle, 
  may you le in peace, 
  papa b less, 
  americans have an unhealthy focus on race and overly political correctness and while this movement , much like other big movements * 3rd wave feminism * , started out with a real cause and reason , it diverted into a big shit show where all they do is suppressing free speech , annoy people around them and destroy property . 
  if they had a real reason and cause they would organize in a political party with accountability and abstain from rioting , vandalism and systematical racism against anybody who is not black and try to enter in a dialogue . 
  seems like you are missing a few mod slots on your gear , also could we have a picture of the mk5 ? 
  based orangle, 
  does your stuff sometimes accidentally get sent to austria ? 
  every few moons our stuff gets sent to australia wich is a bit annoying . 
  who am i was pretty good . 
  are your children canadian ? 
  stop is also german , just like kaufland . 
  i think we are narrowing in . 
  actually since they are brits ( as indicated by the o2 uk ) there is a slight chance they are not drinking american budweiser but the czech budweiser budvar , a bigger brewery also exporting to the uk , which is actually pretty tasty beer . 
  no , first off it is illegal to take pictures of people/cars outside your own home with a permanently mounted cam , secondly even if it was n't the pictures you get are worth nothing since they are not taken by a government approved speed cam and the speed rating might as well be made up . 
  if it is really a huge problem contact the mayor and the local police department , tell them about the situation and they might send a patrol out to measure speeds for a few times . 
  usually when a few people get caught word of mouth will make more people aware that they might get fined . 
  why not google it yourself ? 
  does n't matter , still ca n't have the cam . 
  also writing is pretty ineffective , call them or make an appointment at his office . 
  it is kind of , private cctv cameras have to be pointed inwards to your own property so only people who enter will be filmed but not people who just walk by . 
  then where is my loot ? 
  i got 2 he drops in 105 hours of play time . 
  yeah and if you get a he drop it is shit because there is more rng than in a game of dice . 
  high end , aka . 
  exotic , aka . 
  legendary . 
  just the highest tier of item that can drop . 
  great , good for you . 
  i did n't approach this game thinking i would be geared out within a day or two but i thought i 'd get the chance to actually get gear from drops , not from crafting . 
  as it stands now drops are mostly trash and only a way to feed the needs that are created by crafting . 
  if i had such a problem with random drops i would n't have clocked in 105 hours but i do n't get any drops when not abusing game mechanics and the game devs not only like the thought of not getting drops , they even embrace it and want to build on it . 
  dropped or as a challenge reward ? 
  i have gotten tons of items from challenging missions but that is not a thing that i want , i want to be rewarded for playing , exploring and killing , not for running to the end of an area . 
  so instead of making drops compete with crafting it 's better to make crafting as bad as drops ? 
  if i want to feel rewarded when i hit a 1 in a million roll i 'll play scratchers but not the division . 
  i was running 20 + cm a day , i quit because i saw no reason for doing it , i got no he mob drops and only end of mission rewards which at my current state are always worse than my current gear . 
  because even if they are shitty they are more valuable to get than a purple . 
  in diablo i am constantly excited when i see a loot beam , even though i am already geared pretty damn well but there is always the chance of an ancient item , or a better roll on one stat or it being one of these super rare legendary items . 
  but in the division i go to loot beam and i know that it wo n't be a good drop already .
