  at that if he was able to speak german would n't he just rather contact the \u00d6h or something similar ? 
  i just checked on my battery and the screws holding the cables in place were a bit loose . 
  i made sure they sit tight and after 20 minutes of test riding none of the problems reoccurred , i still got myself a charger just in case . 
  thanks for the reply , was apparently not very far off !, 
  i am not very smart , i won the tyloo and the g2 one now . 
  i would avoid driving yourself at all costs possible , as for hiring a company i would just check 3-4 local ones and ask for quotes and then pick the best offer . 
  germans get a tad sick of exploitation of their educational system by americans who at the same time condemn socialist systems . 
  understandable if you ask me . 
  prices from the frame + glasses range from 50 $ to easily 600 $ , all depends on what quality you want for your glasses , how hard it is to make the glasses , what frame you get , etc. 
  source : just today bought new glasses for a total of 500 $ but it is 100 % worth it , without them i could n't do anything and i wear them every single wake minute . 
  considering those reactions times or more the lack thereof i would n't be surprised . 
  not even trying to hide it anymore, 
  um you are aware that germany is no just one little village right ? 
  with the description of `` der berg '' , which literally means the mountain and entla 's keller , you might as well say `` somewhere in the entirety of germany '' . 
  check where you last had it , if nothing comes up just take your losses . 
  i agree , i spent like 3 $ on a license for startisback for 8 and 8.1 and it was smooth sailing from there . 
  you can get them almost everywhere , supermarkets , gas stations , sometimes even newspaper stands have them . 
  the bigger companies have their own cellular networks while smaller companies only rent the networks from the bigger companies but also tend to have a better pricing model . 
  if you want to only buy data that should be possible but it wo n't be cheap . 
  ther german telecommunication market has very inflated prices to other european markets . 
  land, 
  german law and austrian law are not the same , you are aware of that right ? 
  well just because some things are similar does not mean you will get the same outcome , either way here are the most relevant paragraphs for your problem from the fremdenpolizei gesetz , the austrian one :, 
  text, 
  if a state entity has the feeling you are marrying just to stay in austria they will launch an investigation , if this investigation comes to the conclusion you are just marrying to stay here an array ranging from fines to jail time can be dished out and after that you probably will be deported ( see \u00a7 117 fpg ) . 
  so if you are legit wanting to stay here i 'd say you are fine , if not , well you have to decide . 
  lausbua !, 
  fixed . 
  almost impossible to get if you do n't have something really serious like ms. op would 100 % not qualify for it with muscle spasms . 
   apparently when you like it , if he is a match , he gets your notification and either likes or unlikes, 
  if you both like each other ( right swipe ) you get matched . 
   weird german , i said to myself . 
  what exactly was weird about that ? 
  you had a date , he bought you a drink . 
  not sure what is so special here ? 
   three days passed . 
  no word . 
  just ask him ? 
  you are acting like a 13 year old who just sent a message to their crush and did n't get an answer after 5 minutes . 
  yeah but tf2 is fully moddable , allows for your own servers and gives massive power and control to the players . 
  do n't get me wrong , overwatch is a pretty good game but imho it lacks that little something to make it a long lasting thing for me . 
  is there a possibility of this being a scam ? 
  did you pay for flight tickets or anything similar ? 
  it just sounds a bit weird . 
  if not you can call the hospitals and ask if a person with her name has been hospitalized there . 
  overwatch is such a nice game , it comes with wallhacks and an aimbot so you do n't need to buy them anymore . 
  also they are made by blizzard so you know you wo n't get banned for using them . 
  in a few years we 'll visit them for holidays and make fun of them , just like in brave new world . 
  if you 'd bothered to read the foreigner and asylum laws you 'd know that they are barred from working until actual asylum . 
   you must have a certificate ( at-und ), 
  you even listed the things you need to fulfill to be exempt . 
  it 's like you lost all self awareness . 
  while this is nice for those people it is a problem for the competitive scene that blizzard tries to establish . 
  honestly i really miss the option of community made maps , servers and similar things . 
  tick rate would n't be much of a problem if i could just have my own server that runs 120 tick . 
  stati ? 
  you can claim private insolvency , all your debt will be reduced to a minimum that you can work off but all your belongings will be ceased and everything you will earn will be reduced to a bare minimum until your debt is paid . 
  jop hier is \u00fcbrigens [ das original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afp71xwli8y ) und nicht die gefladerte version . 
  so halt . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sybevavn3du ), 
  see the thing about phone pictures is you almost never look at them on anything besides your phone and for that it was more than enough . 
  it was n't something otherworldly but it did its job and it did it well enough if you ask me . 
  hitler fought in ww1 , there was a famous christmas peace for a day in the trenches in ww1 . 
  rekt \u2611 not rekt \u2610, 
  re-post : https://www.reddit.com/r/austria/comments/4oc9t6/fl%c3%bcchtling_t%c3%b6tete_helferin_nach_sexparty/, 
  how can you forget [ evanescence ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yxaaggtqym ) . 
  [ they were everywhere . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdhqvtpr2ts ), 
  at some point you will have an lizard army that eats everything trying to touch your bike unallowed . 
  if you ask me , that 's pretty good . 
  happens to the best of us , much like nobody expecting the spanish inquisition . 
  this might be a silly question but why are you not just blacklisting stolen keys and thus make them effectively not useable ? 
  but the buyers can just contact the support of whatever market site they used and get a refund . 
  but is n't this more of a principle thing ? 
  you have to start somewhere and would n't this be the best point to do just that ? 
  not true , they will have the seller provide a replacement or have them issue a refund . 
  i personally had this happen twice to me . 
  why can we not host our own servers ? 
  because server sided cheats are so common ? 
  that is a weird reason . 
  lmao what ? 
  the whole idea of client sided cheats is that you do not need to interact with the server to have them work . 
  cheat detection is not handled by the server though and damage modifiers can be looked up in the wiki . 
  there is no dating . 
  you get to know somebody either through friends or work , then if you like them you probably will meet them on more occasions , mostly when your group has a night out , then if you like each other you probably sleep with each other and that 's that . 
  the other popular way to get to know people is when going out and then sleeping with them but that mostly results in ons . 
  nobody here meets with 3-4 people alone just to see if you might like them . 
  not quite german but close enough : http://www.ktm-bikes.at/, 
  everybody i know rides a ktm bike , might be because the factory is about 30km away but the bikes are high quality . 
  you wo n't like the taste anyways . 
  oh do n't be fooled , the game is fun until you reach level 30 and then there is nothing to do . 
  if you can get this game for like 5 $ i 'd totally recommend it because it is quite fun to play with friends but do n't expect any endgame or pvp . 
  well it is a looter shooter after all , you would n't complain about grinding in an mmorpg either right ? 
  you are comparing apples to pears . 
  war thunder , insurgency , cs : go , all games built around skill gameplay , you do n't need gear , you do n't need unlocks etc. 
  the whole idea of the division was get loot , gear up and do something with it . 
  if there is no loot and nothing to do with the missing loot that 's a problem . 
  took me roughly 19 hours of game time . 
  i did power through it though . 
  incursion : same mission over and over again , just like we had before .
