  really important sign for motorcycle riders . 
  this is reddit not the secretary of an university . 
   short 5 ' 8ish, 
  go home manlet you are no match for the tall , blue eyed , blonde and toned germans . 
  but seriously what a stupid question , generalizing half the population of germany . 
  a bit of all . 
  my father and uncle both have had surgery done on their discs and were practically immobile for a good 1\u00a01/2 weeks afterwards . 
  it was not a public statement so it does n't count as an insult . 
  also the european legal systems are not really known for laughable law suits about petty stuff . 
  toughen up , life is hard and legal recourse rarely is the way to solve your problem . 
  yes it does very much , insults made in private can not be brought to court as they do not fulfill the requirements called for in the penal code . 
  uhhh yes ? 
  you mean the magnet link right ? 
  you still down - and upload in germany . 
  nursing is not a university thing here . 
  literally the only reason this sub exists , all else on / l/de . 
  same , i really really really do n't want to grind 500m xp again . 
  hey , this is reddit.com , a website online about posting stuff and not the zollamt or finanzamt who probably are the more suitable places to ask about fines and options on how to pay them . 
  everybody is in austrian unless you revoke it . 
  did you buy your phone from handyservice.de ? 
  you still trying to go `` viral '' ? 
  face it you failed in life chris . 
  leberk\u00e4sjause und beer , always loved that when somebody left . 
  how can you spend roughly 10 hours a day playing ? 
  are you in school or do you have a job ? 
  on a side note , pharmacy without german will be a nightmare . 
  get c1 , preferably c2 . 
  also very expensive . 
  generally food and drinks will be a price point you will have to call in unless you plan to cook yourself . 
  i saw this on another sub and wanted to use the x-post function , did n't work so this was the easiest thing to do on mobile . 
  also i do n't frequent this sub very often and did not know about it being posted before . 
  probably not , there is absolutely no shortage of native english speakers or people who speak english on the level of a native . 
  as balorat said schools are 100 % out of the question as you need a degree for that . 
  wholesale rate is at about $ 0,19 / m , probably lower since the amount is so large so lets say 0,175 . 
  multiply by 25b and you get roughly $ 4375 . --, 
  well then go and try have a talk with the cows and ask them nicely to not shit in front of your house . 
  do you supervise your dog when he is out and about ? 
  yes ? 
  does a farmer supervise his live stock when they are out and about ? 
  great , case closed . 
  what about the dude who got banned for honking his horn at streamers . 
  i thought it was taco on a whaco . 
  idk it 's a pretty bad meme either way . 
  pre med does n't exist here , neither do med schools . 
  are your grades even qualifying you for university here ? 
  do you have the 8k $ ? 
  and most importantly how is your german ? 
  better be c1 + for medicine . 
  easily , it has html support so you can do things like this : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=917187362&amp;searchtext=weather, 
  you can easily re-write small part of the html code and insert whatever you want . 
  yes , they mostly are just mp4 files anyways . 
  is nobody here reading the file paths in the screenshot ? 
  you played some rsps whose database got leaked . 
  you used the same name on the rsps as you use on twitch . 
  the program he uses just has all the dbs indexed and searches them for strings that you enter , e.g. 
  your username . 
  this is not something new , this is old . 
  it just so happens that people now start paying attention to this . 
  so today , finally after waiting what seemed to be ages my street tiple 2015 arrived . 
  anything i should consider modding on her ? 
  constructive feedback is appreciated . 
  just finished up my 2nd melbourne bounce mix and thought you guys might enjoy it . 
  criticism is appreciated but only the constructive one . 
  cheers !, 
  opponent had 2 piloted shredders and got two of the only 4 available legendaries . 
  mad luck or nah ? 
  edit : had to learn how to count . 
  i just stumbled upon this post from 2 years ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/vq2f3/basic_mens_fragrance_guide/ which seems to be very well written but then again 2 years old . 
  i was wondering if we could get an updated version ? 
  or is this still up to date enough to use ? 
  sorry if this has been answered somewhere else already . 
  would appreciate any feedback !, 
  video is not mine but i thought i 'd share it here . 
  lucky guy that he was not taken out by that cager . 
  and not a single portal spawned :(, 
  does this happen more frequently ? 
  this is the 2nd time in 2 days that i got this . 
  i stopped shampooing a month ago and use it only once or twice a week . 
  should i use it only once ? 
  what about soap instead of shampoo ? 
  how do i deal with product in my hair ? 
  can somebody give me a 101 on how to wash my hair correctly ? 
  yes , i am aware that the transition from first to second track is poor but it sounded good while mixing . 
  not sure what happened there . 
  anyways shout out to the artist , thanks for your work and as always criticism is welcome !, 
  the past 2 days i frequently disconnect running rifts / get heavy lag while doing so . 
  is that the rift bug people are talking about or is this something else ? 
  i also tried playing on 2 different connections but the problem persists . 
  i am currently farming t6 + sets for all classes and i have no stash spaces left . 
  do you create bank accounts and use their inventories or is there some other trick to keep relevant items for all classes ? 
  i just saw the animation for the spell for the first time and it literally is just a fire ball . 
  i feel like this is a huge missed opportunity , they could have made it an actual torch being tossed at whatever you target . 
  kind of like refreshment vendor but with a torch . 
  [ something like this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ilu_kj8u3i ), 
  i thought they were removed ? 
  or were they just removed from the drop table ? 
  hi and before i start with my question i am sorry if this is the wrong sub . 
  recently youtube added 60 fps playback to their player options allowing content creators to upload videos with 59 or 60 fps . 
  obviously this mainly was aimed at the video game crowd which prefers higher frame rates for a better , more fluid experience .
