if you do n't know the danube waltz something somewhere in your life went terribly wrong . 
  maybe i am just biased because i am austrian but yeah . 
  yeah it 's not like it is being played every new year and the concert is broadcasted into the entire world right ? 
  also it is not like the single most famous waltz in existence . 
  the ability to grow your bodyhair at any time you want . 
  but you ca n't control how long it gets . 
  we should be closer . 
  that is grim dude . 
  do not steal another guys girl . 
  that is just a dick move . 
  because her boyfriend might not like it as much as i do . 
  so the french have their flags up there now , 
  see the grand canyon . 
  it really put my life in perspective . 
  you realise how small you are . 
  also the view is amazing . 
  i have no idea where to austria you went because in my 18 years here i 've never seen people living in trailers . 
  sure there are places for camping and the so called `` schreberg\u00e4rten '' but they are anything but riddled with trash . 
  as it stands austria along with swiss is the cleanest country you can find . 
  in austria the `` redneck '' stereotype is fulfilled by german long term social help users . 
  the support is called `` hartz 4 '' and those people are typically sitting in their government flats all day , watch rtl , drink beer and do not supervise their kids called kevin and schakkeline . 
  so we call these people assis , hartzer or hartz4ler . 
  eat , sleep , wank , repeat . 
  sounds stupid but runescape is the best browser based mmorpg . 
  you wont find anything better in a browser . 
  that sense of achievement went ex after i noticed i botted to max . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that sounds about right . 
  either i am the boss or i suck , literally :(, 
  that sounds like there is a great story behind this . 
  if you are american you are half doomed already . 
  almost everything contains corn syrup or corn starch . 
  you have to search for not with this shyte polluted foods . 
  my advice dont drink sodas , ever !, 
  easy 1000 kcal you wont miss and cut back on overal eating . 
  kids at my school used to sniff and eat tea . 
  do n't ask me why . 
  slow cars and old drivers . 
  yeah ... 
  xbox one and ps4 ; once you get a decent pc you simply ca n't go back anymore . 
  i 'd rather spend 200-300 more $ on a decent pc and save around 20-50 $ at each single fucking game i buy ( if i even buy it ) than having these shitty consoles that are just collecting dust because they ca n't even run a game like watch doges on ultra settings in 60 fps . 
  what is this shit ? 
  i have like 110 days ingame . 
  luckily i played bearly 10 % of it myself . 
  powerbot & rsbuddy saved my social life . 
  an innovative and good addition to the call of duty franchise with high graphical fidelity . 
  the movie got ruined for me once somebody pointed out that the boy is probably the only person ever to break into a kz . 
  * here come the downvotes *, 
  i pay 0,10 $ for 1l bottled water whereas i pay 1,50 $ for 1l of gasoline . 
  one of these days i will ask out that one girl . 
  till then i 'll just sit lonely in this corner . 
  go on the deep web and place a hit on yourself . 
  cellphones , i mean an iphone costs ~ 180 $ to produce . 
  i would be okay to pay 250 $ for it but 600 $ + ? 
  cmon, 
  that would be disgusting as fuck, 
  elliot rodgers , no girl will say no to you . 
  if one does , tell her nobody can dodge the rodge . 
  austria : anything with skies . 
  everybody who is half decent in a wintersport has some connection to austria . 
  toilet paper . 
  just imagine , or better do n't . 
  prepare for a tactical combat piss . 
  nobody wants to fight a pissing , wet , naked man . 
  that 's a deck to play schnapsen or 66 with . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sixty-six_ ( card_game ), 
  it is a really fun game you should try it sometimes . 
  that article is somewhat strange to say the least . 
  we generally tend to think of germans as those uptight people , we do n't really like them but more like in a way of 2 brothers not liking each other . 
  also we favour the south germans ( bavarians ) over the rest since they are a lot like us . 
  also austria is not corrupt . 
  idk where they got that from but nobody will take your cash , the only thing that works is knowing the right people but that requires no money . 
  if you want a decent internet connection and cell plan you will have to calculate a bit more for that ( sadly ) . 
  that is one thing that austria got on the germans , our internet and cell plans are way cheaper and less restrictive . 
  why is like 90 % of the topic deleted ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  oh my god lol . 
  thanks man/woman, 
  the trashmen : surfin ' bird, 
  just gives such a good vibe . 
  you see by boxxy, 
  aeris death in ff7 left me devastated . 
  i only install programs on my d : or e : or f : drive since my c : is a ssd with only 128 gb capacity . 
  usually i do n't have any problems whatsoever but sometimes i run across programs or installers that are not capable to let me chose the directory where i want them installed and i have to manually move them . 
  99 % of the time everything works though . 
  100 % with you and ignore the downvotes . 
  happens to me every time i post about our isps and how amazing they are . 
  people are just jealous . 
  it is like a zerg rush . 
  the big bang . 
  i think you understand . 
  `` do n't vaccinate your children or they will get autism . '', 
  fucking idiots , put them all against a wall . 
  #football ... 
  either blow jobs or cum , buckets of cum . 
  it 's not you it 's me . 
  what the fuck ? 
  in europe most people write cursive . 
  it is an american pheonmenom as far as i can see . 
  three is the charm .
