  all i see are 2 he crafting materials . 
  they ca n't be ancient , it wo n't be a super rare because there are only like 10 named items , so what am i expecting ? 
  i feel like the time i invest is not being valued by the developer , i feel like they look at me and laugh because i am stupid enough to play their game and get nothing out of it , not even fun . 
  i am happy for you if you are happy the way it is now but for me it is near game breaking . 
  it 's a looter shooter without any worth while loot . 
  wtf kind of argument is that ? 
  ignoring the fact that i have pretty good crafted items and a very good dropped m1a i should n't feel like wasting my time by doing literally anything in the game . 
  the 1-30 journey was really exciting and fun , always new loot , new places , new enemies and then you get to 30 and suddenly everything comes to a grinding halt or slows down by a factor of 10000 . 
  you need to accept that this game has massive problems in its core mechanics . 
  i like the game , i really enjoyed playing it but currently i do n't even think it 's worth loading since nothing interesting will happen . 
  oh , probably . 
  that one flew right over my head then . 
  hate to break it to you but the grind will start now , once you have full he , which is n't too hard because of challenging missions , it will be neigh impossible to have a full set of good he items . 
  no , you are right . 
  up to the point where you are now , finishing up gearing in the first full he , effectively running cms it is pretty fun . 
  the question is where do you go from here and how ? 
  get a really good divorce lawyer , sadly if you did not sign a marriage contract you will be in a bad position . 
  would you in his position get no lawyer or a bad one ? 
  because it usually means giving up 50 % of your stuff , that is , at least for me , a bad position to be in . 
  i doubt he would be worried about his financial situation if his wife was very well off . 
  and yes if his wife gets custody of the children , which is almost certain unless he puts up a major fight , he will have to pay alimony , which if he is unlucky , is rated well above what he usually would spend on his children . 
  bmi works in statistics but not in real life . 
  the whole formula is centered around large groups of people and not individuals , the taller you are the easier you will be overweight using it and the smaller you are the easier you land in the normal weight range . 
  also it does not take in account any other variables than height , weight and gender . 
  but it can be a good indicator . 
  actually it seems that op is from america which lets his plan to move to germany on a whim pretty much evaporate unless he got the work visa sorted already . 
  gambit has 25 % win rate on dust2 while penta has 54.1 % , now i do n't know the csgo scene too well but those are not pretty odds . 
  however i pray to all the skin gods that gambit repeats their earlier game from today . 
  how you can just flip flop around like that is beyond me . 
  well if you do a whois domain register search you get this : http://www.whois.com/whois/modisabrina.de, 
  spam email from a chinese provider , a street that does n't exist in kiel and the phone number leads to a chinese number provider . 
  now they still can be legit but my guess is that you got scammed . 
  moneyboy too . 
  honestly if you are not in a position where you can easily spend 20-30k on a new car theres is no reason not to buy used . 
  if you narrow it down to some cars that you are going to test drive etc. 
  maybe take somebody with you who knows a few things about cars , maybe a friend or somebody from work , and let them point out possible problems . 
  also always haggle when it comes to the price , you always get away cheaper if you do . 
  i can only speak from my perspective but you are right . 
  i find myself not willing to even start db anymore because it has become boring , you ca n't play competitive , pub matches are either rape or get raped and the constant pushing of them trying to sell you more stuff for real money while they still have not managed to leave bloody beta ( not saying the game is anywhere near ready but that makes it even worse ) . 
  what even is this game at this point ? 
  duuude , nice . 
  and i thought i was happy with my 1 $ win . 
  i think this is how the majority of players experienced the game . 
  really fun till 30 and then it just stopped . 
  they sold us a game that is based around looting with no loot once you hit 30 . 
  they fixed that with 1.1 but there is nothing to do with the looted items . 
  there is no endgame , i mean yeah incursions but it 's also just running one mission again and again so , what is there to do ? 
  or from destiny or literally any other game where endgame is the goal . 
  they tried to blame it on the players too , saying that they played too much or too efficiently . 
  what kind of answer to the lack of content is that . 
  i knew i remembered your name , you called me a nazi once already . 
  you do n't parade around in your inherited ss / sa uniform every sunday while praying in the general direction of braunau ? 
  were they really surprised that people prefer water when they are thirsty and do n't usually get wasted during the week ? 
  just another article showing how shit thelocal.at is . 
  same answer that you got in / r/germany, 
   sorry , i do n't know of any unis that only offer courses in english and english lessons . 
  but i wated to reply anyways , since i 'd like to know why you want to get your bachelors in germany if you are seemingly completely unwilling to learn german for it . 
  it blows my mind . 
  i went to france for a short while to getr my french-skills up and went to australia to attent high-school to further my engllish conversations-skills , so i can not understand that someone would take a 3 + year stay in another country with the premise to not have to learn german . 
  in computer science , most words and abriviations are english or at least have an international consistency , so the subject should be thje least of your problems, 
  it does not , as you stated you had an injury to your arm before the incident already . 
  unless this caused a major trauma to your shoulder there probably will be no way to tell if this actually happened . 
  so unless you got a few witnesses or a video recording i do not see how anything should come out of this . 
  then you should re-evaluate your choice . 
  a level of about c1 in german is recommended for visiting a german course on almost all subjects . 
  do you have any statistics for that ? 
  i tried to find some but all the hits i got were related to these train compartments but nothing official . 
  transfer out or learn to fit in . 
  learn german , learn to differ between people hating you because of you or being annoyed by your behavior . 
  life is not a cakewalk and nothing is handed to most of us . 
  something i do n't understand is you say you are here long enough to go crazy but have not picked up any german by now . 
  why ? 
  jagex never rewards items back . 
  i 've been playing since 2008 and i think i only ever witnessed 2 rollbacks due to bugs/glitches and those were game wide . 
  i tried once in 2011 when i got ratted for around 600m . 
  their answer was something along the line : `` we are sorry , nothing we can do about that . '', 
  that was a punch to the gut . 
  a r.a.t. 
  short for remote administration tool . 
  basically a keylogger on steroids . 
  the master server has full control over the infected host . 
  no , i was ratted . 
  blackshades , remember that ? 
  i do . 
  too well . 
  yeah time flies , i remember when they conducted the raids and the whole community was freaking out , they even raided 2 of my friends back then . 
  taking part . 
  we soon all decided to call quits on black hatting , risking jail for runescape gold not worth . 
  well most of us were just skids back then . 
  2011-2012 was a crazy bad year for java , so many 0 day exploits were leaked and made jdbs really easy . 
  also about that time binders and crypters became really easily available . 
  if somebody spent 5 hours researching they could setup their own jdb or upload infected and encrypted files with 0 coding knowledge . 
  you can but anything but day to day conversation will become a huge burden . 
  germany has a lot of bureaucracy that is written in higher german , sometimes even to a point that natives do n't even understand it . 
  speaking and reading german is a must if you plan on staying . 
  99.5 % safe , the 0,5 % danger come from those people that you find literally everywhere . 
  the refugee stuff is just money making for the american `` news '' outlets . 
  little to no research goes into their reports but they sell like hot bread . 
  not too familiar with the german one but it should be rather similar to the austrian one . 
  ranking education against each other is pretty difficult since you have to have in-depth knowledge of both systems but this is what i can say : the systems that exist accommodate all types of students .
