   i will be fine with a guantanamo style system where people who represents a credible threat are sent . 
  for what intent ? 
  what do you mean with `` guantanamo style '' ? 
  against the human rights convention ? 
  why is a high security prison and a life sentence not enough ? 
   i am in fact in favor of mass automated surveillance ( nsa style ) as long as it is operated by a political/business independent body . 
  i am not . 
  this means breaching and violating the security and pricavy of 66 million people , which already turned out not to work - france [ already has one of the most highest surveillance machinery ] ( http://www.recode.net/2015/11/14/11620670/france-has-a-powerful-and-controversial-new-surveillance-law ) , yet this did not prevent any terrorist attack . 
  germany on the other hand does not have a surveillance machinery like france , but did suffer way , way less attacks with much less victims so far , despite taking in a lot more refugees . 
  [ apparently , nsa-like surveillance does not help to prevent terrorism at all ] ( https://theintercept.com/2015/11/17/u-s-mass-surveillance-has-no-record-of-thwarting-large-terror-attacks-regardless-of-snowden-leaks/ ) . 
  did you know that the french justice system also applies to foreigners ? 
  that foreigners have rights , too ? 
  but you need to be a chef to fix the reason why the bread was burnt . 
  of course when you 're sitting on the table smelling burnt bread you can scream and shout `` i knew it , i knew it '' , but you are not coming up with ideas how to fix that . 
  and the legal system , with which you want to meddle , is more difficult than making bread . 
  and if you want to call for measures tackling that , you should have decent knowledge about it . 
  see the issue here ? 
  because that 's _ exactly _ the balancing act i am doing when thinking about those cases . 
   however even if that 's the case , after years of dealing with isis , the fact that there is still no willingness from the government to provide a comprehensible constitutional framework to deal with that is beyond ridiculous . 
  but what would you call to be a comprehensible constitutional framework ? 
  what changes do you want ? 
  because i 'm convinced that this attack here could have been prevented by _ more police staff _ . 
  he already was monitored , but apparently , there were not enough resources to monitor him strictly enough . 
  you do n't have a clue how our justice system works ? 
  so why do n't you read up on that and come back when you can answer your question yourself ? 
  ... you have never been to a court , right ? 
  read my comment again . 
  and again . 
  and again . 
  until you notice that they did not `` slip this past them '' . 
  there was nothing else they could have done legally , well , except if they have had more people and funding to _ really _ monitor all suspects . 
  but nope , calling for more staff is apparently not what you guys all want , even though _ this _ would have prevented this . 
   no , but they knew you were doing stuff they did n't like . 
  dude , you have no idea what i was going to do and what i did as a stupid teenager . 
  a stupid , hormone driven teenager killing people ? 
  that could have so easily been me . 
  _ easily _ . 
  i 'm saying that for a reason . 
   this is what makes it difficult to discern the innocent from the guilty , because all family members will always claim they did not know his family knew :  [ ... ] the family had previously told french authorities about his radicalisation to stop him going to syria . 
  and yes , this is a puberty issue . 
  there is nothing easier than make a stupid , adolescent teenager make stupid shit , believe stupid shit . 
  i know for a fact because i have been there . 
   i 'm saying the guy who committed a terrorist act he never was . 
  which i already said , so i guess i know why you think that i _ have no real arguments _ - you are n't even reading my comments . 
  it would be impacted !, 
  suddenly , the government can deport all people sharing one similarity ? 
  that 's a huge thing . 
  i 'm no terrorist ? 
  well , too bad , the government already can deport _ any _ group , not just terrrorists . 
  also , how would that have prevented this attack ? 
  the attacker was not convicted of being a terrorist . 
   he was investigated and typical european incompetent authorities gave up midway through the investigation well , then become a lawyer , because apparently you can come up with enough evidence to convict someone of being a terrorist while surfing reddit . 
  yes , yes , i know , everyting is so easy when you are sitting on your computer . 
  but if you actually try to do something in real life , it is n't easy anymore . 
  proving someone guilty is one of those things . 
   alright then , continue living in fear i do n't live in fear , you are talking about yourself here . 
  i am safe in numbers , in knowledge of the lowering crime statistics , in trust in the constitutional state . 
  you are scared so much that you want to leave europe , and you think _ i 'm _ scared ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you ca n't even tell me how many people died from car accidents this year compared to the number of people who died in terrorist attacks ( be it france or the eu ) without it looking up right now . 
  yet you want to convince me that _ you _ know anything better ? 
  nope , do n't think so . 
  you are in a lack of information , and this makes you scared . 
   the authorities established with conclusive evidence a long time ago that he was a radicalized citizen who was into isis propaganda and was trying to go to syiria anonymously . 
  nope , they did n't . 
  [ made a comment on that down here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4usivh/normandy_church_attack_french_authorities/d5snduc ) . 
   your constitutional rights are n't in danger . 
   nationality should not be an unconditional right for terrorists . 
  giving the state the possibility to deport a big group of people sharing one similarity , or stripping them of their constitutional rights , is not envisaged by the french constitution for a reason . 
  this possibility heavily undermines my rights . 
  just because i am not part of one group does not mean that this law can not be acted upon a group where i belong . 
  also , that would n't have prevented this attack - the attacker was never convicted of being a terrorist . 
  if he had been , he would have been in jail . 
  and how would have this prevented this here ? 
  the attacker was in court already and there was not enough evidence to sentence him for trying to join a terrorist organisation . 
  do you want to instate the death penalty for people trying to travel into other countries with their brothers passport ? 
  that 's pretty harsh . 
  and not only would that undermine my human rights , it would also instantly kick france out of the eu . 
   at the very least , he was accused to try joining isis , which just by itself is a crime and this makes the difference :  he was arrested in 2015 while trying to get to syria using his brother 's passport and was sent back to france . 
  his commited crime was trying to travel into another country with bis brothers passport . 
  i 'm sorry , but as the laws are , this is no evidence to sentence someone for joining a terrorist organization . 
  i know , _ everyone knows _ that he intended to join isis , but you ca n't prove that in court . 
  and you simply can not sentence someone for a crime you can not prove . 
   in march this year he was arrested for plotting terrorist attacks . 
  here we basically have the same again . 
  i 'm pretty sure the authorities knew that he wanted to commit terroist attacks , that 's why they monitored him . 
  but there was no evidence that _ he himself plotted an attack _ . 
  he probbably got arrested together with some other people , but there apparently was not enough evidence to sentence him . 
  trust me , authorities are not stupid . 
  the police knew what that kid was up to , that 's why he was monitored . 
  but the evidence was simply not enough to convict him . 
  this is one downside ( and simultaneously , the biggest advantage ) of living in a free society - the laws are for everyone . 
  but that 's just the way it goes . 
  my parents could n't stop me from doing shit , either . 
  they are not superhumans , they are literally just humans . 
  we are limited in our means to influence or help others , especially young , hormone driven guys . 
  if there 's anything you can do with guys like that : get them out of their family to resolve that underlying puberty issue . 
  get them into an environment where nobody knows them at first , enabling them to experience themselves as a person and finding out what defines them . 
  and education , so much more education . 
  i 'm pretty sure he found recognition and a persona when he was with those radicalized idiots . 
  i 'm pretty sure they treated him like a man and not like someone they once saw shitting his diapers .
