  there were people said exactly that about the germans . 
  i 'm damn glad the majority did n't listen to those . 
  yeah , i am . 
  wait , you were banned ? 
  yeah , ok , i think i see the reasoning now . 
   it is not being investigated as a neo-nazi attack , it 's not classified as terrorism . 
  wtf . 
  not being classified as terrorism - ok , i can see the logic in that . 
  but not classifying as neo-nazi-attack ? 
   i seemed to have missed your ideas as to how we ` fix ' this problem ? 
  as the question , so the answer . 
  i wo n't do shit to give you an answer . 
  you have never actually listened to a priest , did you ? 
  because the good ones do n't preach you to be as hateful as you are . 
  and i wo n't let you annoying nutjobs profit from the death of someone who dedicated his life to help others instead of hating them . 
  you accuse me of being an isis sympathizer ? 
  you are , clearly . 
  you love it when they kill people , and you love to hate . 
  if you care so much about priests saying mass ' , [ follow their example ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/pope-francis-takes-three-families-of-syrian-refugees-detained-on-greek-island-of-lesbos-on-his-plane-a6987191.html ) . 
  public schools . 
  in germany , religious education at public schools is normal . 
  and it is one of the most powerful instruments against radicalization - teachers in germany study at least two subject with a very strong pedagogy setting for several years and are employed by the state . 
  so , a religion teacher in germany not only teaches religion , but also another subject ( e.g. 
  math or sth ) but also is not allowed to be an extremist or member of extremist groups/parties by law . 
  * edit * : [ here is a little bit more information ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_education#germany ), 
  looks like it 's time to get a coffee ... 
  responded to the wrong comment . 
  sorry for that : /, 
  * edit * : did the job myself . 
  [ jacques hamel was friends with the imam of his town , saint-etienne-du-rouvray , and even gifted part of the church property to the muslim community so they could build a mosque . 
  ] ( http://www.firstpost.com/world/jacques-hamel-gave-his-life-to-others-imam-mourns-priest-killed-in-normandy-church-2-2917380.html ) fuck those right wingers that want to abuse his death to spit their hateful agenda against muslims . 
  the article says that he was quite open minded towards the changes by the pope . 
  is there any information about his stance about refugees and muslims ? 
  because i refuse to believe that he was opposed to them , yet there are _ a lot _ of people trying to misuse his death to push their agenda . 
  what do you tink the priest would like you to do now ? 
  hate all muslims ? 
  deport refugees and let them die ? 
  does n't really sound like this guy tbh . 
  so , you think the only thing you can learn from history is guilt ? 
  well , then you have n't been paying attention . 
   recognize the reality that this has been a major mistake . 
  what are your criteria for taking in syrian refugees is a major mistake ? 
  i 'm actually asking for objective criteria with which i can judge if taking in refugees is a success or a failure . 
  what should those be ? 
  economic growth or decline ? 
  see if the number of crimes commited per refugee is lower or higher than the number of crimes done by german citizens ? 
  when would you consider it a failure and when a success ? 
  because i can see that you consider it a failure , when all the people i know who directly work with refugees would completely disagree with that statement . 
  and i trust those a bit more than a reddit comment tbh . 
  * edit * : also , this attack was n't done by refugees . 
  so how is taking in refugees to blame for that ? 
   islam in europe needs to be neutered and rendered as irrelevant as christianity is to modern europe . 
  in germany , it was called for islam education in schools ( similar to christian education ) , theology studies for imams and a mosque tax since a few years already . 
  so that the government controls who teaches what , where , with whose money . 
  but _ everytime _ someone comes up with `` muslim education at schools '' , the right wingers go nuts and cry over their islamization . 
  seeing the comments in other threads , i wonder what he would have wanted : deportation or internment of muslims , letting refugees die in the wars they are fleeing from , hate towards everyone who is foreign , or , well ... you know , the stuff priests usually tell us ( nowadays ) . 
  being peaceful , thankful , having an open heart and open door and not let the hate dictate . 
  daesh targets those who try to fight their hate . 
  but a whole lot of commentators here does not get this . 
   in this case , traveling to syria with a fake passport should be considered as attempting to join a terrorist organization , period . 
  what other good reason could there be to travel there under these circumstances . 
  this seems quite harsh . 
  this guy travelled to syria with his brothers passport . 
  people travelling to other countries and then having passport issues is extremely common , there are a lot of instances where the passport gets lost , or where one grabs the passport of his roommate in the hotel or sth and then ends up at the airport with passport issues . 
  to instantly make them all terrorist , even without a court trial , is really , really unreasonable . 
  you would label thousands of doctors and helpers terrorists for travelling to syria to do their job . 
  i think you really underestimate how many people still travel to syria without the intent of becoming a terrorist . 
  concerning the attack in brazil : this does n't look like massive nsa surveillance at all , more like normal fbi tapping , but this article does not have nearly enough information for concluding if it was either this or that . 
  but nsa mass surveillance is a lot more than just wire tapping online communication of suspects , like the secret services already can . 
  or , read a history book !, 
  so , when nsa like surveillance can not prevent large attacks , i fail to see how it is intended to prevent small attacks . 
  those are n't planned by many people communicating with each other , but are done by one or two attackers who personally know each other . 
  the do n't need to send emails , they can ( and do ) just meet and plan the attack , without any possibility of a surveillance machinery being able to notice that . 
  those are the `` lone wolves '' , who plan the attack completely by themselves , leave a video pledging allegiance to isis , and then do it . 
  surveillence wo n't prevent this . 
   i am not even advocating life sentence for intent to join isis , but the capability to detain someone who represents a threat without due process when the current framework do not allow to have an efficient response to said threat . 
  but i still see a problem here . 
  afaik , there already is a high prison sentence for attempting to join a terrorist group . 
  so there already is the capability you are calling for . 
  there is no capability to jail people who could n't be sentenced for lack of evidence as there should be - innocent until proven guilty should never be abolished . 
  so i ca n't see what change you intend to commit here ? 
  by the way , do you have any numbers on how many people are convicted of joining or attempting to join a terrorist organizstion in france ? 
  i failed to find something about this yet . 
   there 's actually a decent number of antifa fighting with the kurds . 
  oh , do you have a source for that ? 
  i 'd love to read into that , i did n't even know that . 
  so , after arguing a bit in this thread , here are my arguments to this : * he was n't arrested for being radicalized . 
  quote : '' _ he was arrested in 2015 while trying to get to syria using his brother 's passport and was sent back to france _ '' . 
  this apparently is the incident that got him monitored . 
  * even though we know ( and the authorities also knew ) that he intended to join isis , there was no evidence to convict him of joining a terrorist organization . 
  the only crime he commited was travelling with his brothers passport to a foreign country . 
  that 's just not enough . 
  if there had been any records of him contacting isis , this would have been a completely different story . 
  * '' _ in march this year he was arrested for plotting terrorist attacks _ '' . 
  he was n't convicted of plotting attacks , and again , it looks as if there was not enough evidence for that . 
  authorities had no way to jail him since he was never convicted of being a terrorist or joining a terrorist organization , there just was no legal basis and there wo n't be one if france wants to remain a country where you are innocent until proven guilty . 
  they did however monitor him , as they should , and there was enough evidence that allowed for monitoring . 
  however , apparently there was not enough staff to monitor him strictly enough to prevent this attack . 
  if at all , you can blame the government for not having enough police staff to prevent this attack . 
  for everything else you ca n't blame them because there was nothing that could have been done without abolishing the constitutional state and sentencing someone without evidence .
