  like lol how whiny do you have to be fot that, 
  so far the only people who took it seriously are triggered right wingers . 
   besides your constitution wo n't allow this piece of orange trash to rule the country for more than 4-8 years and the turkish constitution did n't allow erdogan to hold political office for life . 
  did n't stop him either . 
  rightists are the most triggered snowflakes you can imagine . 
  you really seem to have no idea that fascism does n't mean gassing jews . 
   fyi , my grand mother died just a few years back , as we were cutting social support because we had to shift funds to pay for bailout of german banks . 
  i do n't believe you that your grandmother died because of this . 
  actually i do n't even believe anything you say until you back it up . 
  and you are oversimplifying way , way too much here . 
   woe is the people who literally have to suffer and die because you elected a thug who gets to bully other governments into situation that cause severe suffering for their people . 
  blaming germany for problems your government created is the most selfish and stupid thing you can do . 
  * edit * : it sure must be shitty that germany pays so much money for the eu , that every other country has a veto , that there are majority votes , that there are 28 countries making the decision , not germany . 
  you do n't even know how the eu works , makes decisions , laws . 
  how am i supposed to feel sorry for some sobbing stories you come up with if you do n't even know what you are talking about ? 
  you are just laying the blame on one country without knowing what causes the problem . 
  you are just an anti eu troll account . 
  sticking together or being friends is apparently pretty out in the current political climate . 
  oh yeah , germany is dictating europe , have n't heard that one in a long time . 
  true , in a union of ( still ) 28 countries , there are n't any majorities or vetoes . 
  nope , just germany . 
  germany forces everyone into the eu , those poor countries do n't even have a choice . 
  good , then i can apply it to whoever i want . 
  then trump , putin and lepen are actual fascists just like your svooboda and golden dawn . 
  nice . 
   a rigid definition of fascism . 
  mind to give us yours ? 
  i 'm pretty sure whatever definition you can come up with that applies to your `` actual fascists '' either applies to the others , too , or would n't include the nazi party or mussolini 's party . 
  and in a healthy country , all parties want to be as far from fascism as possible , not just one characteristic short of . 
  oh yeah , of course there are still differences. , no doubt about that , and in regards to le pen , putin and trump , may is even the best person in my opinion . 
  but the overall patch the uk takes currently is n't looking nice , and i do n't see a change in direction yet . 
   `` glorification of nazism [ and ] xenophobic , anti-semitic and other right-wing extremism '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung if you are advocating _ for _ xenophobia and anti-semitism , then something is wrong with you - and you commited a crime . 
  the leader of the government is n't the entire government , unlike in russia or turkey . 
  and if you are concerned that germany has had the same leader for a decade , why do n't you think russia is a bigger concern then ? 
  the sentence right after you cut off should clarify our differing views :  political parties and politicians often use the terms populist and populism as pejoratives against their opponents . 
  such a view sees populism as demagogy , merely appearing to empathize with the public through rhetoric or unrealistic proposals in order to increase appeal across the political spectrum . 
  you are right , i mixed up `` demagogy '' with populism , because those ore often ( and apprently , in germany even more ) used synonymously . 
   hell they are n't kicking down doors at night for `` wrongthink '' this did n't happen in germany for quite a long time . 
  a few defining characteristics for me would be : * open anti-intellectualism : the opinion of an expert , no matter the topic , is of less value or completely irrelevant if he is not from the same political camp * intentional misuse of quotes , taken out of context ( again , intentionally ) , to mislead the recipient * intentionally sensationalist headlines invoking feelings , no proper use of neutral , fact-based language * edit * : one other characteristic , however not defining , would be to invite extremist guests and letting them speak freely , without fact checking or moderating them . 
  in an ideal world , china would be the most dangerous country towards the eu . 
  really shows you how bad other countries have become that china is now appreciated like this . 
   we all have one with them , to some extent , through the wto . 
  trading under wto rules is the lowest form of international trade there is , while `` free trade '' is basically the most advanced . 
  either i am missing a certain agreement between the us and china or this statement does n't make sense . 
  russia is ruled by putin . 
  the us has trump . 
  the uk now comes up with this . 
  if the french election goes horribly wrong , it will be the same there . 
  damn it almost looks like the four countries that crushed the disease of fascism infected themselves with it , but it took 3 generations to break out . 
   fox news is n't populist journalism in the us must be at a staggering low if fox is n't considered populist there . 
  [ crush the saboteurs ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-8bw7yjfnq1u/uidzv6h8ini/aaaaaaaaab4/fokzy1w45-g/s1600/vendetta2.png ), 
  why is this cherry picking ? 
  should n't such a collaboration be just common sense and civility between neighbors and excluded from political dissent ? 
  you mean like it went in germany in 1945 ? 
  and i 'm calling for a lot.of countries to act . 
   it took absolute defeat and humiliation though , and that was after the crimes were done , not before . 
  so you 're saying of we were to invade turkey now , we would n't be able to install a stable government , even though half the country despises erdogan ? 
  it would fail because ... the country somehow would end up in civil war ? 
  why did the german occupation in france work ? 
  why was it possible to install a fascist regime ? 
  i 'm advocating to install a democratic goverment , not a fascist one . 
  why does on work and the other does not ? 
  and why did the ally treatment in austria work ? 
   the bigger concern was whether it would continue to pay off wwi debt . 
  that was n't even remotely the concern of the weimar republic . 
   stabilising turkey after an invasion . 
  learn from history , look how germany was stabilized . 
  millions of soldiers , no room for rebels anywhere , strong economic help . 
  you have been promoted to rank general in the british army . 
  so you rather want to do nothing and let turkey become a threat to us instead ? 
  nope sorry . 
  that 's more reason to do it . 
  it is our business . 
  that 's what has to happen after the invasion . 
  yes . 
  out of pure egoism of france and the uk - they would n't have been consumed by war if they had done this . 
  eastern europe would n't have been fucked to shreds with this . 
  only one country , and one country alone would have `` suffered '' from military occupation . 
  that 's a damn good trade i 'd be willing to take . 
  know the difference between iraq and germany after ww2 ? 
  iraq was conquered with a few hundred thousand soldiers , germany with millions . 
  iraq had rebels , radical islamists in regions not directly under military control . 
  with an occupation force large enough , it will work , just like it worked with germany, 
  it does . 
  source : am living in germany . 
  guess what solved this issue ? 
  when exactly was nato in iraq ? 
  nato . 
  imagine what could have been prevented if france and great britain invaded germany in 1933 as soon as the nazis took power . 
  maybe we should finally learn from history just once and take this fucker out of office right now , while we 're strong enough for it . 
  because it wo n't get better in the future . 
  [ he was banned from holding political office for life . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_life_and_career_of_recep_tayyip_erdo%c4%9fan#mayor_of_istanbul ) of course this vote would n't have stopped him , he won as soon as the constitution was changed for him in 2003 to come back . 
  fascism spreads . 
  if you do n't fight it , but appease it , it will spread to other countries . 
  look at the fall of democracies in the 1920 's and 30 's . 
  it started with one fascist country supporting and empowering other fascist movements in other countries . 
  putin got into power in 1999 . 
  he reigns unhindered for 18 years , in fact , the west even appeased him . 
  now he 's making sure that his fascism spreads to every other country .
