  how the hell is russia to want any clay from their neighors ? 
   there is no good that can come from a new referendum . 
  all just political authority is derived from the people , and a referendum is the act of determining the will of the people . 
  how can you claim that there ca n't come any good from determining the people 's will ? 
   just as the brexiteers did in their first referendum i feel like i 'm missing something here , which referendum are you referring here ? 
  i would argue that we 're seeing the soviet union on the chart . 
  notice how it declined rapidly after the fall of the soviet union ? 
  i 'd wager that it was the su actively supporting or indirectly assisting terrorism that lead to such high death counts . 
  notice the sudden and sharp decline after the collapse of the soviet union . 
  western democracies are pretty ok and stable , it is outside support ( money and weapons ) that lead to terrorist attacks here . 
  oh , you mean the reference to the pretty bad diplomatic behaviour of the current us administration ? 
  well , this administration manages to create headlines like '' [ us diplomacy in crisis amid cuts and confusion at state department ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/mar/22/us-diplomacy-in-crisis-amid-cuts-and-confusion-at-state-department ) '' or [ awkwardly joking about pretty serious breaches of trust and law ] ( http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/president-trump-jokes-u-s-wiretapping-german-leader-article-1.3001296 ) . 
  even bibi does n't do this . 
  * edit * : [ bibi also does n't fuck up diplomatic relations via twitter ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/22/us/politics/donald-trump-jr-criticizes-london-mayor-after-deadly-attack.html ), 
   chechnya will never become stable aha . 
  good that you know everything and can look into the future  youre hilarious , holy shit are the balkans occupied ? 
  no they are n't because nato can actually create stable , democratic countries . 
  russia never did this . 
  face it , nato can actually solve problems - see bosnia and herzegovina . 
  russia ca n't do anythign bsides occupying and enslaving . 
   chechnya is a part of russia yeah , no . 
  it 's occupied . 
   lmao why in the fuck would nato ever get itself into chechnya . 
  why would nato ever get itself into bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  because it wants stable countries . 
   any power vacuum in chechnya no power vacuum with nato . 
  did n't you read ? 
  nice edit . 
  you know , there already was a pretty brutal clash and chaos in the balkans . 
  [ nato engagement in bosnia and herzegovina ended it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_intervention_in_bosnia_and_herzegovina ) and today , those countries are in pretty good shape , even though there is still a bit to do . 
  i 'm certain nato can do the same in chechnya . 
  all it requires is the russians to fuck off of countries that do n't belong to them . 
  well , maybe chechnya would n't be in such a chaos if there was n't any russian occupation and no kadyrow ? 
  how about we give it a try ? 
  i agree that it may have catastrophic international relations to some arabic or muslim countries , but it also has some very close relations to other countries . 
  but because of this it is outstanding how delicately israel manages this situation , where a big muslim ( and under erdogan even islamist ) country like turkey is involved . 
  this is a sign of a pretty good diplomatic corps to me . 
  so far , several countries neighboring russia have felt direct and utterly negative consequences from putins regime . 
  i 'm sure most people in chechnya , georgia , ukraine or moldavia would welcome a regime change in russia . 
  i say we should give the next russian government a chance , putin had his . 
  i would n't agree there . 
  a country can be very diplomatic in its justifications , negotiations or statements while simultaneously breaking international law or even committing war crimes . 
  i 'm pointing out the good and subtle diplomatic behaviour of a government i heavily disagree with . 
  how is that condescending ? 
  yeah well i 'm talking about diplomacy here , not actions . 
  if we 're comparing actions , his arbitrary muslim ban is just as bad as building settlements in the west bank . 
  ... did you have a stroke ? 
  you seem to write nonsensical , incoherent sentences . 
  what , i gave you specifics regarding the very thoughtful address by the israeli government . 
  you asked for closer explanation of israeli diplomatic behaviour , i showed it to you . 
  such as condemning comments made by another government without explicitly referring to said government , while also choosing the wording very carefully . 
  you know , diplomacy . 
  as much as i disagree with the israeli government , at least they have _ some _ sense of diplomatic behaviour . 
  unlike the current us government ... 
   balaclava wearing antifa types also come with violence and destruction of property you have never attended a single demonstration , right ? 
  i stood besides such `` types '' of protesters numerous times and only once experienced them turning violent . 
  you know , not every douchebag wears a balaclava and not every balaclava wearer is a douchebag . 
  well , that 's no surprise . 
  putin 's best friend schr\u00f6der governed here for 7 years , and under his rule , the office for organized crime in eastern europe was closed . 
  several high ranking specialists with extremely valuable know-how were laid off . 
  we really have a blind eye when it comes to russia and the mob . 
  i say it 's enough of putin and his gang . 
  i want a regime change in russia - 18 years is way too much . 
  that makes him smart , duh !, 
  you know , i 'm almost compelled to agree with that ... 
   wow , this article has literally nothing to do with your comment above . 
  let me explain it to you :  #until [ . . ] have figured out what 's going on quote : god you are dense . 
  [ god you are dense . 
  ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/trump-i-would-close-up-our-borders-until-we-figure-out-what-s-going-on-650317891520 ), 
  also everything is obama 's fault and his crowd was the bigliest . 
  we should arrest him until our american friends have figured out what 's going on between him and russia . 
  * edit * : [ looks like stormfront is here ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/nightly-news/video/trump-i-would-close-up-our-borders-until-we-figure-out-what-s-going-on-650317891520 ) :  i would close up our borders until we figure out what 's going on, 
  so what ? 
  i 'd rather have a million `` balaclava wearing antifa types '' reminding him that his inauguration crowd size was nothing than giving him the impression that nobody opposes him . 
   try and be a brexiteer on this subreddit did you even take a look at this thread here ? 
  if you do n't weant to be called xenophobic , you should n't run on xenophobia . 
  if you do n't want to be called antidemocratic , you should n't run on made up stuff . 
   the far-right is a way broader term than islam only if you do n't know anything about it . 
  also  i do n't really understand your point now yeah , can give that right back to your original comment . 
  incoherent rambling . 
  in case you did n't notice , my original comment was a mocking of similar incoherent right wing behavior after some islamist let a fart . 
   it already speaks volumes when you compare the far right to islam how dare i compare extremism to extremism , and of course everyone in europe just _ loves _ radical islamists . 
   how many were killed by the right-wing europeans ?? 
  yeah , not many if any at all the dummy of the year award goes to ... [ you ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/84/b1/c2/84b1c2ce061af07af690bd2e51bfa7a2.jpg ), 
   this is such a hilariously silly false equivalency no , it 's fucking hypocritical bullshit , but i 'm just impersonating right-wing idiots who always come up with this kind of stuff . 
  apparently it works , so why should n't i try ? 
  and now please all far-right people and politicians denounce this attack . 
  you know , like you demand muslims do after every islamistic attack . 
   all the others are aimed squarely at regular people who have n't done anything wrong . 
  you are n't even listing something , so i assume you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  all those regulations are in fact so weak , that german gun law is n't even touched by it . 
  german gun law is stricter than those eu regulations , and still we have `` law abiding citizens '' with guns - and still a problem with `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' who own and horde guns legally , but should n't . 
  they are talking about allegations . 
  there were several incidents ( which later turned out apparently not to be correct ) , but they still showed the vulnerability of electronic voting machines . 
   when it is well known that those weapons were smuggled in from serbia . 
  they changed regulations about decommissioned weapons ( which , guess what some of those smuggled weapons were ) . 
  they did several , pretty ok changes , and the rifle associations/hunters/etc lobbyied heavily to weaken it , with success . 
  do n't tell me it 's too strict , when it 's actually the weakest version possible . 
  seriously those.people lobbying against it even threatened with violence and pretended the eu was gon na take away their guns ( no , they were n't ), 
  yes , we had such a time in europe - after the fall of the soviet union .
