  in the fastest and most deserved way for eastern germany , poland , czechoslovakia , estonia , latvia , lithuania , ukraine , hungary , georgia , khazakhstan , chechnya , armenia , azerbaijan , kyrgyzstan , moldova , tajikistan , turkmenistan , uzbekistan and the countries i forgot . 
  russia enslaved several countries . 
  all those countries became free in a very short amount of time . 
  whatever shit happened to russia , it was definitely worth for what they did to those countries . 
  there 's a reason that russia is in the top 10 of countries of origin for refugees in germany . 
  and its gui would then be littered in bugs . 
  linux is awesome if you use nothing but the terminal , but when it comes to use in government offices , it is mandatory to have a proper , functioning gui . 
  imagine govunix not always locking the screen ( like my ubuntu ) . 
  annoying , but not problematic for private use , but devastating in government use . 
  if you truly want a linux in government , you need to put in a lot of money to make it as bug free and stable as you can . 
  a community developed os only would not be sufficient . 
  here you go , buddy !, 
  show those big players what you can !, 
  he looks great , by why do his hands look like they 've been cropped ? 
  lol . 
  `` the west took russia 's eastern territories off them '' . 
  ever heard of free will ? 
  those countries do n't wan na be russia . 
  and your username checks out . 
   oh my god !!, 
  russia is doing exercises in russia !!!, 
  how dare they !, 
  of course you do n't know that osce regulations state that exercises with more than 10k soldiers must be anounced beforehand and that observers must be invited . 
  guess what russia did n't do ? 
  piss off with your `` russia didn do nuffin '' , we 're all bored by it . 
   do you see russia advocating putting military bases and troops around germany ? 
  what corner are you talking about ? 
  [ this corner . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/2tlbfrp ) it attacks us with propaganda , funds our extremists , bombs syria to shit to flood us with refugees and hacks our parliaments . 
  it puts us in a corner , and i want it to be terrified of us in return . 
  i 'm not afraid of russia , but i want russia to be afraid of us . 
   if you 'll try to put russia in a corner how about russia stopped putting us in a corner ? 
  they came at us first , so we should come at them with everything _ we _ got . 
  also russia is n't in ukraine , so it ca n't do shit . 
  thankfully , russia does n't have a veto in nato . 
  banning russia from swift , nato/un peace force intervening in ukraine . 
  push for more registered firearms 2 . 
  more firearms are stolen 3 . 
  more crimes with illegal firearms, 
  capital of state run organized crime . 
  hello myth , i 'm dad !, 
   [ states which have ethnic disputes or external territorial disputes , including irredentist claims , or internal jurisdictional disputes must settle those disputes by peaceful means in accordance with osce principles . 
  resolution of such disputes would be a factor in determining whether to invite a state to join the alliance . 
  ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/po/natohq/official_texts_24733.htm ), 
  yeah , let 's chose the insane country with 100 million inhabitants and nuclear weapons . 
  nope sorry . 
  middles eastern countries are n't are threat to us in the same way russia is . 
  also it was meant to create a border problem . 
  countries with border disputes can not join nato , which georgia and ukraine both wanted in 2008 . 
  both countries now have border disputes - south ossetia , abkhazia , crima , donetzk and luhansk . 
  the people.who miss adolf are the ones who suck putin 's dick , so guess what ? 
  so you 're saying that hitler 's approval rating did n't change after he died ? 
  so he 's still sitting on 90 % approval today ? 
  anf that 's why we have veto 's and majority votes in the eu , no matter how small the countries . 
  but there are no veto 's to russian attacks . 
  what acts ? 
  do you have proofs of any acts ? 
  `` oh my , he played the hitler card , now i can stop arguing '', 
  who cares ? 
  once he 's gone , he 's gone , and nobody can bring him back . 
  support for adolf was also quite high , and then he was gone . 
  remove voter registrations . 
  but yeah , i did n't excpect the redditor for a month to know how elections can be hacked . 
  http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/099/682/e8e.png but good , that means we can fuck with russia as long as there are no proofs of it . 
  yeah , how dare we throw money at our neighbors . 
  deployed troops from eastern europe , like those 300 hungarian medics . 
  wow , what an invasion force . 
  the only european invasion force troops were 200 soldiers from poland , and great britain . 
  all other european ocuntries noped the fuck out of that invasion and only deployed some assisting units after everything was over . 
   let 's say you 're a russian that thinks russia should turn west . 
  honest opinions such as this one are n't helping , if i were russian , i 'd think twice about counting on support of people who do n't care if i live or die . 
  russia got everything from us in the 90 's and after that , see how they repay us ? 
   and as i recall all sorts of euro countries followed usa 's lead in that fool situation . 
  then you 're recalling pretty damn wrong . 
  no french , german , italian , austrian soldiers in iraq . 
  the only european countries that were part of the invasion force were great britain and the great nation of poland with it 's brave 200 soldiers . 
   saudi arabia is a bigger culprit there , and yet they 're our finest buddies ... because they give us oil . 
  so let 's do it with sa , too . 
  i 'm talking about russia here . 
   remember the 90 's in russia ? 
  it can get worse than that . 
  most peaceful time for western and central europe , ** ever ** . 
  what ? 
  russia attacking us for what ? 
  doing the same shit as them ? 
  does that mean you 're saying we should fear russian consequences , but russia should n't fear ours ? 
  who said anything about invading ? 
   with first , we gained nothing ( and that 's assuming that the successor is n't even worse ) dictators never surround themselves with someone more evil or smarter than them . 
  putins successor will be less feared , less smart , less powerful and therefore better for us . 
  and in the most unlikely case of that not happening : do it again , remove him . 
  chop of heads until a good guy lands under your axe . 
   for exhibits , see : libya , iraq . 
  those countries are neither funding our extremists , nor flooding us with propaganda , nor hacking our parliaments and elections or waging war against our trading partners . 
  i 'll take an instable russia over putins russia every day . 
  yeah , how dare we make ourselves dependent on russian oil and gas and build factories in russia ? 
   no and apart from rt being bias like almost all other news outlets , they do n't . 
  `` russia did n't do nuffin '', 
   destabilizing a nuclear power is complete bollocks . 
  then russia should stop doing this with the west . 
  `` large majority '' my ass .
