  holy hell you are a prime example of the dunning kruger effect . 
   these situations are exactly the same they are , because the dipshits are saying the exactly same stuff . 
  this is the best and most precise confirmation . 
   never heard of refugee crisis back in 1994 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars [ just like today , germany and sweden led in the most refugees . 
  ] ( https://refugere.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/refugees-and-displaced-people-from-the-former-yugoslavia-since-1991_0c5a.jpg ) the crisis was pretty comparable , nearly a million refugees sought asylum in germany ( granted were only 400k requests ) . 
  the same shit i hear today was said back then , hysterical xenophobes proclaiming the end of civilization yadda yadda yadda murdering raping pillaging foreigners blah blah blah . 
  well , seeing the shape of germany and sweden until this current refugee crisis i 'd say those peopel were blatant xenophobe idiots and our politicians did a pretty good job . 
  i heard all this shit before in 1994 when we had the last refugee crisis and it already was bullshit back then . 
  general education helps against bullshit , but directed propaganda with a huge budget is too dangerous . 
  it needs serious actions to counter this , not only general eduction . 
  they knew exactly what they were doing . 
  the method is `` here is the story we want to report , now find something to slightly back it up '' . 
  goddammit , the federal elections did n't even start and the american and russian propaganda machines are already targeting us . 
  so you are saying that you have a complete lack of knowledge about crime statistics in germany . 
  who would 've thought ... 
  70,000 people attended wacken open air in 2011 . 
  can you tell me how many cases of groping were reported back then ? 
  reading the source helps . 
  also i 'm laughing at your attempt to distract from the fact that refugees ca n't be blamed for any increase in sexual assaults and that shutting out refugees would result in absolutely no change at all . 
  reading comprehension ... _ i _ am asking _ you _ for proof . 
   rapes and groping has already been a thing the rate of it happening has just increased . 
  2014 was the hardcore refugee crisis year . 
  in 2015 , 80 % of sexual assault was commited by austrians . 
  now you wan na tall me that in 2016 it suddenly was higher ? 
  well then prove it . 
  and prove that it was lower before 2014 . 
  proof that there were no gropings whatsoever in austria before 2014 ? 
  * edit : also , the very best : http://derstandard.at/2000041008108/sexuelle-uebergriffe-fast-80-prozent-der-taeter-sind-oesterreicher 80 % of sexual assaults commited by austrians . 
  with 170,000 refugees this would make 0.005 % . 
  man , people in this thread are crybabys . 
  so , how many refugees did austria take in ? 
  and 10 people were resposible for the `` mass groping '' ( lol ) of 18 women ? 
  man , that 's 0.01 % . 
  99.99 % are good refugees , nice . 
  that 's something i can show off with . 
   some 18 women reported having been groped by up to 10 individuals on innsbruck 's main square where around 25,000 gathered to ring in 2017 25,000 people , 18 women groped , 10 culprits . 
  how is this even news ? 
  and how fucking deluded do you have to be to blow this out of proportions like you trump/putin shills do here ? 
   some 18 women reported having been groped by up to 10 individuals on innsbruck 's main square where around 25,000 gathered to ring in 2017 25,000 people , 18 women groped . 
  during the kerb in my 2,000 people hometown where you see zero people with skin darker than pale white we had 10 cases of girls being groped . 
  dammit , inssbruck seems fucking safe . 
  that `` german '' guy is a german as my scotch, 
  is the congress republican ? 
  and are there any republicans that actually stood up against trump ? 
  also , look at his cabinet picks . 
  it 's basically the `` let 's get russia some money '' - cabinet . 
  on top of everythingthe other commenters said :  if the us can do it , why ca n't europe ? 
  you do know that the eu consists of 28 different countries , right ? 
  stuff is not easy , stuff is hard . 
  it 's the comparison between the gdp of the us and russia . 
  beginning this january , trump will do his best to get russia some fresh money . 
  he will nurture russia directly . 
  putin played the very long game , he starved his country near exhaustion only to now hold the most powerful position you can imagine . 
  he controls the us president . 
   what about the percents that trump lost because every corporate news media demonized him beyond recognition ? 
  sorry to burst your bubble , that 's what trump did . 
  journalists only reported the shit he said . 
  and then we could use one of those guys in russia and the us , too . 
  _ isis claims responsibility _, 
  yeah that 's also one of the arguments used by russia , that it can be read in two ways . 
  but that is actually irellevant as the first two paragraphs were violated :  respect belarusian , kazakh and ukrainian independence and sovereignty and the existing borders . 
   refrain from the threat or use of force against belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine . 
  the un security council members are the guarantueeing powers of the memorandum and therefore should act . 
  funnily , you should , and the other un security council forces should , too . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances  seek immediate united nations security council action to provide assistance to belarus , kazakhstan and ukraine , `` if belarus/kazakhstan/ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used '' . 
  it 's unbelievable that western democracies let russia get away with that shit . 
  letting ukraine down like that makes sure that no country will ever give up nuclear weapons again . 
  yeah , that 's russian theatre - let lawrow bark and putin appear reasonable . 
  now _ that _ is pathetic . 
   i think there 's more to it , but i have no idea what . 
  internet usage and the much higher exposure to russian disinfo . 
  those kids basically are bombarded permanently by some stupid shit discrediting democracy , liberal western values , trust in instiutions . 
  the president elect says that mccain is a coward and mccain backs him . 
  sounds to me like he indeed _ is _ a coward , i mean the only confirmation that can top this is if mccain himself says it . 
   the man chose to remain a prisoner and to be further tortured in order not to leave his fellow prisoners behind alone . 
  that 's what he did during the _ vietnam war _ . 
  he turned into a spineless coward as seen in 2016 . 
  you know , people change over time . 
  if you do n't think that he 's a spineless coward , well then convince the president elect first and me second . 
  exactly . 
  we should 've banned them from swift in 2014 already and went full-on embargo . 
  we should 've made that country go down to its knees , but now , they will take over our democracies . 
  i trusted and respected him , up until the moment when trump vsciously attacked him and he did - nothing . 
  he did n't live up to his legacy . 
  if you speak german , [ here ] ( https://www.welt.de/vermischtes/article160639609/fuer-anschlaege-mit-lkw-gibt-es-keine-entschaedigung.html ) is an interview with a lawyer about this in this recent case , and [ here ] ( http://www.rbb-online.de/politik/beitrag/2016/12/berlin-anschlagsopfer-erhalten-entschaedigung.html ) is an article about the voluntary compensation . 
  the refugee crisis is going on since 2015 , and crime reports care done quarterly . 
  your link leads nowhere , and where did i say that germany is number 1 ? 
  i said it 's better than any of the visegrad countries . 
  also `` ca n't really compare '' - crime is crime . 
  if germany suddenly was 10 places lower than it scored before , then we can talk about refugees beiung a problem . 
   national suicide lol . 
  i find it funny that even after taking in the major share of refugees , crime in germany is still lower than in the visegrad countries . 
  whatever we 're doing , we 're doing it right and are pretty damn good at it . 
   mccain is a good guy you 're not a good guy if you let a guy like trump do with you what he wants , if you just stay there and take the beating . 
  good guys act , mccain suffered ,, 
  he 's just spurting bullshit , he 's not worth a response . 
  2 months old accounts spurting bullshit vs nato , america or europe ? 
  2chan/4chan kid trolling . 
  trust is _ earned _ , not given . 
  and the current president-elect has done anything he could to get rid of any reason why he deserves to be trusted .
