   if we would export our values it would be a never ending guilt trip lol , the `` guilt trip '' ( which was completely deserved ) is over since quite a while now . 
   because as it stands right now our two biggest parties will not even get a combined majority . 
  this is because of foreign influence . 
  afd gets 6 times the amount of party donations than cdu or spd while getting less votes - it 's obvious that there 's russian money behind them . 
  you can get up to 30 % of votes in a democracy with mere money and effort . 
  yeah , putin at an anniversary of independence ? 
  god this is impertinent . 
   berlin is a victim of being exceptionally bad at managing their own finances . 
  which can in large party be attributed to the fact that the city is simultaneously a federal state . 
  so much redundant bureaucracy ... 
   it would be interesting no , not really . 
  it makes stable coalitions basically impossible and constrains us to spd-cdu , which itself is unstable enough with the csu part . 
  this is n't interesting , it 's horrifying . 
  the german republic had its best days when there were only three to four parties in parliament . 
  [ i remember immediate effect of the vote . 
   mainstream news this is where i stopped rading . 
   did n't remember usa getting any shit for invading countries for their oil or 9/11 . 
  ahh , the russian troll army has arrived . 
  what the perkele did you just perkele about me , you little perkele ? 
  i 'll have you perkele i perkele top of my perkele in the perkele seals , and i 've been perkele in numerous secret perkele on perkele , and i have over 300 confirmed perkele . 
  i am perkele in perkele warfare and i 'm the perkele sniper in the entire perkele forces . 
  you are perkele to me but just another perkele . 
  i will perkele you the perkele out with perkele the likes of which has never been perkele before on this perkele , mark my perkele words . 
  you perkele you can get perkele with saying that perkele to me over the perkele ? 
  perkele again , perkele . 
  as we perkele i am perkele my perkele network of perkele across the usa and your perkele is being perkele right now so you better perkele for the perkele , perkele . 
  the perkele that perkele the pathetic little perkele you call your perkele . 
  you 're fucking perkele , perkele . 
  i can be perkele , anytime , and i can perkele you in over seven hundred perkele , and that 's just with my bare perkele . 
  not only am i extensively perkele in unarmed perkele , but i have access to the entire perkele of the perkele corps and i will use it to its full perkele to wipe your miserable perkele off the perkele of the perkele , you little perkele . 
  if only you could have perkele what unholy perkele your little `` perkele '' comment was about to perkele upon you , maybe you would have perkele your fucking perkele . 
  but you could n't , you perkele , and now you 're perkele the perkele , you perkele perkele . 
  i will perkele perkele all over perkele and you perkele perkele in perkele . 
  you 're perkele perkele , perkele . 
   no - mass media do n't . 
  to decide this , you would have to read western media first . 
  you should stop taking all information from rt or websites with . ru, 
  and do n't forget horst seehofer antagonizing the cdu , calling for stricter immigration laws !, 
  yes , trhat guy was actually already doing this _ twenty years ago _ !, 
  oh , yes , he got his stricter immigration laws , actually all of them . 
  now they are not far enough for him . 
  what a fucking piece of bullshit . 
  we have hundreds of journalists or politicians writing articles defending russia everywhere . 
  we have that bitch gabriele krone-schmalz in germany that gets attention all the time defending every shit russia and putin does . 
  we have sigmar gabriel criticizing nato and what not . 
  we have balanced reports _ everywhere _ . 
  you know who does not have that ? 
  russia and its propaganda shit . 
   western main media rarely writes anything that can be seen as pro-russian . 
  if russia does n't wa n't bad news reported about it , it should stop doing bad stuff . 
  `` western media '' reports objectively on stuff . 
  you know , there are basic characteristics an article should meet to be considered trustworthy like showing several positions on a topic . 
  all reports on the shit done by russia were objective and damn good , and the only shitty thing about them was _ the stuff russia was doing _ . 
  i call bullshit so hard . 
  [ the police even reports on shit like an attempted phone robbery ] ( http://www.presseportal.de/blaulicht/pm/4970/3526515 ) . 
  / r/thathappened just like your `` refugee '' story . 
   you seriously dont think germany has propaganda ? 
  if we do , we do a very shitty job . 
  but germans = efficient , so we got a contradiction there . 
  logical assumption : germans do n't do propaganda . 
   age and loc i will not provide . 
  well the age thing is n't important , but the location is , because i could use this to verify your story checking local news . 
  i 'm still not convinced that an accent alone is enough confirmation that it was a refugee and not a random douche of foreign roots . 
  god i now wish there was . 
  if germany would export its values of democracy as agressive as russia exported its fascism , i would be the happiest guy in the world . 
   what , do n't you watch news ? 
  wow you can really misintepret things if you try . .  i am glad you do n't now anyone affected by terrorism , but some empathy and compassion towards your fellow europeans would be appropriate . 
  showing this often enough , i do n't need emotions when talking about political decisions . 
   berlin is in shock , though most of the media insist on this : `` pretend everything is normal and do n't show emotions '' . 
  clearly everyone is taking precautions . 
  you should stop saying `` clearly everyone '' when clearly not everyone is doing it . 
  funfact ( well , `` fun '' ) : i forgot that i actually witnessed the scene of a terrorist attack . 
  [ the herrhausen attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alfred_herrhausen ) was right in my neighborhood . 
   redditor for three days i 'm fairly skeptical ... where do you live , how old are you ? 
  how did it happen ? 
  and how did you know he was a refugee ? 
   and only one third of pupils showed up at the elementary school . 
  guys , i found out why those nordic states are so good at pisa tests !, 
  it 's just survival of the fittest !, 
  hey um ... so , i was always too shy to ask this question , but now as i stumble into you ... is it true that '' _ perkele _ '' is a curse word in finnish ? 
  because i find that hard to believe , i mean it sounds so _ cute _ !, 
  it sounds like something i would call my girlfriend lovingly ( `` oh perkele , you 're so weet ... '' ) . 
  almost three years of refugee crisis and i did n't even meet one yet , even though i 'm living in frankfurt . 
  crime rate is completely normal . 
  also i did not see any terrorist attack and do not know anyone who was victim of a terrorist attack . 
  in fact , i do n't even know someone who knows someone who was a victim . 
  i agree , i 'm actually fine with keeping things as they are . 
  i mean , we could change some stuff like gay marriage or legalisation of cannabis , but i can live another few years without that if necessary . 
  [ nyet , that 's what they wanted us to think ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo ), 
  god i do n't know why but [ damn look at the second cover ] ( http://flashbak.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ra%c4%8dunari-1992_10_001.jpg ) . 
  she 's the most clothed , but _ dayum _ . 
  it 's not forgotten , it was obscured so hard by propaganda that we do n't care . 
  for every actual report from this war there were 10 russian propaganda pieces that it totally is n't russia doing this and hundreds of conspiracy theories blaming nato/eu/us for the war . 
  everytime you even thought of bringing up the topic you were bombarded by outraged ( dare i say it ) shills that called you a monster and russophobe and what not . 
  every journalist or politican that called russia out on this was flooded with threats and negative emails to intimidate them . 
  ah , the dunning kruger effect in full effect . 
  an hour ago you never heard of a yugoslavian refugee crisis and now you already think you know everything about it . 
  wonderful example . 
   yugoslavia was a secular state , and yugoslavians of any ethnicity were secularists . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztvmib1t4t4 lol , you do n't even know that this were brutal wars against and ethnic cleansing of muslims .
