  yeah that 's what my mom and dad were told in 1996 during the last refugee crisis . 
  it 's been 21 years since then and germany is in the best shape ever . 
  oh my , your worldview is threatened . 
  quick , maybe you can make something up to save it !, 
  [ here 's russia ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/russia-gdp-growth.png?s=rudprqoq&amp;v=201704031440t ) . 
  no numbers known after 2015 but you can directly make out when russia went completely bat-shit insane , foreign policy wise . 
  again the uk ? 
  weird , [ since germany took in most refugees ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015.png ) , it makes you wonder why there is n't a tenfold higher amount of terrorist attacks/plots . 
  well , maybe it 's because refugees are n't a threat ... 
  is n't that because of a rule that gives regions of the world a guaranteed seat , and only saud arabia applied for the seat of its respective region ? 
  merkel is what they loved in thatcher . 
  oh , you conducted a survey ? 
  might share your results and polling methods ? 
  like your attitude , stability of society , amount of corruption in authorities . 
  if someone does n't want to stay at your place then maybe you should reconsider some things ... 
  wait , you are actually complaining about the _ lack _ of refugees ? 
  that 's quite contrary to what i usually hear form visegrad countries . 
  quite philantropic i must say !, 
  the fuck ? 
  i want the biggest , strongest countries to take care of them , not croatia or slovenia . 
  those two countries ca n't live up to this task , not even close . 
  hand made can mean shitty , and even if it does n't , it means time wasted . 
  time wasted translates to lives saved when talking about terrorists . 
   the magazine size restrictions are mostly about sports shooters and collectors . 
  collectors do n't shoot . 
  no need for magazines . 
  sport shooters do n't need high capacity magazines . 
  you can literally never justify why they _ need _ that . 
   not to mention the clear case of slippery slope that is happening here . 
  europe staying a pretty gun free , non-nra continent ? 
  good . 
   certainly not weapons that have ever possibly been legally in possession of civilians . 
  it 's right in the article :  police reported the group bought decommissioned weapons that they then reactivated . 
  the pieces needed for such reactivation were found in the trove . 
  legal guns , decommissioned and reactivated . 
  and then :  alongside the thousands of arms , authorities also discovered material needed to falsify arms documentation and tools required to change the weapons ' identification numbers . 
  legal guns , but stolen and the identification numbers changed . 
   it 's just bullying of sports shooters , hunters and collectors . 
  nothing more . 
  oh , poor bullied sports hunters with 60 + round magazines . 
  ca n't blow up a deer anymore . 
   it 's a fact that even the army and police in europe are the unwilling suppliers of those `` legal '' guns . 
  so legal weapons from army and police become illegal weapons ? 
  huh , it 's almost exactly what i wrote . 
  so on top of this law , we just have to make another one putting extreme vetting and control in place of armies and police . 
  nice . 
  good . 
  on top of the higher chance of malfunctioning , terrorists now have to waste time making their own magazines , and they have to somehow acquire the blueprints - which makes it easy to honeytrap them . 
  good . 
  let 's dry up all channels for stolen/decommissioned weapons and force terrorist to make their own weapons in shitty backally shops . 
  this mean a huge increase in effort , cost and time just to get some shitty , poor quality gun that has a huge chance of malfunctioning . 
   the guns that have been used in all the recent terrorist attacks have never been sold to civilians . 
  but the guns that were seized in police raids which prevented terrorist attacks were . 
  and there were far , far more prevented attacks than attacks that happened . 
  sounds like a good law to me . 
  ah , yes , the black market . 
  where the black market fairy gives birth to guns . 
  guns are made in factories , legally . 
  then they are sold , legally . 
  then they are stolen , decommissioned or whatnot and end up there . 
  less legal weapons = less illegal weapons . 
  easiest calculation ever . 
  also : hurrr dey took errr guns !!, 
  come back to me when someone went bankrupt for not having an ar15 , then we might look at that situation . 
  until then , stop crying , i do n't trust you with a gun anyways . 
  what , less magazine capacity does n't increase time spent with reloading ? 
  now that sounds quite incredible . 
  oh and i still dont know what poor business goes bankrupt because they could n't use over 9000 rounds per magazine . 
  measure that makes it harder to kill people + no normal citizen is affected = good idea !, 
  yeah , self-made magazines . 
  increased chance of malfunctioning . 
  that 's great , i hope they are forced to succumb to shitty , untested stuff like that . 
   just inane magazine capacity restrictions which wo n't do anything to stop crime or terrorism . 
  if a terrorist gets his hands on a weapon i sure hope as hell that the magazine of that weapon holds as little ammunition as possible . 
  less ammo = more time for police to arrive . 
  every illegal weapon was a legal one once . 
  the less legal weapons there are , the less illegal weapons there will be . 
  how many attacks were commited by guns that were originally decommissioned but then returned to shooting capacity ? 
  that guy running amok in munich for example used such a weapon . 
  it was decommissioned , got out of the respective weapon classification , and then was return to former capacity . 
  that should not be legal . 
  russia funds and helps pegida and afd ( also `` die rechte '' ) . 
  [ several people from those movements were plotting terrorist attacks ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-10/rechtsextreme-bamberg-razzia-anschlag ) but luckily prevented from doing so in time . 
  yes . 
  but we would n't interfere in it . 
  you know , because diplomacy . 
  the right wing terrorists setting fire to refugee shelters in germany , while russia finds out right wing . 
  makes it even more outrageous . 
   hurrr nazis ca n't be terrorists shows pretty well who you are . 
  yes . 
  that 's only 10 % difference since any percent one loses , the other gains . 
  10 % is achievable . 
  and here comes the propaganda crowd . 
  just as russia is the source of an influx of money to european nazis and terrorists . 
  well , duh . 
  this election is so close that with two weeks of russian propaganda and hacking , lepen could win . 
  putin wants to make sure that his money creates profit . 
  that 's close enough that two weeks of full blown russian propaganda can make it 51 % for lepen, 
  this is outrageous interference in german diplomacy . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , guess i somehow copied the wrong link .
