  that 's not your first statement , kid . 
  shove a britain flag up your arse , apparently you love it way more than reality . 
  big deal , you made shit up and ca n't even count . 
  and you behave like a salty twelve year old throughout this whole thread . 
  so where exactly are you admitting to have stated absolute and utter bullshit when you said  that 's why there are 8 british universities in the world 's top 50 but only one from the eu . 
  i mean it 's all good that you corrected / u/derloladin after he missed two universities , but you still just pulled your first statement out of your ass . 
  who would have thought that societies annexed and enslaved for 60 years by russians need several decades to regain civilization ? 
  why ? 
  the eu _ was _ soft on britain for its entire membership . 
  britain always had a special deal and always demanded special treatment , which it got solely out of friendliness from the other european countries . 
  when it came to brexit talk , those countries unanimously said that britain would get a hard treatment in negotiations like any other country that wants a trade deal with the eu and that it ca n't rely on any special treatment purely because we share european values . 
  being hard in britain is consistent , it 's fair , and it 's even too nice when taken into account to the years of special treatment . 
  i got legit tears in my eyes right now because this is so awesome, 
  `` orientate towards russia '' . 
  lol , the us has a gdp of ~ 18 trillion $ , russia is on the level of italy with less than 2 trillion $ . 
  they wo n't . 
  they will just brag about how they were russians the whole time and finally won . 
  `` escalates '' ? 
  the eastern office for foreign affairs of the eu , which is fighting russian propaganda , has 11 employees . 
  compare that to the 100k + russian propaganda army . 
  this administration ist simply not credible as it does not show any consistancy in its policy . 
  which means that such a statement ist simply not worth anything until actual actions are taken . 
  but then it is a really strong , unconfirmed rumor - it does n't add anything to the case if it is unverified . 
  if it is only known that their appearance is middle eastern , then the discussion that one of them is armenian and not fleeing a war-torn country is completely void of any factual basis and completely unnecessary . 
  and do you have any credible sources to cite for this ? 
  because just a reddit comment is n't really credible - you could have made that up and i do n't have anythign to determine if you are lying or not . 
  where do you have this information from ? 
   he 's been around to a decade now and putin has been around for even longer , since 18 years now . 
   and vet them so hard for russian money  vet them  vet in case you do n't know what that means : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vetting  vetting is the process of performing a background check on someone before offering them employment , conferring an award , etc. 
  a prospective person or project may be vetted before making a hiring decision . 
  in addition , in intelligence gathering , assets are vetted to determine their usefulness . 
  i am calling for an investigation . 
  as long as i 'm not calling for an execution of them straight away , i wo n't have your criticism . 
  god i remember that . 
  when suddenly those `` police '' guys starting shooting and people advanced against them only with helmets and thin steel plates . 
  when we were outing russian soldiers or omon in ukrainian uniforms , while russian online propaganda called those people with slingshots `` nato funded fascists '' . 
  [ sure , there is nothing those 27 other countries could do against that . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union ) there are n't any vetos , majority , no nothing . 
  just germany . 
  i feel glad that i 'm not the only one thinking this . 
   russia is a real dystopia . 
  keep that in mind . 
  i know , i painfully know . 
  but even with constant propaganda , people know what 's wrong and what is right . 
  this is an intrinsic thing in humans : when it comes to politics , we know exactly when we are being fed a lie , but we chose to believe it . 
  russians know exactly that ukrainians did n't kill and eat babies , that they were n't fascists , that `` gayrope '' does n't exist . 
  but they either shut up , or chose to play along . 
   ussr before the collapse had 100 % approval rating . 
  these numbers do n't mean much . 
  ussr faked these polls , and the putin regime probably does too , i give you that . 
  but you ca n't tell me russians , ordinary russians you meet , do n't love the fact that they are being feared again . 
  * edit * : also , with `` russians live in the same world as i do '' i meant `` a world after ww2 '' . 
  this is the same as germans claiming they `` never knew '' . 
  that they did n't know of the holocaust and all the other stuff . 
  no , they knew , they all knew , they just chose to ignore . 
  just like germans back then , russians know wrong from right , and they are willingly chosing wrong . 
  i fear that the eu will fall , and every country will get a right wing , pro-putin government . 
  europe will look just like during napoleonic times , one country ruling them all . 
  if russia did n't want stalingrad , they should n't have [ sided with nazi germany . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  we germans learned it , apparently , russians did n't . 
  no , sorry . 
  80 % approval rating for putin ? 
  this is not ok . russians live in the same world as i do , they know exactly what happened in germany in the thirties , they know exactly what and who they are supporting and still they are supporting him and his politics . 
  in a world of total war and nuclear weapons , there is no `` oh but _ i _ did n't want to go to war , it was [ politcian i supported ] '' anymore . 
  i disagree . 
  for this flag , more people died than for any other flag in the world . 
  they did n't know this flag yet , but they died for it . 
  this . 
  everytime democracies die like flies , war is imminent . 
   one of the reasons for the creation of eu was to stop war and death and this is why i will never forgive russia for wanting to end this project . 
   germany , the one who is controlling every one in the eu lol, 
  we should grab all right-wing , anti-eu politicians and vet them so hard for russian money . 
  they are all traitors , and we are letting them roam freely . 
  remember the hitler-stalin-pact , dividing europe ? 
  there 's now the trump-putin-pact , dividing the world - europe is russian territory , south american belongs to the us . 
  the american president , who happens to be a republican , is pro russian . 
  this book was written in ** 1996 ** . 
  [ compare the gdp 's of both countries around that time ] ( http://imgur.com/v1lpyan ) . 
  during that time , russia could have targeted china just as the books suggests . 
  today however , the tables have turned _ massively _ . 
  china is now an absolute power , and putin is damn afraid of it . 
  after all , if he attempts to try his online propaganda and hacking brigade to target china , unlike western democracies , china will have none of that shit and hit back immediatly . 
  that 's why he wants trump to start a trade war with china to weaken it . 
  only the us can take on china . 
  russian intervention in syria began in september 2015 and it took them a full year until aleppo fell . 
  currently , [ there is a huge offensive by isis ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/17/islamic-state-deir-ez-zor-syria-world-food-programme ) that overrolled the assad and russian military . 
  this is not even close to what we saw when the us invaded iraq . 
   i have no problem with holding a debate yeah , it totally shows . 
   that old fear of `` state within the state '' is so 1950s and 1960s , it no longer works as a poor excuse to justify a draft system . 
   your argument is invalid because i say so does not sound as if you want an actual debate . 
  you can not imagine how much british comedy is loved here . 
  i wish we would return to general conscription again . 
  not because i want a huge army or something , no , something i only realized fairly late : with general conscription , you have an army consisting in the most part of soldiers from all levels of society . 
  you have smart ones and stupid ones , rich or poor , left or right . 
  you even have soldiers that do n't want to be soldiers . 
  an army like that is ensured to not be a state within a state , and is very unlikely to be used to topple the democratic government . 
  on the contrary , with a professional army , you only have those who are ( too ) eager to shoot and kill , the usual right wing nuts or simply those that are poor or uneducated and have no other choice . 
   imho the only thing that currently keeps them relevant that 's why putin was terrified of that nato missile shield . 
  he always played it down , but he knew that once it was operational , his decade old rockets would n't be a threat anymore .
