fracking is the way out of this dependency but i fear there is little will . 
  we just do n't want to pay for it anymore . 
  also , seems so often i 'm having arguments about how stupid we are to have such a large military , have bases in the eu . 
  if they do n't want us there , we 'll leave . 
   troll account but who cares account for 3 days , ha . 
  you watch to much msm, 
  or really . 
  what a surprise , an arrogant euro blames the states . 
  who does n't ? 
  you guys deserve what every you get . 
  ya , it 's fine . 
  i think we should impose a 400usd visa for you guys . 
  start paying and stop being so arrogant . 
  we should also tariff all your imports like you do to us . 
  hey , you could also pay for your own military . 
  the free ride is over you 're either an ally or an enemy . 
  by the way , you 're our enemy . 
   stop watching fox and reading briebart i do n't watch that junk , but i guarantee you watch msm . 
  i 'm not going to carry on with a partisan fool . 
  you need to realize that two party systems do n't work . 
  in fact they most of the time are the same . 
  just like here in the us people are blinded by us vs them . 
  the problem with people like you is you think anyone without your views '' like obama is a god '' that the other person must be on the other side . 
  i mean like , there 's only two parties right . 
  they use this to control you . 
  wtf did obama do other than bomb people and f the middle east up , just like bush . 
   trump has told a much larger percentage of stop watching msm . 
  miss speaking and intentionally lying to the american public with the intent of deceiving them like bush and obama is different . 
   because trump and other president totally havent done this either what are you talking about ? 
  he 's a well-known non-interventionist . 
  that 's why libertarians like him . 
  as opposed to hillary/obama/mccain / bush who freaking love war . 
  why do you think we are dumping military protection of europe ? 
   obama has done is managed to push back isis influence he funded and armed isis . 
  he is the reason isis even exists . 
  that shit is n't even disputed . 
  i mean if you watch msnbc it is but 90 % of us generals put the blame with obama . 
  + anyone with a brain that does n't just get their info from facebook knows . 
   incorrect view of australian politics . 
  oh , and you are doing just fantastic on us politics . 
  you literally sound like a drone . 
  you aussies literally are always trashing on us politics and when someone who has lived there and has many many friends down there , you 're like stop talking about us . 
  have fun with sino relations , those boys have been playing whack-a-mole for years now and when they take a hit you take a hit . 
  noone said anything when obama did it , he misspoke all the time , not only that he directly lied to people to push his agenda . 
  he said you have to lie to the because they are dumb . 
  but he 's ok ? 
  because he 's on our side ? 
  i mean if you like starting wars and bombing civilians . 
  you guys lost your mind on that deathcamp stuff . 
  you made is seem like we did something wrong . 
  trump even took them in and you still gave him shit . 
  what as joke . 
  everything is fine , muslims are a minority so they 'll probably will be liberals in time . 
  come on , try to keep up . 
  he was referring to a news article from the night before , about sweden . 
  also , you do know how racist australia is right ? 
  you guys gave us shit for not wanting to take immigrants who are trapped in your version of guantanamo bay ? 
  oh , sorry guys , how long have you guys kept them in a death camp , five years , our bad . 
  ya ok i 'm sure you were out there, 
   middle of an ocean fucking china , it 's called the south china sea . 
  [ countries with bases ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_with_overseas_military_bases ) we also need to get that german base out of the us . 
   pay for your own military sorry but , your military could be walked over in a week . 
  you need an eu-wide military . 
  right now it 's a joke . 
  just to help load ammo for us infantry . 
  excluding france a little . 
   which is why every single country in the eu is now in economic growth 2008 till now average eu economic growth is .3 % , population growth is .06 % excluding migrants , which fuck . 
  your ppp gdp is only 2/3 that of the us . 
  every year the eu is sub 1.3 % you are shrinking . 
  this only matters if you want to be the united states of europe . 
  well , you clearly have no idea how modern warfare is conducted . 
  also , how much do your economies benefit by having those bases over there . 
  it seems like the only policy the eu can get together on is losing money . 
  hey , here 's a good idea . 
  pay for your own military, 
  hopefully asap , you 're welcome for the airlifted food . 
   the eu will be fine the eu will not be fine with brexit , wilders as the frontrunner in nl , and frexit , oh but what will italy do . 
  not to mention the fact that greece has been put in a [ depression ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/greeces-depression-worse-great-depression-2015-5 ) and ecb loans are coming up . 
  so what 's left ? 
  germany ? 
  well considering the germans have n't even been able to normalize economic standards from west to east , within german , i doubt they will with eastern europe . 
  the euro has also crashed in regards to the percentage of currency use in international trade due to its instability and the debt load of states . 
  you never came out of the financial crisis and the reason for austerity is , you do n't have any money . 
  the best bet out now is shorting the euro to fall under 1.05 , then we will see a drop to sub parity . 
  the us , on the other hand , is doing great and when the proverbial s hits the fan , who do you think will be there to buy up all the best assets . 
  f europe , we are the only thing that has kept you safe . 
  we are also the reason you are n't currently dominated by the soviet union , so you 're welcome . 
  the united states bled the soviets dry through proxy wars , the nuclear arms race and halting their expansion . 
  your human chain would n't have stopped anything if the ussr was winning . 
  nato is in your best interest so , what you 're really saying is that you want us to protect you and be able to do nothing but sit over there and talk shit about us . 
  the us-europe relationship is falling apart , and we will see if the eu follows suit . 
  just being arrogant does n't mean your right . 
  you lost them to join nato in order to get our protection . 
  you started the process in 2001 . oh , i wonder why you sent them ? 
  so ya , if you want to be in , you have to pay to play . 
  we lost 3000 civilians in an attack by a foreign government . 
  we did n't even ask you to go , it was the brits who invoked article 5 . 
  well , when the russians come knocking , maybe we should only send 1,880 soldiers , and really just keep them behind you like you did with us . 
  you did go to iraq with a massive force of 350 . 
  do n't you have massive corruption problems to worry about right now ?
