  you should be out on the street fighting you corrupt government , not on reddit . 
  well , hopefully , a group supported by a foreign government does n't kill 3,000 of your civilians . 
  how can someone be so stupid ? 
  you clearly have no idea what nato is and how it works . 
  with the way you guys talk about us . 
  you 're on your own . 
  you lost 23 in 15 years . 
  go for it . 
  euros always want someone else to pay . 
  it 's a race to be the laziest bums on the planet . 
  also , the most arrogant . 
  the only thing the chinese will be doing is buying every asset you have next year . 
  the difference between the us and china is that if they saved your ass in ww2 they would have stayed forever . 
  so your welcome from my grandfather . 
  http://www.deptofnumbers.com/gdp/nebraska/ those guys are doing great !, 
  cheap to live and they only make 4,000 bucks less than californians . 
  but the great part is cost of living . 
  600,000 home [ california ] ( http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/1511-plantation-way-el-cajon-ca-92019/17054898_zpid/ ) 600,000 home [ nebraska ] ( http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/6100-pine-knot-dr-denton-ne-68339/51474309_zpid/ ) you can go out and get a nice steak for 10 bucks !, 
  in the end it 's how much you keep in your pocket . 
  i can just afford to pay for it . 
  i would n't want that anyways . 
  i have doc and great insurance , oh , and i can get knee surgery tomorrow . 
  the eu 's ppp is 37,000 ours is 57,000 . 
  for every year our `` peasants '' works you have to work 1.5 years . 
  the euro will fail if you do n't redistribute your wealth and effect a unified tax and spend system . 
  however , i do n't think the west will be down with giving the east 50 % of its $ $ $ . 
  oh ya , you could also be adults and pay for your own military . 
  with the uk gone you have really just the french . 
  will you have such great health care if you now have to pay for an eu army ? 
  the euro is down due to insecurity . 
  if you do n't want to be fake newsed look at how the money flows . 
  oil up , high rates of lending = dollar down . 
  but now we 're the only safe play and free oil . 
  the use of the euro in cross-border transaction is down 33 % 08, 
  ppp, 
  this is about us , re re . 
  have fun with la pen . 
  just ripping us off . 
  oh , do you have to get a job ? 
  and nazis . 
  why do n't you just mind your own biz . 
  you euros are always talking about us butting into your politics but are all to quick to jump on ours . 
  you guys have plenty to worry about currently . 
  just piss off . 
  real nice . 
  why do n't you move ? 
  the eu is failing . 
  la pen will be the final nail . 
  your a tool . 
  stop watching fake news, 
  well said, 
   sorry you 've had a rough go . 
  live over there for a year or two and you 'll be just like me . 
  i just do n't give them the credit of being an ally . 
  they 're not . 
   did you have some bad experiences you just get sick of their constant bullshit . 
  they say we 're a bad tourist , but my god they are the most self-righteous sob out there . 
  it 's like the old saying `` if you can convince the lowest white man he 's better than the best colored man , he wo n't notice you 're picking his pocket '' . 
  they play the same shit with us . 
  you ca n't generalize people as a rule but fuck it . 
  i do like most eastern europeans , just do n't like most of the west . 
   more pro-science . 
  not break up as much as fail . 
  it a false equivalency . 
  with friends like these , who needs enemies ? 
  oh , come on . 
  you must realize how anti-us the mainland is right . 
  not our ally, 
  most basically do , so . 
  south america destroys itself with corruption and nepotism . 
  they just point their finger to avoid the fact that they are 99 % of their own problem . 
  you ca n't even start a business south of the us border without having to bribe a million gov workers . 
  they also do n't pay their bills . 
  you ca n't trust them to pay for things they bought . 
  chile is ok, 
  hope we can get a deal done quick . 
  most res of the eu make it clear what they think about american citizens . 
  hope to god the eu breaks up . 
  we 'll put them in the back of the line . 
  youth unemployment rate is really bad as well . 
  bmw is a shit car for the price . 
  also , sucks that they basically represent everything people hate in the [ states . 
  ] ( https://thedirty.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/dirty_php141d1m.jpg ), 
  i do n't think you could do it on your own . 
  i hope to god you 're joking . 
  if not you are just a fucking moron . 
  hey kid , or mentally challenged adult , get over yourself . 
  you 're projecting . 
  well , why do n't you guys f off . 
  people a sick of your shit . 
  piss off get a job , also face the fact that the majority of eurotrash are lazy and dimwitted . 
  have a nice day . 
  i 'm pointing out the child like actions of the american left . 
  ideology over reality . 
  you can only lie to someone so long . 
  it 's clear to everyone what the media is doing . 
  only the south, 
  democrats are the group who put in jim crow laws . 
  think about it . 
  have the dems really ever done anything big for african americans in the last 20years ?
