` germany : killed jews ' and you helped , you douchebags !, 
  you are insufferable and i will not further respond because everything you do is argumentum ad hominem . 
   yes , because your help is killing them . 
  literally . 
  countless innocent people die everyday there . 
  and you do not even hear them or do not want to hear when news report about it . 
  you just ignore it as another `` casualty in our holy war '' . 
  just like isis does . 
  you are the same . 
  this is what you are arguing for . 
  and that 's why you are a moron war monger . 
  this is by the way the exact same problem i saw in my initial post . 
  it 's difficult to distinguish between is and civilists in normal circumstances . 
  which is why we should limit ourselves to protecting the people terrorized by the is , in the towns under is reign , where the situation is more black and white . 
  and never , ever call me the same as is again . 
  what the fuck ? 
  is-members . 
  it 's only about * motherfucking * *** is-members *** , not about muslims or ` brown people ' , as * you * called them . 
  is is executing hundreds of innocent persons each day , just to send a message . 
  and i would want to stop them . 
  so no , i do not think they are humans . 
  or atleast they do n't deserve the normal protection through the geneva conventions as other people do . 
  there are literally reports of is - ` troops ' storming into a village , killing every man and raping the women . 
  these people live in terror and never know if they will survive until the next day . 
  and you 're saying we should n't help these people because it goes against some sort of principle ? 
  you 're naive . 
  also , no need to be so angry . 
  edit : to clarify my intent : i would support the protection of the people living under is-rule . 
  i understand that ` liberation ' sounds a bit nationalistic , so please disregard that . 
  but the is kills innocent muslims , who do n't want to fight anyone ever as well . 
  i do n't know . 
  the problem with is ( is ) is that * everyone * could be a part of them . 
  they are the prime example of guerilla-warfare and it 's difficult to fight against that . 
  i would , however , support liberating the towns they conquered in the middle-east , to protect the people living under the is reign , because it should be relatively clear who is a member of is in that case . 
  can confirm that ` the nordics ' speak the best english . 
  they are so far ahead of the usual german my age . 
  consuming tv shows games in english is the best thing that ever happened to me regarding my knowledge of english . 
  i am far ahead of most people my age here and all it took was a little outrage over the poor , poor german dub haha . 
  2014 for 19 billion usd . 
  infallible logic . 
  pretty sure you could have found some crazy parties in nazi germany as well . 
  does n't make the country fun . 
  i 'd really rather not . 
  got ta say , for a terrorist attack in a shopping mall with rifles , 8 dead and 10 injured is not so bad , although still terrible . 
  just saying that this could have gone much , * much * worse . 
  well , i did n't want to make it sound like * all * immigrants are like that . 
  quite a few are exactly like you . 
  thanks for the pleasant conversation , 
  this has nothing to do with ataturks turkey in any way though . 
  it 's about the phenomenon of immigrants emulating and glorifying the culture of their once home-country . 
  it is typical immigrant behaviour and not exclusive to turkish immigrants . 
  that sounds dangerous as fuck . 
  please stay safe . 
  and they still have to fight anti-enlightement today . 
  not at all , no . 
  just inside of turkey , you 're pretty much safe outside of turkey , especially if you are n't a turkish citizen . 
  is it though ? 
  in my experience , turks living outside of turkey often feel a stronger ` pull ' towards their country than turks actually living there . 
  i like you . 
  like , it actually is . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  what he is saying is exactly right . 
  pure democracy is bound to fail . 
  yeah . 
  unbelievable . 
  lol, 
  pretty much neutral i 'd say , yeah . 
  eh , it does n't stop at 1945 , it just focuses heavily on germany after wwii and then germanys role as a. . . center of sorts in the cold war . 
  if i 'm being honest , i have no idea . 
  the jews today is not really a topic included in the education about wwii . 
  what in the world is this ? 
  turkey is like a crying child right now . 
  and not a nice child , but one who screams at their parents because they bought a black instead of a white iphone 6 . 
   she seemed a little pissed off about it though , if i 'm being honest . 
  that is because there is no line in german culture between patriotism and nationalism anymore . 
  we are literally not being allowed to be proud of our country , otherwise we are labeled as ` nazis ' really fucking fast . 
  i personally do n't care about that , but it 's just something other countries can celebrate to the fullest ( think 4th of july in the us ) , which we can not . 
  i can see why some germans are annoyed by that . 
  also , foreigners * still * calling us nazis gets old really fucking fast . 
  * later this week *  breaking : former hungarian secret agent found dead in his apartment . 
  sure , mate . 
  lol , germany is untrustworthy ? 
  why is that ? 
  probably . 
  i do n't think the difference is as crazy in european countries though . 
  there are also things that are completely normal for us , like universal healthcare , that the us does n't have . 
  not going to a hospital while you 're literally dying because you 're afraid you ca n't afford it is pretty crazy for us . 
  it 's still illegal , but not nearly as heavily enforced as in america . 
  true . 
  how much freedom is too much though . 
  i think america is a pretty interesting case . 
  it 's not as densely populated as europe , so there are more remote places in the us than in europe . 
  and i think it 's undebatable that there are a lot of shitholes in rural america that are n't all that different to a third world country . 
  but there are also a shitton of cities and suburbs where the real development you mentioned comes from . 
  so , in a sense , america is both . 
   people do n't have to suffer as bad anymore . 
  _ fucking liberal retards , amiright ? _, 
  you ca n't be serious ... 
  well , that 's pretty stupid . 
  man , trump 's totally gon na blow all foreign relations .
