  his stance on other countries is really stupid . 
  weakening other countries that you are partners with weakens your country as well . 
  but , but germans are all being massacred by refugees right now !, 
  this ca n't be right !, 
  to add to what others said , shooting a gun repeatedly would have drawn a lot of attention to him , which he obviously did n't want . 
  this shit is so funny, 
  as a german that divided germany confused me at first . 
  hahaha , yeah , sure , why not ? 
  german beer cures everything , including deep societal rifts . 
  i 'd argue that free-speech has limits for the good of society . 
   the mis-interpretation by the listener is not the fault of the author . 
  yes , a tourist not researching the laws of the country he 's in is the country 's fault !, 
   and even if he was pledging his allegiance to a dead guy and his ideology : that 's his right . 
  or should be . 
  freedom of expression should be a right . 
  you do n't censor ideas you do n't like . 
  you do n't burn books . 
  you let them express themselves and you move on . 
  well , the german government does . 
  and it 's much less prone to radical ideas like the american government , so it 's less of a slippery slope . 
  _ yawns _, 
  no , we ban nazism because it 's dangerous as fuck . 
  also...left-wing terrorism is n't okay either and neither is islamist terrorism . 
  and putting socialism and christianity on the same level as them is pretty fucking dishonest . 
  socialism is not the devil . 
  i mean , it 's not a very punishing law ( especially for foreigners ) , but still enforced . 
  well , the nazi salute is seen as a direct pledge of allegiance to hitler and his ideology in germany . 
  probably should n't come to germany if you do n't know that . 
  this is n't / pol / . 
  ... banning nazis is fascist ? 
  sure , that makes sense . 
   those that beat him up are being applauded actually , they are being sought by police for causing bodily harm . 
  it 's not a ` roman salute ' . 
  it 's the nazi salute and it is seen as a pledge of allegiance to hitler 's ideology in germany . 
  if you do n't know that , do n't come to germany . 
  this is associated press . 
  probably one of the most reliable news companies out there, 
  he 's being sought . 
  eh , the american will probably ( most likely ) get away with a medium fine or something . 
  chinese tourists are fairly notorious for being dirty ( literally ) and without manners . 
  pretty liberal part of the city . 
  very liberal part of the city . 
  yeah . 
  lots of double-posts as well . 
  and they all say the same thing . 
  pretty normal if you go clubbing in germany . 
   getting beaten up while drunk at 8:15 a.m. 
  being still drunk at 8.15 am is totally normal if you went clubbing in germany . 
   so , if somebody breaks the law in germany , it 's ok to physically attack them instead of calling for the police ? 
  nope , it 's not . 
  assailant is being charged with assault . 
  ... the guy is being charged with assault . 
  stop getting your panties in a bunch . 
   whoever assaulted him should have the proper punishment levied against them , to show the law applies across all spectrums and good people are above vigilante justice . 
  probably why the assailant is being charged with assault . 
   we might need your help getting rid of this shit this time how would we be able to help ? 
  well , the assailant was caught and is being charged . 
  he was caught immediately and is facing charges for minor injuries . 
  that 's absolutely true . 
  be gone , devil !, 
   94 % damn . 
   hang too soon, 
  that 's a lot . 
  lol . 
  what do you think about thrice as many people getting murdered in chicago annually as in the whole of germany ? 
  what do you think about your cops killing more people in a year than ours do in a hundred years ? 
  and yes , you have more people , but only about 3 times as many  you have more problems with your own than we do with completely foreign people . 
  oh just fuck off , mate, 
  your country are belong to me, 
  yes, 
  the mutual defense clause of the eu and of the nato . 
  aaaaand i just had a heart-attack . 
  it 's like she does n't want to get re-elected . 
  fuck you , spain lol no offense , obviously, 
  lol . 
  i was n't condescending at all . 
  you ca n't just say ` likewise ' . 
  do n't be a condescending ass . 
  disagreed . 
  why portugal ? 
  fucking critics and their elitist views , i bet . 
  i 've been closely following us politics for a year now and man , your system is fucking insanely complex . 
  / pol / is so salty right now . 
  you doubt it ? 
  you can be absolutely certain that they do n't know anything about the eu . 
  yeah , fucking democrats even asked the fbi to investigate the election for a year ... oh wait, 
  of course it was . 
  they just ca n't imagine them not winning -, 
  it ` sbeen proven that those bots/people exist , so ... 
  http://boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/124483690 http://boards.4chan.org/pol/thread/124503132, 
  you can be strong and independent and still an idiot . 
  man , / pol / is fucking imploding right now . 
  i love it . 
   lots of alt-right these days i heard . 
  more like straight up kkk these days . 
  well , that and the idea that your values are inherently better than that of other cultures/countries and that it 's in your right to force your values on others . 
  actually , nationalism is already cancer . 
  the non-cancerous version is patriotism . 
  actually , they are n't allowed to report anything about the election in the last 48 hours before the vote . 
  globalism is not something to be saved from .
