jimmy carr tweeted yesterday in response to being brought up again in a tax situation , saying `` whenever the prime minister mentions me in parliament why is it always about tax ? 
  he never mentions the ` best of tour ' or netflix special ? '', 
   i really do n't know why people worry about terrorists getting into nuclear plants . 
  you seen the intro to the simpsons ? 
  i feel that is where most people are basing their knowledge . 
  you really wanting to have that on your history ? 
  when god created scotland , he looked down on it with great joy . 
  unable to contain his pride for his newest creation , he summoned all of his archangels to show them . 
  ` look here , '' said god . 
  `` this is the best and most beautiful country yet . 
  picturesque mountains , beautiful scenery , brave men , honest and stunning women and a biting and refreshing temperature . '', 
  `` and look , '' he said , producing a bottle of amber coloured liquid from behind his back , `` i 've given them a special drink called whisky . 
  try some . '', 
  the angels each in turn took an appreciative sip . 
  `` excellent , '' one of them said `` but have n't you perhaps been too kind to them ? 
  wo n't they be spoiled by all these things ? 
  should there not be some drawback ? '', 
  god , with a small chuckle shook his head . 
  `` just wait until you see the neighbours i 'm giving them ! '', 
  did you not hear , may worked out what brexit means . 
  apparently it means brexit . 
  it does seem to be the only thing may knows so far though , other than how unimportant the environment is and where she 's hidden the plans to the death star, 
  dear hungary have a snickers , love scotland, 
  i would have been hopeful for this type of thing at first , but with the pm leaving , and not a single politician saying it is a possibility , i 'm not so sure . 
  it 's the most sensible thing to do to protect the uk , as sooner or later scotland is going to get its second referendum now the game has changed so much , so unless the uk stays , it is going to get broken up . 
  have you seen on / r/scotland the ideas for a celtic union , ie r.o.ireland , n.ireland and scotland united . 
  could nickname it the alky union, 
   a bigger deal than it is . 
  we now have to join the bitch queues at airports . 
  properly devistated, 
   i ca n't even bring myself to pick up a free newspaper anymore . 
  if you are referring to the metro , that is actually run by the same cunts who run the dm, 
   no one tested how teslas will work after 20 years i feel this is 90 % of the reason they are top 3 . 
  they are so new very few people have one , and most cars do n't break in the first few years of their lives, 
  is it just me , or is the politics in ni kind of fucked ? 
  you seem to have 2 major parties , 1 unionist and 1 nationalist , and you pretty much have the two as challengers , as voting outwith would increase the unionist/nationalist party , which could bring ni back into the shitstorm of a few decades back , which surely makes it hard for anyone to get much real policy done ? 
  also / r/celticunion if you are n't all that cool with all this tory shite, 
   belief in god in europe proving the colder and wetter it is , the less likely we think a god would put us through such suffereing, 
  has that become the national chant of france yet or is that only going to change if another big war happens ? 
  whilst i agree in general , i would think that the rare collectors wines would be starting at a much higher price , so even though 480 euros is a fair bit , i would expect it to still somewhere near the top of the line where price follows quality, 
  try scotland . 
  we have shitty weather and hills . 
  i 'm not sure how we do it , but 90 % of the time i am in a headwind, 
  and macaroni cheese . 
  they fucking love british foods, 
  thanks, 
  every pint glass i own is borrowed . 
  you realise that it was n't just america who have had a big surge in smaller craft breweries and interesting beers right ? 
  yes , your choice of beer has probably grown quite a bit , but that has been mirrored here in the uk , with every shop ( including shitty corner shops ) having a huge range of different styles and tastes . 
  you ca n't go claiming that it has jumped ahead just because you like your local beers more than you did a decade back, 
  i despise the bitch , but i have to say she has done fairly well in covering her tracks . 
  yes , it is her partys fault we are taking an incredibly risky move on our own , as they wanted to keep a few more seats each election from ukip . 
  yes , they have possibly torn up the uk and made a sizable chunk of it want to leave . 
  but for some reason they have n't been damaged by it what so ever . 
  it really is pretty scary, 
  i do n't know , i have voted lib dem/labour in the last few elections , but this time round i am probabably voting snp to get out of this shit-show . 
  i 'm so done with all the evil shit the tories are pushing through that seems to go completely unreported in the news . 
  unless there is a party that could beat may and take control , i think we will be stuck with may for a few years , and i do n't want my country going back to the 1920s when we might have the chance to get out and become a proper modern country, 
  but what good will a functional opposition be when may can go all power trip over the will of the people bullshit all over again . 
  seeing as the media has been constantly repeating the whole `` corbyn is unelectable '' vibe for the last 12 months , people have started to believe it . 
  what labour need is to bring out a new leader , who has n't had a chance for the media to slate them every day, 
  i tried one when i was on holiday to iceland , and it was pretty awesome . 
  not a huge amount of meat , but it turns out eyeballs are delicious . 
  nothing like what i would have expected, 
  are you just really jealous that we get an extra 68ml in every glass of beer , because that is undrstandable, 
  but can you spot a scotsman ? 
   i was certain an old grumpy couple were finnish but they turned out to be danish , which was a suprise to me as danes abroad are usually quite social . 
  is it possible the reason they were unsocial was they were having a conversation and you jumped in and asked `` are you quite finnish ? '', 
  that was a really bad joke, 
  you should try being british ... as a side note , every dutch person i met has been lovely . 
  but as a brit i was pretty wasted when i met them . 
  yes . 
  but you stare at the face of the driver you are walking in front of , just to make sure they are n't looking at their phone or doing make-up or some other dumb bs . 
  also after checking far ahead to check that the car wo n't be moving any time soon . 
  i 've been doing this my whole life , so , like op , it seems kind of strange to not do so, 
  what a lot of people have are little pound shaped metal tokens , that have a hole in them so they can be attached to your keys , like [ this ] ( http://www.keyringstore.com/214-375-thickbox_default/trolley-coin-keyring-union-jack-gb-british-flag.jpg ) it saves having a quid on you when you shop, 
   never seen a bagger in europe , the mere idea seems very weird to me . 
  i have to walk a fair distance home , so i am sure a bagger would thoroughly piss me off . 
  i need all my heavy things in my backpack , and then if it all fits in 1 bag i need it packed pretty well , or if not i want both bags fairly balanced to save me from switching hands all the way home . 
  i do n't know how the us people deal with people bagging for them, 
  the supermarket i go to recently got rid of the coin system . 
  everywhere . 
  it was such a stupid call, 
  iirc asda stopped because things were getting a bit to chaotic, 
  my oven and hobs in my new flat are made by a company called smeg . 
  it makes me smile every single day, 
  did you know edam is made backwards ? 
  it 's a lot more silly than that . 
  it 's set in a future use where it was decreed that being incompetent in your job is no reason to be fired , so every job is done by someone who is pretty much retarded . 
  it follows a spy looking for a murderer in this mad world . 
  to be fair , 55 % of scotland recently voted to stay in the uk . 
  a reasonable chunk of us voted that way as we could n't trust the promise that we would be able to be eu citizens if we left , then very soon after that that promise is binned and we have to vote once more for europe , of which we are out-voted by england and wales . 
  i mean , surely you can see why some of us are pissed . 
  also , to fact check , actually 38 % of the people who voted voted leave, 
  ( / r/celticunion if you 're interested ), 
  technically it is n't undemocratic to force us out , but as a scot i voted remain in the uk as it seemed the only way to make sure we would stay in europe . 
  it was pretty shocking that as soon as that was over the fucking tories announced they would hold the referendum to make sure they do n't loose more of the electorate to the cunts ukip , and as a result throw my whole reason for being part of the uk into the bin . 
  it was a horribly executed vote grab , which backfired on the fuckers as much as it should of . 
  the lying bastards, 
  how high % are they ?
