  i got 15 years old diesel octavia . 
  they have been good to me . 
  i could go to concerts i liked and antifa with gnwp would be a safeguard from nazis and hooligans . 
  true , it 's been 98 years since the last time we invaded poland ... 
  it depends . 
  in czechia it 's quite common that guys in the summer go shirtless in public . 
  in croatia you can be fined for that and people usually do n't like it . 
  i think i have seen topless women in public beaches here but it 's not that common . 
  people from the `` think of the children '' crowd may be a bit offended . 
  even call cops sometimes , but i doubt they would do anything . 
  i live in city-owned apartement in the historical centre of ostrava with my gf and pay a loan for my third-hand cheap-ass car . 
  the nineties were terrible to balkans . 
  i really hope all of the peoples will live in peace ... 
  you ** do ** see the percentages , right ? 
  that 's rich . 
  i know a guy and as a result i have the most glorious apple samohonka at home . 
  50 % vol . 
  with pieces of dried apples floating inside . 
  i think it would hold up well against regular spirits sold in stores . 
  that being said i 'd strongly discourage anyone from buying unmarked alcohol from strangers , people have died because of badly distilled spirits . 
  but it 's dope name for a punk band . 
  you gave me a good laugh , thank you !, 
  so , to answer the rest of the questions - the best leader would probably be tom\u00e1\u0161 garrigue masaryk , first czechoslovak president . 
  managed to keep quite strong democracy during interbellum and symbolises the right values of freedom and democracy . 
  the worst for me would be quite easy - klement gottwald . 
  iron-clad stalinist . 
  lot of political executions , war veterans being sentenced to lifetime in labour camps just for fighting in the wrong allied army and so on . 
  that is right . 
  nice list !, 
  there is odchody sounds more slovak , czech word for departures is odjezdy or odlety . 
  there is `` odchod ( n ) '' meaning `` departure by walking '' but that is used very seldomly . 
  but offcourse we have `` podchody '' ( underpasses ), 
  there are some small instance but nothing prevalent . 
  we mostly go to the woods to pick berries and mushrooms . 
  i have one coworker that claims to be one but who knows . 
  but apart from him honestly i have no way of knowing nor do i care . 
  i work 1.5 km from my flat which is usually 15-20 min walk . 
  or 15 min walk + tram ride if i 'm feeling lazy . 
  edit : or 5 minutes by car + 25 minutes of finding a parking space . 
  most of my coworkers would fit into 5-10 km commute , mainly by tram or carpool with their so . 
  there is around 5 % of people commuting 20 + km exclusively by car . 
  well i understand slovak completely and probably can fluently form sentences with some mistakes . 
  i think i can understand ~ 75 % of southern polish and silesian and hold some rudimentary conversations . 
  other slavic languages are worse . 
  i understand some basic sentences of sorbian , slovenian , croatian and serbian and catch few words in bulgarian , ukrainian and russian . 
  i can understand some dutch thanks to my english and very rudimentary german skills . 
  again , each country is tied by its own international agreements and its own internal policies and therefore may have different criteria on who is refugee and who is immigrant . 
  so personally for me this is why the quotas should n't be implemented with disregard of each receptive countries internal processes . 
  but i hear the rest of your arguments and must agree with those . 
  you definitely raise a valid point that it 's a huge political smokescreen in our case masking our politicians ' affairs . 
  personally i 'd rather have czechia to fulfill the refugee quota if it would mean for our former finance minister to be investigated for fraudulent use of eu funds , abuse of authority , conflict of interests and tax evasion . 
  but what can you do , this douche still has extremely high approval ratings . 
  definetely agree . 
  but what i understand is requested from us is to skip our legal proceedings in determination of each person 's refugee status validity , which is in direct oposition of unhcr basic refugee resolution . 
  mind you i am not anti-refugee as is most of my country but from my very basic understanding of international law the quotas just rub me the wrong way . 
  we have immigration laws . 
  quotas force us to break them . 
  this should n't be . 
  polish is actually taught as primary language in a couple of schools in the z\u00e1ol\u017e\u00ed region . 
  if it would mean moving the people too then i 'd say longyearbyen . 
  holy fuck . 
  i want to taste it and i hate myself for it . 
  i have been clicking couple of links there and i have to ask - is the websites 's only purpose reporting every instance of map or a shape that resembles greater macedonia ? 
  still , so what ? 
  hungarians do similar shit all the time , showing big maps and shit . 
  they 're all dead . 
  i was thinking about replying gypsies too before i found your answer ; they are alien indeed but imagine : they are people without home , nomadic for entirety of their history , which has to be a terrible burden by itself but we forcefully settled them , taking the last thing they had going for them . 
  they are people foreign to the place they are in , governed by others and with traditions and social context mauled by the new situation beyond recognition . 
  constantly reminded they are foreign . 
  the only thing they have is their community . 
  it must be a crushing situation , one that being good to the outside world is seen as weakness and a sign of collaboration . 
  when you are gypsy , everyone that is not is an enemy . 
  it 's stupid . 
  i get the greek side of the argument but i think they are putting too much effort into this shit . 
  also i get macedonia 's side . 
  imagine being born into a place your parents call macedonia and calling you a macedonian when suddenly some foreign guy start telling you that you can not just because they have the same name for one of their own regions . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  we too have a wallachia region in czechia and no one from romania is losing their shit . 
  it 's called that because peoples who call themselves walachs live there . 
  are they from romania 's wallachia ? 
  maybe . 
  who gives a fuck . 
  oh , most of our food is like that !, 
  some of my favorite examples are : vep\u0159o knedlo zelo - pork baked on sauerkraut with a side of czech dumplings : http://i.imgur.com/hkzw5my.jpg st\u0159apa\u010dky - potato dumplings with sauerkraut and smoked bacon : http://i.imgur.com/vcqical.jpg also who would forget \u0161pen\u00e1t s vaj\u00ed\u010dkem - spinach pur\u00e9e with hard boiled eggs and potatoes : http://i.imgur.com/1bsnjda.jpg, 
  it sounds awfully lot like tvarohove rezance , ( tvaroh being quark , most commonly subsidized by cottage cheese in the west ) but i have n't heard of frying the noodles , but grandmas tend to have old custom recipes . 
  also , some grandmas tend to call halu\u0161ky everything that is made from dough and is boiled . 
  but also from wikipedia : in the united states , most adapted halusky recipes call for egg noodles rather than potato dumplings . 
  that would be once they start stacking on top of one another i guess :-), 
  dude , do you realise you are being impossible ? 
  duude , i work for major it company and today i 've spent 11 hours at work and next week i 'm working tuesday-friday . 
  christmas and new year 's are just a more expensive weekends this year . 
  what holidays ? 
  northern bohemia , southern prague and everything east of uh\u0159\u00edn\u011bves . 
  everything low income lives in sweatpants or tracksuits there . 
  where the fuck do you live ? 
  he smiled a lot . 
  i tried to avoid staring and almost hit a lamppost . 
  i have seen a black guy in the summer , so there 's that . 
  also the most common car you can see everywhere is 1st gen \u0160koda octavia - http://i.imgur.com/emoolxx.gif they are everywhere, 
  to add more weirdness : today women can choose whether to use the feminine form or keep the masculine , but still names of foreigners are declined .
