  you must be blast at parties . 
  do n't know about poland but our towns are quite clean . 
  not germany-grade clean , but clean enough . 
  well i 'm highly skeptical about what really happened or whether it happened at all . 
   `` wait some years and you will be our slaves ! '', 
  four police cars had to intervene . 
  are you seriously quoting blesk ? 
  czechoslovakia did share border with the ussr . 
  i firmly believe that no-one in any governmental agency would give a shit . 
  on the other hand the shitstorm in tabloid media would be gorgeous !, 
  yeah , but since when it 's okay to `` discourage distribution '' of a film just because it 's extremely bad/factically wrong ? 
  am i the only one who finds his eyes in this photo extremely disturbing ? 
  just to see who would get butthurt first ... 
  it really depends on the legislation . 
  civil union institution allows for separate laws and treatment from marriage . 
  think adoptions and various family-oriented benefits . 
  so it could ( and does ) lead to unequal treatment of unionized vs. married couples by state . 
  we do n't have any special school buses , kids go to school by public transportation , with parents or walk . 
  mind you that thanks to our population density most elementary schools are really within walking distance from your home . 
  secondary schools are quite worse , but still , we have pretty neat transportation system ( i lived across town ( pop 300k ) from my hs and it took me longer to get to school by tram than my my friend who commuted from another town by train . 
  anecdotically i passed 5 different hs during my morning commute . 
  is there any way to share that list ? 
  thanks !, 
  right ? 
  living in a city near polish border with major party culture - the polish dresy folk . 
  rude , stabby , loud as fuck , pissing and puking everywhere , parking on resident spots . 
  but in the other hand who can blame them when their beer is just hops-flavoured piss . 
  some folks have also troubles with spanish exchange students here , they may be loud , but i guess they are quite nice . 
  but still we do n't get many russians , and from what i 've seen in prague , they can get into totally different level of rude . 
  offcourse the worst people everybody has to deal with here are the locals . 
  i believe that natural selection or classical darwinism could n't apply here - we are not solitary species , we do n't survive as individuals but as a society . 
  and within the society even childless individuals can be of merit and thus improving survivability of all . 
  oh , you 're right . 
  what i meant was that people should n't care about what strangers are doing with their own genitalia . 
  it 's so sad , really . 
  people need to stop obsessing about other people 's dicks . 
  still he is an arrogant douche who just loves to listen to himself . 
  just put in google vegetarian restaurant prague . 
  there are few . 
  have fun, 
  ... the fuck ? 
  wan na sniff that peppershaker again ? 
  last time was not enough ? 
  which would solve exactly what ? 
  yeah , in the other hand we are not that good with the compass thingy apparently . 
  you will see us again in couple of months , flip-floping your mountains :-), 
  so ... basically profiting on the misery of others ? 
  edit : a word, 
  hear hear !, 
  my point was that this argument is just flawed and it 's usage is popular but hollow . 
  we have a lot of problems that are being solved for extremely long time and yet everytime a new problem occurs populists start to coming up with easy solutions to old problems , trying to appeal to fake sense of social justice . 
  people who couple of months ago would pick up the homeless and drive them outside the towns to let them freeze to death are now preaching help to the homeless . 
  it disgusts me . 
  we had decades , maybe centuries to do that . 
  there are two of you using one account or what ? 
  i think more of cheap loans , preferential treatment of newlyweds and young families , especially in housing distribution , there were also financial incentives towards your first and probably second child . 
  basically we went saudi arabia on families . 
  well you try it !, 
  that depends on the point of view - poles are just generally better merchants , i can always ask for reasonable price reduction and mostly get it if buying sufficient ammount . 
  in here it 's almost unheard of , once fixed price is fixed , even in small stalls or farmer 's markets . 
  the bad food production ... well it goes fom our buy only cheapest stuff mentality . 
  people get what they pay for . 
  yep . 
  we hate everything . 
  are they really that good ? 
  my friend works at hyundai plant ( ix20 , i30 , ix35 ) and he strongly discouraged me from getting one ... 
  not generally . 
  you have right to fend off an attack by reasonable force , like not gunning down a dude runnng at you with a knife . 
  our self defence laws are simply retarded , this is set to fix one instance . 
  people are buying subpar shit because the quality products that are being sold by the same company cost significantly more . 
  its only a matter of morals versus blind chase of profit . 
  in czechia most companies chase high short term profit instead of longterm steady one . 
  capitalism simply does n't work when people in charge of corporations does n't understand how it should work . 
  right and right . 
  still my argument is that his occupation was not his doing . 
  i really do n't know about that - direct responsibility for current state of affairs was franz josef ii , who ruled with iron-clad fist , not his son , who was not in much position to rule . 
  in fact franz ferdinand was considered to be a friend and ally to slavic peoples in the monarchy so he would be probably the greatest asset even for serbian kingdom to resolve the situation peacefully . 
  but no , young fundamentalists always know better . 
   public transportation exists , people can use that to get to work in a different nearby city where there is more work . 
  there are even programmes that financially compensate the travel costs for unemployed people . 
  look at the map of poorest regions and compare it with existing infrastructure and public trasport options there and then slap yourself . 
  do n't remind me of princip ... you know we had a quite okay-ish thing going on with franz ferdinand . 
  keep burgenland !, 
  dude , d1 is between prague and polish border near bohum\u00edn , brno is half way . 
  the older highways are being repaired . 
  but because the only criteria for czech public works is final price it 's taking extremely long . 
  and the new highways are so flimsily built that they are falling into pieces . 
  we have a part near bohum\u00edn that are restricted to 60 km/h because of extensive damage . 
  on a road that is not even 10 years old . 
  the east really suffers because of bad infrastructure , driving to prague is a nightmare no matter which road you take . 
  there is no highway connection to vienna , there is not enough connections to germany and the only highway to slovakia is concrete panels glued together with some tar . 
  and polish weekend drivers are homicidal maniacs . 
  overall not worth getting the vignette at all . 
  not that much , but i have it at home all the time . 
  but to be honest , i recently found that i like er\u0151s pista better . 
  i have bought quite old diesel octavia in germany and while it ate quite a lot of money for repairs my overall cost of ownership is now on 7.05 czk per km and constantly decreasing with fuel being 1.6 czk per km . 
  new car in my price range would be around 12-15 czk per km constant , so it 's not that bad . 
  i got it for road trips since i like my vacations unorganized and not in one place . 
  it 's also great for hauling groceries . 
  around 1500 czk .
