  edit : omg , there are multiple layers in the openstreetmaps , i 'm an idiot !, 
  they are really good , i used them through latvia , but what really scares me is the lack of contours , it makes planning a nightmare and i have to always pack redundant stuff because of that . 
  yeah , as avid hiker it 's really frustrating searching for landmarks and hiking trails on google maps . 
  mapy.cz are great for that , too bad there is no similar service elsewhere . 
  you make no sense . 
  they are subjugated now . 
  they want to unsubjegate themselves . 
  should they succeed there would be no reason to subjugate them again . 
  and if anyone would do so they would probably raise all kinds of hell . 
  he likes to say things that sound good to our rednecks . 
  just a part of his internal political agenda , nothing to be of any consequence . 
  then it 's cool i guess . 
  and in such it 's just a matter of nomenclature then . 
  just changing the stickers . 
  my view is strictly against existence of such force by purely philosophical reasons - gendarmes are part of the military while policing forces are usually civilian agencies . 
  the job of the military should be fight the enemies of the state , not its citizens . 
  also coordinating ministry of defence ( the army ) with the ministry of internal ( the police ) would be pain not to mention that head of the army is de facto the president , head of the policing forces is the government . 
  practically , imo with a system of gendarmes inplemented there is significantly larger field for mishaps and misuse of power within the force , wich is something our politicians would probably thrive in . 
  but there are no such ideas over here so i 'm kinda glad :-), 
  it 's complicated . 
  zeman is a great speaker and really knows how to appeal to the masses . 
  ( but if you really think about things he says it can get really scary ) schwarzenberg on the other hand is sometimes very difficult to follow and represents a conservative and imho quite inconsistent party . 
  the breaking point in our election was probably zeman 's promise that he wo n't suffer kalousek ( schwarzenberg 's man-behind-the-curtain ) in the government . 
  that guy is the most literally controversial politician of the last decade . 
  in the end , given the candidates we could end up much worse and much better . 
  zeman is just a grumpy self-obsessed jerk in a position of little power . 
  but at least he is not pro-russian , so i do n't rage watchin news * too much * . 
  skimmed his history , can you point out some of those * fringe opinions * ? 
  found nothing strange there . 
  yeah but no-one can actually tell one from another so everyone got mildly irritated and went drinking . 
  burning bush ( ho\u0159\u00edc\u00ed ke\u0159 ) - hbo drama miniseries about events after jan palach 's self-immolation in january 1969 . 
  it follows a young lawyer that is suing state officials for palach 's defamation few months into soviet occupation . 
  touching , chilling and infuriating . 
  it 's also worth mentioning that the director , agnieszka holland , has lived through this events since she was studying in prague during these events . 
  ( [ trailer ] ( http://www.imdb.com/video/withoutabox/vi1035249177?ref_=tt_pv_vi_1 ) ), 
  no , it 's the same . 
  most of european flags can be used together with coat of arms actually . 
   remember reading that he was in a lot of pain in those three days , but i ca n't seem to find the source right now . 
    as for a friend finishing him off , he did it in one of the most crowded places in prague , the friend would end up in prison for murder . 
  by resistence , you mean shooting their way to the west ? 
  norwegians seem like prime / r/firstworldanarchists material then !, 
  we were going cross country . 
  water is the most essential commodity when hiking . 
  its not that common but there are definetely sweatsuits ghettos in the cz . 
  well fuck that noise !, 
  i accidentaly bought a whole fucking package of this shit !, 
  with my last money !, 
  friday evening right before crossing border to latvia . 
  and guess what ? 
  no fucking shop opened through weekend . 
  me and my mates almost died . 
  but overall it was the awesomest trip ever :-), 
  czechlands is exactly the same . 
  they do n't even know proper grammar and syntax . 
  in today 's news : - tragedy on live tv : sign language interpreter died during interview with okamura - a lot of representatives back in parliment , psychologists warn - public executions in tehran end up with tie . 
  rematch imminent - mayans were wrong . 
  new found siberian calendar sparks hope , agree owners of ezoteric websites - 16 y/o driver is believed to watch parliment broadcast night before disaster, 
  why not czechlands ? 
  it 's short enough and historically accurate . 
  and do n't you think this kinda goes * both ways * ? 
  they democratically decided not to be in the serbian state and serbia just did the bully * haha , fuck you * routine . 
  and democratically voted against it . 
  democracy is the awesomest , greatest thing but also double-cutting sword . 
  it 's just that making the situation more volatile wo n't improve it . 
  i am very sorry for the serbian minority living in kosovo as well as for albanian minority living in serbia , but when a nation or a predominant group of people decide that the land they are living on should be independent , there should be no other action than saying `` well , congratulations to your new country and good luck running it ! '', 
  any other action can potentially lead to violence . 
  well those kosovo guys are a ) predominant b ) striving independence c ) angry and violent in my book the first two reasons are good enough to be granted independence . 
  serbia has nothing to gain from keeping kosovo within its grasp , only spite , hate and violence . 
  which make the land itself useless . 
  and yet the serbs * insist * that kosovo should remain serbian . 
  just drop them guys , they want their freedom and there is nothing good that particular chunk of land with three railway trails can bring you . 
  like , really . 
  the stress is on the first syllabe . 
  it is preciseley pronounced in the end of this comercial : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbcu-jwwy98, 
  i love you too !, 
  whatever you are !, 
  everyone !, 
  come here , we have awesomest , cheapest and bestest beer ever !, 
  in the other hand , it 's tuesday , 1 am and i 'm shitfaced , so there is that . 
  found it !, 
  * despite what my language is saying , it 's not latvia * former soviet republic , now a soverign state * rich history * ancient language that actually helps linguistics understand the development of indoeuropean languages * average people look like those folks from tv commercials ( that one is pretty surreal ) * some people died defending a tv tower against soviet police while the country was seceding from the ussr * lithuanians transcibe names phonetically and add - s in the end * really beautiful nature * no mountains * the currency is called `` litas '', 
  that particular piece is generally not true , the main preparator is believed to be the ussr fearing of losing one for their satellites and sparking similar sentiments around the eastern bloc . 
  there however is minor anti polish sentiment amongst czech far rightists ( but whom they do n't hate ) , based on the 7-day war in 1919 and the fact that polish army was one of the occupying forces that ended the first republic in 1938 in compliance with the m\u00fcnchen agreement . 
  more common czech sentiment towards poland regarding the ww2 would be ` at least they actually fought ' and ` katy\u0144 must have sucked ' and the first association that comes to mind when you ask czech about poland and communism would be lech walesa , he is considered quite the hero . 
  edit : if there would be slight anti polish sentiment it would be caused mostly by our media 's witchhunt against low-quality polish food being imported , the depth of polish faith ( czechlands are predominatedly atheistic ) and the troubles caused by rednecks and hooligans at our festivals and partying venues . 
  but nothing extremely bad . 
  that 's just noise . 
  it did n't actually answered my question about ethnicity . 
  and some of them might not , given the density of the ainu population on hokkaid\u00f3 . 
  yet they feel , live and are accepted as japanese . 
  independently ? 
  when did that happen ? 
  i dare you to recognize a pole who speaks perfectly czech . 
  or german , for that matter . 
  yeah , you just contradicted yourself . 
  since they are ainu and bear differet genetic traits than common japanese population they can not be ethnically japanese yet they are mostly assimilated ? 
  into what then , since they can not be ethnical ? 
  is there any higher power at work here ? 
  i can proclaim myself whoever i want . 
  by this logic , ainu people are not japanese .
