  okay , and i say that saying ethnical czech is a total bs since we are genetically undistinguishable from the general population of the central europe and yet since the mongolian invasions , there are lot of people demonstrating traces of asian traits in southern moravia . 
  culture varies from family to family , where would you draw a line of cultural czechism and foreignism ? 
  do i have to be a hussite/catholic/atheist ? 
  does accepting buddhism or hinduism exclude me from the nation ? 
  or do i have to listen to same music and read the same authors ? 
  i do n't get it , how you can actually culturally diverse people ? 
  or how many those rules do i have to break in order to stop being a czech ? 
  my ancestors do n't have to assimilate to anything , since there were citizens of ck monarchy and decent human beings . 
  and the cultural difference in the whole area is effectively nil . 
  the only differetiating element is the language , and must i say that it was virtually non-existent 300 years ago ? 
  ** czechlands ** * former pm , deputy petr ne\u010das appointed his former head of office and current mistress jana nagyov\u00e1 his personal assistant . 
  she is being investigated by the police for illegaly ordering military intelligence to spying on citizens , sepecially petr ne\u010das ' wife wich led to fall of his cabinet . 
  his political allies are believed to be tearing of their hair and desperately crying on the toilet . 
  * the provisonal government appointed by our scary and democratically creative president milo\u0161 zeman did n't get the necessary support in the parliment wich will effectively lead to early elections . 
  which is probably good , since no-one voted fot those guys . 
  * there were minor demonstrations in smaller cities targeted against roma population wich is considered abusing the social security system effectively leading to worsening life conditions for everyone . 
  police contained the situations without serious injuries . 
  * prague pride 2013 . 
  some people say yay , bring it on , some people say nay , keep your sexually explicit behaviour at home . 
  but everybody agrees that we are more liberal and nicer people than those scary russians , pat our back and go to a swiming pool , since the weather is so nice . 
  * yet the only thing in our newspapers is how hot is the weather . 
  but , to be fair , it is quite hot . 
  how so ? 
  are you ... 
  i dare to say ... idiot ? 
  the whole general area of central europe was so racially and nationaly mixed that only thing today that is an okay pass for czech nationality is the language . 
  i do n't know any czech ( bohemian , moravian or silesian ) that has n't got at least one german and slovak or pole in their last five generations . 
  by your logic the only americans living in america are the natives and others must trace their origin to their respective countries . 
  yeah . 
  well , not exactly . 
  prh was officially a soverign country allied with the ussr whereas ltsr was officially one for the `` soviet socialist republic '' that made up the `` union '' . 
  those populist are really in every country ; every one has its own reasons for splitting . 
  but those numbers - damn !, 
  or poland or austria , depending on proximity . 
  it 's really weird - generic food items are cheaper and better abroad . 
  and we have serious lack of fine foods , wich is plentiful only few kilometers over the border . 
  bummer . 
  but next election they will be sitting in same seats , because when considered a whole , the nation is like your slightly inbred distant cousin from sudetenland . 
  ^ ^ sometimes , ^ ^ when ^ ^ i ^ ^ look ^ ^ at ^ ^ comments ^ ^ here ^ ^ or ^ ^ at ^ ^ the ^ ^ news ^ ^ sites , ^ ^ i ^ ^ silently ^ ^ thank ^ ^ god ^ ^ for ^ ^ that . 
  everyone , rejoice !, 
  from now on , we do n't need any public nor academic discussions about meaning and value of art !, 
  from now on we just ask / u/xiaopewpew !, 
  well honestly i lived through that split and it was mosty a political decision from top without any real incentive from the people . 
  there was separatist tendencies in slovakia but there were not majority . 
  which is not exactly true . 
  what the hell does that mean ? 
  i really do n't care . 
  most of our population is way too fanaticised to have any relevant opinion about anything . 
  i just keep wondering what are the media and politicians distracting us from . 
  but saying that non-europeans are not welcomed here is wrong . 
  we 're quite welcoming unless we go into mass panic mode . 
  you are right , but i feel that this eu policy heals symptoms , not the cause . 
  you went overboard . 
  he does that . 
  it 's the internet , so what would you expect . 
  northern bohemia - surface miners . 
  always protest to breach mining limits and devastate their landscape even more . 
  nonminers porotest against them . 
  south bohemia - rural folk with slight opportunism in them . 
  eastern bohemia - hillbillies . 
  they call their hills mountains . 
  northeast bohemia - nice towns and a zoo . 
  prague - ignorant and lazy but nice and welcoming . 
  no one works in friday . 
  and hipsters . 
  pra\u017esk\u00e1 naplavenina - `` prague river debris '' - people who moved to prague . 
  oportunistic assholses with small town mannerism and low self-esteem . 
  that asshole manager everybody hates ? 
  yep . 
  north moravia/silesia - post-industrial wasteland and extremely poor villages in the mountains . 
  gloomy , rude and stabby people that spek in some weird polish dialect . 
  central moravia - farmers and weird folk dresses . 
  southern moravia - wine and jesus and very weird accent . 
  nice folk making fun of pragers and their inability to hold liquor . 
  brno - like southern moravia but locals somehow lack sense of humour . 
  and beautiful girls . 
  okay , so they bought shitload of food abroad and now are destroying it . 
  this actually has written russia all over . 
  balkans are fun !, 
  was that a joke ? 
  my family always used ble\u0161\u00ed porno , meaning flea porn . 
  but it 's not widely used from what i can tell . 
  yeah , but he had 15-30 sec of flashing red light before the gates went down . 
  it 's like common sense not getting in the way of fast moving hundreds of tonnes . 
  we actually have one distinct cheese : olomouck\u00e9 tvar\u016f\u017eky . 
  it 's very aromatic small ring of quite soft cheese . 
  awesome with beer , awesome soaked in beer and awesome just altogether . 
  niva is somewhat specific version of roquefort , great strong taste and yellowish colour . 
  other cheeses we make are just bastardized versions of foreign stock . 
  hermel\u00edn is just plainer brie and eidam is retarded brother of edamer . 
  vltav\u00edn is brie type with blue mold inside , simmilar to roquefort , but somehow even this quite intersting combination manages to keep distinctively czech plastic smell and taste . 
  there are great cheeses just around the corner , polish krolewski is brilliant everyday hard cheese . 
  also bryndza , sheep milky cheese is really something , and there are some producers even in eastern moravia , so it 's partly our cheese too . 
  i know , right ? 
  we voted one of the biggest landowner and head of the almost-monopoly agrarian company into the government , there are extreme leftist cells planning bomb attack on train , extreme right neonazis walking around with nooses , every bigger public construction ends up gulping 2-3 times more money than planned and/or crumpling to dust after couple of years and yet our biggest national problem are gypsies stealing chocolates in grocery stores . 
  and muslims . 
  all 4000 of them . 
  babi\u0161 buying the media was the most genial thing he did . 
  for him . 
  for us , a tragedy .
