that 's actually a really interesting language learning technique !, 
  i think i might try that , 
  that 's amazing !, 
  well done , 
  ohhh that last one may be what i was thinking of  i ca n't remember very well either haha, 
  i have slovenian heritage and i remember being told by my grandparents that when people see a ladybug they would say something along the lines of `` ladybug please lead me to my beautiful home '' . 
  it actually may be nothing like that , i was a young child when i was told about this so i vaguely remember this . 
  can any slovenians confirm this ? 
  lol, 
  i just wanted to say as a native english speaker that a lot of people who say their spoken english is not good are better at it than they think . 
  at my university we have a lot of students who speak a language other than english and they are always saying how bad they are with their english but i can hold a completely normal conversation with them and we both can understand each other . 
  i guess what i am trying to say is do n't put yourselves down so much !, 
  its quite an achievement to be able to speak multiple languages with a decent level of fluency, 
  i think you 'll wish you did n't ask that ... 
  i am not really familiar with the politics of eu tbh , i was making a shitpost more than anything lol, 
  australia , they joined eurovision so why not eu as well hahaha, 
  i only came here to say why the heck is australia even in it ?????? 
  lol, 
  username checks out haha, 
  i suppose that is true . 
  i think the mentality here is that it is more `` neat '' because it is a little more clear . 
  although that does n't really change anything because i 've seen some awful handwriting that is in print lol, 
  i used to hate writing `` z '' like that . 
  i do n't even write like that now that i am an adult . 
  lucky uk english does n't use the letter `` z '' too often anyways , 
  we are taught both cursive and print handwriting , but ultimately it is the choice of the individual . 
  some schools will make you write in cursive during the later years of primary school ( mine did ) but no one really seems to care in high school so you can choose to write whichever way you wish . 
  most people that i know do not write in cursive , with the exception of some elderly people ( particularly those with european heritage ) . 
  yeah , i remember learning cursive in grade 4 or 5 in victoria too , 
  everyone thats posted in this has shown such `` fancy '' handwriting fonts , ours is so plain compared to that lol . 
  in australia , it differed slightly by the state you lived in but [ this ] ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/50b88908e4b012760ada1011/t/56a57835df40f3c82e8b48fb/1453684791793/ ) gives a basic idea of how each state was taught to write ( mind you this was in the early 2000s ) . 
  wow you got pretty far !, 
  thats exciting in itself, 
  same here and i graduated in 2014 . 
  they do n't seem to want to get into the messy stuff surrounding bullying . 
  definitely something schools need to work on, 
  i think boys and girls just tend to bully other kids in different ways . 
  like girls ( from my experiences as one lol ) tend to do things behind other kids backs like spreading rumours and all the rest . 
  whereas boys from what i have seen , are more upfront about it and will taunt you to your face, 
  thats similar to my family except different clan xd, 
  agreed !, 
  people have to pay for toilets ?? 
  i 've never heard of anyone having to pay to use the toilet here, 
  omg same and the very hungry caterpillar too edit : my emoji did n't work xd, 
  coz we told him once about how it was normal here in australia xd he is an elderly man so it is possible he 's forgotten that he has told us a number of times before, 
  oh really ? 
  one of my `` uncles '' ( i do n't actually know how he is related to me ) lives in ljubljana and always calls us when he sees one because of how surprised he is lol, 
  my cousins in slovenia say they get a bit of a shock too sometimes , more so their elderly family members though lol, 
  that 's a nice tradition , 
  omg lol, 
  out of interest , if not christianity what is the main religious belief of estonia ( if any at all ) ? 
  that 's an interesting one !, 
  haha that sounds kinda fun, 
  you just gave me the biggest shot of nostalgia !, 
  i remember doing that as a child with my grandfather - he was a slovenian migrant so that would explain it , 
  no problem !, 
  that 's what google translate is for , 
  that is an interesting one !, 
  if it is any consolation to you , we have people ask us if we come from austria xd, 
  if you use the word `` cunt '' a lot you 've nailed australian english lol !, 
  thanks for translating , 
  i love how you 've added other animals too !, 
  really interesting , 
  lucky they did n't call their dog that lol . 
  it would be awkward calling out mussolini in the middle of a park or something, 
  lol , that was a total coincidence xd, 
   sexy sexy soviet communist butt stuff i bet i feel bad for laughing at this, 
  uk have bloody great heavy metal artists, 
  i feel bad for laughing at this xd, 
  holy shit , the best we can get in my country is approx . 
  80/30mbps and even then you 'd be paying $ 89aud / 63eur for it : /, 
  as someone who lives rather far from europe in general , i really like being able to learn things about all your different countries and how similar some things are to where i live . 
  so well done to everyone who contributes their awesome questions and honest answers < 3, 
  i was close haha , 
  you had me at bull horns xd, 
  it 's looks kind of cute !, 
  much different than the ones near me [ like this one for example ] ( http://www.bourkestreetimperial.com/media/1124/dsc_2535.jpg?anchor=center&amp;mode=crop&amp;width=1280&amp;height=435&amp;rnd=131309317710000000 ), 
  i have a feeling ( obviously can not say for sure ) op may be referring to not eating meat on fridays in lent . 
  i had a good laugh at this one lmao, 
  yeah we do like to text quite a bit ( especially when it comes to work related stuff ) over here . 
  thats where imessage comes in handy here i guess , you 're not paying for the text messages you send . 
  maybe that 's why we love iphones in australia haha, 
  never heard of xiaomi . 
  this is the reason i asked the question , i figured there would be phones that are not often heard of in aus/us , 
  hahahaha !, 
  i love it xd, 
  now that is some groundbreaking technology right there !, 
  same over here tbh lol, 
  wow this is certainly different from from australia !, 
  ours would probably be iphone 7 plus , samsung galaxy s7 and google pixel, 
  that 's nuts to me as an australian , literally no one here vapes, 
  slovene gibanica is generally sweet , 
  this looks interesting !, 
  ohhh it seems i have misunderstood the concept of downvoting lmao, 
  thanks for adding recipes too !, 
  i look forward to trying these , 
  this looks tasty !, 
  i was totally not expecting it to look like that inside !, 
  i actually had no idea that islam was the major religions of bosnia and albania . 
  i ca n't say anything as i am not someone living in europe but i would guess that those who `` bash '' muslims would not feel too happy about those particular groups of people either as they are still essentially following the same belief system that the arab muslims are following .
