can i choose the countryman i want to die ? 
  wait , there are a lot of hidden cameras in traffic lights . 
  one of my friends got a ticket for not waiting at 4 a.m in a deserted junction . 
  if i was in charge , i would ban all religions that teaches things against human rights . 
  sympathy for the persons , loathing for the regime and their politicians . 
  i have never heard about it in spain, 
  that one is very funny , because some conspiranoic sites tried to pass it as a proof of ancient aliens . 
  new york is nueva york . 
  new orleans is nueva or-leah-ans . 
  los angeles is pronounced with a hard h. 
  halloween , and some bars celebrate st. patrick 's day , but only a few . 
  good people , nice accent . 
  i am waiting what it will happen now that castro is gone , and i wish them all the luck in the world . 
  the only one i know a little about , is basque . 
  so basque, 
  juan carlos the king ? , the cheater , thief , heir of a dictatorship and killer of his brother and some innocent elephant ? 
  that juan carlos ? 
  all the uses of the word testicles `` cojones '' . 
  no hay cojones \u00a1 it 's like a dare acojonado , scared shitless descojonado laughing escojonado , very tired tener los cojones cuadrados , squared testicles , it 's being very brave tener m\u00e1s cojones que el caballo de espartero : you are very brave because you have more testicles than espartero 's horse tener los cojones pelaos ( peeled testicles ) , when you are very experienced in something y un coj\u00f3n . 
  : no way cojonudo : great . 
  you are right , and i should know because i used to live very near the divisi\u00f3n azul street in my hometown . 
  no , it 's not too long . 
  maybe too long for a daytrip but not for a twoday trip . 
  pp is on the far left of trump . 
  after we voted rajoy again , i am not sure of anything . 
  hans landa is one of my favourite characters ever . 
  a lot ? 
  if i have to make a list i can waste hours . 
  i normally watch then in their language and with subs . 
  the real academia de la lengua espa\u00f1ola for spanish , they take care of the official spanish dictionary, 
  i do n't know if it 's illegal but no one cares, 
  versailles and haussman, 
  we did n't participate in the wwii, 
  yes to ljiubljiana , it 's beautiful, 
  if you like historical places : toledo , m\u00e9rida , tarragona , granada, 
  weirdly yes , but it 's because my boyfriend is a fisherman and he is subscribed to a fishing and hunting online shop , so they send him advertisements about fishing rods and hunting guns . 
  but unrequested , no . 
  and only for hunting guns . 
  you can sell alcohol in bars , caf\u00e9s , restaurants , supermarkets , dollar shops , at any time the shop is open . 
  minimum age of purchasing and drinking is 18 , but almost all people begin to drink earlier , there is a new law that punish parents and vendors but i do n't know anyone who has been carded . 
  no problems with advertising alcohol , in newspapers , tv , etc. 
  i think that you can advertise alcohol in children 's channels but you can advertise alcohol at any hour . 
  there is a huge culture of drinking in public that the government is trying to ban , but botell\u00f3n ( young people in parks , most of them minors ) is very popular . 
  and drinking outside in summer is very common . 
  of course i can think of many scenarios where a black person can deny a white person a job and give preference to another poc , because there are black ceos , and black hirers and black human resources people . 
  and there are a lot of black supremacists out there like there are white supremacists and both are equally despicable . 
  football , football and football , as you can see if you take a look at any sports newspaper . 
  sometimes cycling if it 's the tour , el giro , or la vuelta ciclista a espa\u00f1a but mostly football, 
  best in greece , worst in england, 
  spilling salt , breaking mirrors , bad cats , walking under a ladder , do n't give knifes as gifts, 
  epervier is like the game of l\u00e1tigo ( whip ) in spain , el bal\u00f3n prisionero is like ballon prisonnier , un deux , trois , soleil is like our uno , dos , tres al escondite ingl\u00e9s , and your ball game is like our bote botero , only that instead of playing with a ball we played with an empty can . 
  we have the same games . 
  hide and seek . 
  rescate , where you had a person or two catching the others , and the others had home , a safe place where the catcher could n't get you . 
  the people caught made a line and if one of the runners touched your hand you were free . 
  churro va , a line of bend over in one team and the other team had to jump over them . 
  un , dos , tres al escondite ingl\u00e9s , where one kid put himself against a wall and chant : uno , dos , tres al escondite ingl\u00e9s and then he turn around , the other kids have to approach him while he were chanting and if he saw any kid moving , the kid lose . 
  i always find ironic that we are one of the biggest producer of fruits and vegetables of the eu , but no without our chorizo and jam\u00f3n . 
  only on the practical side , if the relationship will have to be long distance , where we were going to live , things like that . 
  it 's not big here , very few choices or restaurants, 
  gringos are only americans , guiris are foreigners . 
  jos\u00e9 garc\u00eda , or something like this . 
  come to an eu member that covers the treatment . 
  the same , hola , qu\u00e9 tal ? . 
  which can be translated into , hi , how 's it going ? 
  in 2009 there were more civil weddings than religious ones , and most catholic people here only go to church , to weddings , baptisms , communions and funerals . 
  a lot of nuns are from india or southamerica because nobody wants to be a nun , and there are few priests , they called it a crisis of vocations because only a small number or young people want to be priests . 
  but we like the traditional festivals , that 's why easter is a great festival in some towns , and that 's why my nephews who are atheists from atheist parents , dressed themselves in white robes made by my atheist mother and participate in religious parades . 
  diga ( tell me ) , or si ? 
  ( yes ? ), 
  not at all, 
  italy , they drive like madmen, 
  the big cities are most liberal , so madrid , valencia , barcelona . 
  we have a lot of dialects , i am from the middle and i hardly understand the accents of some parts of the south . 
  in the north there are dialects like bable in asturias , fabla in arag\u00f3n . 
  there is panocho in murcia . 
  i think that there is a religious show on sundays in the state tve . 
  there are not a lof of miners left , but they always voted left . 
  in fact there is a slogan about `` worker learn from the miner '' , because they were involved in a lot of strikes and laboral conflicts in the past to fight for their rights . 
  chineses own most of the dollar stores in spain , to the point that the shops are called chinos ( chinese ) . 
  the rest of corner shops are mostly owned by ethnic spaniards , although this is changing and there are some halal meat shops , ruman specialities shops and a lot of muslim are opening fruit shops . 
  in spain we are less susceptible to terrorist attacks since eta leave the weapons , so we are more safe now . 
  legal , free and rare . 
  the big newspapers are totally partisan and they manipulate the news , but i do n't think that they dare to fabricate totally fake news , yet . 
  never , but we are very far from russia . 
  thank manitou \u00a1 \u00a1 \u00a1, 
  i was only talking about spain , is he still famous in germany ? 
  i know that saladin was a kurd , and that you are the biggest ethnicity without state in the world . 
  and a little about peshmerga . 
  but before the current war i only knew that saladin was a kurd, 
  i am forty something and i have read them , but i think that the youngsters do n't read them anymore . 
  yes , and moreso with trump . 
  although it 's more against usa than against americans . 
  the inquisition only killed like 3.000 during near four centuries . 
  hardly a genocide at all . 
  there were a lot of propaganda about it : `` la leyenda negra '' , but the inquisitors had to document their trials , so there is enough information about that . 
  jeans and a t-shirt, 
  the same than in spain , the sefard\u00edes can claim spanish citizenship, 
  in 1492 the catholic queen and king expulsed the jewish people from spain , and made the moors convert to cristianism . 
  in 1609 felipe iii , expulsed the `` moriscos '' muslim people who did n't convert .
