well what i 've looked into it there is n't an actual exam , you just need to do the process all in hungarian and have a small conversation with someone at the office in hungarian . 
  but regardless , if i 'm going to become hungarian i 'd like to learn the language properly and not half-assed . 
  i plan to live in budapest for at least a year so hopefully i 'll get decent at the language then !, 
  i 'm not in touch with my local group here in sydney , but it 's my next step for sure !, 
  it 's interesting because my grandfather wrote a book about hungary after moving here . 
  i have no contact with that side of my family any more though , because my dad was not a good person ( to put it lightly ) . 
  this was it : http://www.amazon.com/timesless-nation-literature-folklore-hungarian/dp/0959687335 where abouts are you ? 
  well it 's ironic because the ship is named independence , as in independence from russia . 
  should probably repaint it as it 's currently a huge russian flag . 
  worth the price in their opinion i assume . 
  it 's either cheaper gas with no guarantee of supply during winter and being at the mercy of moscow , or independence and more expensive gas . 
  some unknown submarine in the baltic ? 
  oh no idea who that belongs to ... 
  i 'm not living there yet , but i will !, 
  i 'm learning what i can now , then in about a year i move over . 
  i have hungarian ancestry and so qualify for hungarian citizenship , the catch is i need to speak the language . 
  so i figure i might as well go for it , then i 'll have an eu passport that i can use to live and work in hungary and the eu and it 's something i can give to my kids , too . 
  also , it gives me an excuse to learn another language . 
  i enjoy it , i 've learnt german and lived there for a year . 
  i definitely learnt more in my first month or so in germany than i did in the 2 years before going !, 
  hah , that actually was on my mind without realising it . 
  hard to explain ... 
  so your solution to the problem with there being 2 versions of norwegian is to create a 3rd one ? 
  at least you 're probably a native speaker . 
  my native language is english and i 'm trying to learn hungarian . 
  trust me , it 's a bitch . 
  it pretty much as no relation whatsoever that i know in language . 
  exceptions being modern words sound similar to some in english and the fact there is no grammatical genders ( thank fuck - looking at you german that i 've studied for 6 years so far ) . 
  we do n't either in australia . 
  unless you consider board shorts to be it . 
  404 : border not found, 
  no that was australia during eurovision . 
  that 's a whole lotta in that pic bush . 
  i was abused by a cyclist the other day actually . 
  for nothing . 
  i 'm actually quite aware and wary of cyclists because i do n't want to hit them , but the ones in sydney have a huge attitude problem . 
  i have n't experienced it in melbourne or when i lived in europe . 
  and sydney is a horrible place for cyclists . 
  the city pretty much has hills all over the place , no straight roads longer than 100m and most roads are quiet small , leaving no room for expansion for cycle ways . 
  i think this has resulted in the cyclists becoming over defensive and moving into arrogant territory , as they believe all drivers are out to get them , when in reality the road situation is heavily weighted against them being able to ride comfortably alongside motorists . 
  edit : [ we have these large signs around the city on main roads . 
  ] ( http://resources0.news.com.au/images/2015/06/08/1227388/307132-9f2ae210-098a-11e5-a66b-67b892251576.jpg ) they put up reminders or information for drivers . 
  i do n't have a pic but the other day they were displaying `` all road rules apply to cyclists '' . 
  the fact the road safety authority felt it necessary to reminder cyclists of this speaks for itself imo . 
  also here . 
  but i 'm from sydney where cyclists are really fucking arseholes who think road rules , like red lights , do n't apply to them . 
  the eu is full of exceptions . 
  they 'll be able to do it imo . 
  leaving eurozone and leaving the eu are very different . 
  leaving the eu would be disastrous . 
  all hail queen lizzie !, 
  ( what we call her in australia anyway ), 
  like the onion ones ? 
  i love them so much . 
   still got time to train . 
  well , of course , i doubt they 'd have time to bus !, 
  d : fingers crossed we get in again next year . 
  just you wait !, 
  oh we know the customs . 
  we 've been watch you all for decades . 
  waiting for this chance . 
  yeah straya would vote for the kiwis but not the other way around . 
  weird . 
  it 's been big for years in australia : /, 
  oh you were n't in it ? 
  * smirks *, 
  does that mean straya can into europe now ? 
  the abc is at the mercy of government funding and with a conservative government is getting funding cuts . 
  make it digital . 
  be almost instant . 
  how ? 
  do n't worry about these other people . 
  vote how you want . 
  thank you for the post , it was really interesting to see !, 
  it then becomes political as political parties are associated with colours . 
  grey is neutral , so that 'd be why they chose that . 
  yours looks better . 
  i think you 're forgetting both world wars there ... 
  and france likes to speak french . 
  oh my god lizzie , you 're showing your lower leg and ankle !!, 
  put it away you whore !, 
  the optimal feed is one with many collaborators who work together to provide information from multiple reputable sources all in one place . 
  could it be the distress call was 10:37 ? 
  i ca n't see much either . 
  does help that twitter does n't let you zoom on mobile . 
  but that terrain is terrible :(, 
  man . 
  5 minutes is a loooong time in that situation . 
  i feel so sad for those poor people , it must have been horrible . 
  no , fuck torinpeel . 
  he 's a selfish cunt . 
  there were two live feeds for the charlie hebdo attacks . 
  his and one i made . 
  both became popular , but i had a bunch of collaborators and he only had himself . 
  he disappeared for a while so his feed died down . 
  he asked to join and post in our feed , so i let him , and he starts removing others posts , then posting links tweets on his own twitter account and finally starts spamming links to his own live feed . 
  he does n't give a shit about the story . 
  just his own ego . 
  edit : thanks for the alternate feed link . 
   technically though , the flair does n't really say anything about your native language .
