  i was referring to the kind of traditional approach to immigration that built my own country . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  however , i guarantee those somalis are n't as public about how conservative their religious/political beliefs are compared to their european counterparts . 
  if they tried marching for sharia and/or chanting `` minneapolis police , go to hell !, 
  '' , they 'd be in for a rude fucking awakening . 
  frequent and brutal ass kickings would be a virtual certainty . 
  shootings would be a distinct possibility . 
  americans may put up with `` home grown '' groups that are morally repugnant ( e.g. 
  the kkk and westboro baptist church ) , but they ** do not ** put up with overt `` external '' threats . 
  frankly , i 'm glad that the american government does n't ( usually ) take in groups that are unlikely to assimilate . 
  we are not obliged to fuck over our own communities for the sake of doing `` the right thing '' out of some pollyanna hope that someday their grandchildren will just want to fit in . 
  but honestly , i think it has as much to do with the above stated reason as anything else . 
  the federal government is well aware of how citizens would react to large groups of foreigners who want to change the american way of life to fit a religion that is n't christianity . 
  i agree . 
  to me , immigration implies an active interest in becoming a member of a new society . 
  that does n't mean one 's personal beliefs wo n't clash with the norms and vales of the given country , but those differences are sufficiently minor to allow for fairly easy integration . 
  refugees ( and to a lesser extent , migrants ) are victims of circumstance whose decision to relocate is based on a threat or substantial hardship ; they are not drawn ( primarily ) by the appeal of the host country . 
  i think the most fundamental difference between the united states and europe with respect to immigration is that american identity tends to be much more fluid . 
  a big part of it is that shared history is a much smaller part of american identity than is the case in western europe , nor do we have a long history of being ethnically homogenous . 
  there is also a dark side to the american success at integrating immigrants . 
  people who colour outside of the lines in ways deemed unacceptable the society face very harsh responses , which often includes an element of implied violence . 
  i 'm not saying that there are n't american muslim communities that are just as conservative as those found in europe . 
  however , you will never walk down the street and be handed a flyer with an image of the twin towers coming down that reads `` justice is done '' in the us ( that happened to me in east london about a decade ago ) . 
  try that in the us and someone will take that as in invitation to commit violence . 
  as to the demographic issue , it 's simple matter of numbers . 
  it would n't be an issue if immigrants assimilated within two or three generations , as is common in the us . 
  what may happen is that you 'll start seeing the european equivalent of the tea party , but islamist rather than extreme christian . 
  ok . perhaps i should have used the word `` encourage '' rather than invite . 
  however , i think you understood my meaning and do n't think semantics really add anything to the substance of the point . 
  as far as religious views are concerned , the matter is far more complicated than your answer suggests . 
  attitudes can eventually lead to political action . 
  my own country is a strong example of where a vocal minority can have a profound impact on the political landscape . 
  to assume that regressive political change will happen overnight or even quickly is pretty naive . 
  the legitimate concern is that there will be a long-term demographic change that will drive political movements that will roll back essential liberties that the left fought hard battles to win . 
  does anyone actually believe that even a sizeable minority of the refugees and migrants coming into europe approve of lgbt rights ? 
  in the long-term , there could be political push-back if these communities are n't assimilated ; that 's the core problem . 
  yes , people follow their faith to prison when it drives them to break the law in germany . 
  it is also true that germany has n't turned into a sharia-based society . 
  but neither is it an inclusive and well integrated society . 
  i 've lived in germany and have seen firsthand how poorly integrated turkish immigrants in particular are . 
  the migrant situation is only going to exacerbate the problem of immigrants - first generation , as well as their children and even grandchildren - failing to assimilate . 
  add to that the fact that the inbound refugees and migrants are likely to hold more conservative religious/political views than the existing immigrant community . 
  that kind of cultural divide can be harmless when you 're talking about a group that is tolerant of the host culture , as is the case with chinese immigrant communities , but such is not the case for very conservative muslim ones . 
  if that goes unaddressed , you will see rise of political movements based on islamic moral principles ( if not outright religious political parties ) sooner or later . 
  now if you want to talk examples of countries that welcome in immigrants * and * successfully integrate them , look at the united states . 
  it has many , many problems . 
  however , assimilating immigrants is not one of them . 
  edit : typo, 
  even if we assume that these asylum seekers are * all * fleeing from isis , which is absolutely ridiculous and obviously false , the religious views of muslims from the middle east are very [ conservative ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/?beta=true&amp;utm_expid=53098246-2.lly4cfsvqg2lphsg-kopig.1&amp;utm_referrer=https%3a%2f%2fwww.google.nl%2f ) . 
  is it wise to invite in hundreds of thousands of people who strongly believe that they literally have a god-given moral obligation to oppose ( and sometimes combat ) the progressive values of their host countries ? 
  consideration of this point is n't bigotry against the religion of many of these people , it 's actually a form of respect . 
  it assumes that the strength of faith is stronger than any sense of obligation towards ( immoral ) secular governments . 
  to assume otherwise would be a very bad idea . 
  edit : corrected typo, 
  under siege had some pretty good action if i recall it accurately , though it has been about twenty years since i last watched it . 
  i ca n't say that i 'm very familiar with the rest of his work ; the acting usually made me stay well away from his stuff . 
  however , rarely will you ever see realistic martial arts portrayed on screen . 
  realistic fights tend not to be all that interesting in terms of blow-by-blow action . 
  often fights quickly go to grappling range , at which point it is very difficult to tell what it is that the combatants are doing because bodies frequently get in the way of specific moves . 
  ( incidentally , i remember under siege being praised because it did manage to capture grappling and trapping in a fairly interesting way ) . 
  to provide the audience with a clear sense of what is going on , martial arts fight choreography often involves overly-exaggerated movements that are easy to follow . 
  bruce lee was a great example of a genuine martial artist who did great work on film because he also did his own choreography , but western movies are n't where i 'd look to find realistic martial arts . 
  ( the scene in the borne identity where matt damon uses a pen as an improvised weapon is a good counter-factual ) . 
  i admittedly have n't talked seven seagal with anyone since he lost cultural relevance somewhere in the early 2000s . 
  the first video is basically a smear piece , which is not to say the content false . 
  but i ca n't comment on something objectively that is n't objective in the first place . 
  the second clip is about the difference between dojo fighters and street fighters . 
  fair enough . 
  if we assume that steven seagal is indeed an expert in the craft of close quarters combat but untested as a street fighter , my counter is that you have dojo fighters to work out the mechanics of technique . 
  it 's akin to an academic and a professional . 
  but there are plenty of things to dislike about seagal - his acting is horrible , for starters - but i thought his early work and knowledge of the craft is pretty well respected . 
  maybe that has changed , though it 's kind of in the nature of mma to talk shit and i tend to dismiss a lot of talk as just that . 
  edit : to clarify the point on academics and professionals , what i mean is that there is not * necessarily * anything wrong with the tools in the kit of a dojo fighter . 
  indeed , these tools * may * be superior to those available to a skilled street fighter . 
  the difference is in how each fighter draws on them , as well as the fact that the street fighter is also accustomed to considering factors like surroundings and weapons ( regular and improvised ) . 
  we 're not talking about your regular beat cops , though i would maintain that close quarter combat skills are highly valuable if you are trying to physically subdue a suspect ( grappling and trapping are seagal 's specialty ) . 
  special forces around the world are equipped with exactly this sort of training for a reason . 
  it 's absolutely relevant to what they do . 
  i know this sounds ridiculous , but steven seagal is ( or at least , was ) an extraordinary martial artist . 
  they could do far worse than hiring him . 
  edit : to reply to everyone at once , steven seagal is held in extremely high regard in the martial arts community . 
  he 's best known for having moved to japan and opening his own school . 
  what wikipedia does n't tell you is that because he was a foreigner , he regularly had to accept challenges from native martial arts experts ( and win ) to keep his doors open . 
  in addition to being a world class close quarter combat practitioner , he 's also extremely skilled with knives . 
  now that he 's in his sixties , hiring him to instruct special forces actually means hiring his team . 
  he undoubtedly has highly skilled younger people who conduct the actual training . 
  the master carpenter who owns a business does n't make every item in the shop , he or she contributes when expert knowledge is required . 
  i 'm not saying he 's the absolute best in the world , but he 's well-respected in the community for legitimate reasons . 
  those of us who are concerned about the migrant issue do not paint all of them with the same brush , as this article claims . 
  it is a highly complex issue with numerous and significant impacts on europe in both the long and the short term . 
  ( i write this as an american expat who intends to remain a permanent resident ) . 
  simply letting people in with minimal background checks not only opens the door to potential security threats , the majority are like dust scattered to the wind . 
  the decision to let them in comes with the implicit acceptance that they could remain in europe permanently . 
  i think everyone is in agreement that it is morally correct to help those in need , it 's just a matter of how to do so in a manner that does not threaten to upend western principles . 
  as people from my native country should know , a very vocal minority can push through immense political change that can influence the lives of everyone else . 
  were such battles as the women 's rights movement and the gay rights movements fought so that all of the progress they made could potentially be rolled back for the sake of a sixth century arabian warlord ? 
  i 'm talking about nationals that intentionally go to isis territory for training and return . 
  not refugees . 
  edit : but i agree wholeheartedly . 
  if there are syrians going back to isis territory and returning , what they hell are they doing asking for refugee status ?
