it 's not a stereotype to state the attitudes that i have encountered . 
  if your experiences have been different , that 's great . 
  i 'm am genuinely very glad to hear that . 
  but my experiences have been different than yours . 
  as to anonymity , voicing political opinions definitely can have an impact on one 's career . 
  i 'm not risking my livelihood because some person on the internet dares me to . 
   i would be glad to read it if it were real . 
  did you bother to read my comment ? 
  i was n't referring to a study . 
  as to my exact location and position , this is reddit . 
  i 'm sure as hell not going to give away information that could expose my identity because making political comments without anonymity could impact my career . 
  and seriously , you 're going to accuse my fairly detailed and honest response of being fabricated ? 
  whatever . 
  again , care to comment on your experience ? 
  at least i provided you with the broad outline . 
  what 's the basis of your knowledge ? 
  sure . 
  social gatherings related to my work in higher education over the past fifteen years , which i referenced in another comment . 
  occasionally it has been brought up within the context of the workplace with respect to course content , given that some of the lessons deal with economic development . 
  and i did n't say anything about banning alcohol , imposing sharia or forbidding women to work . 
  in another comment i did reference a march in the uk where there was a demonstration against the police where a few protestors were advocating for sharia . 
  what i 've encountered with respect to women 's right has to to with polygamy , particularly for families with an egyptian background . 
  but the issue of expected obedience to male members of the family has come up . 
  am i an authoritative expert on european muslim attitudes ? 
  nope . 
  never claimed i was . 
  but i 've certainly had enough encounters over the years to get a pretty solid picture in germany . 
  your turn . 
  what 's the context in which you 've had the opportunity to get a picture of muslim attitudes in europe ? 
  is it anywhere near as regular or extensive as you get in academia ? 
  i doubt it , but let 's see . 
  yes , i did . 
  the issue of images of and ( negative ) speech about muhammed in particular elicited very strong opinions that run directly counter to liberal freedom of expression in pretty much every case . 
  i 've also encountered some disquietingly anti-semitic opinions from otherwise very educated and intelligent people . 
   they should be taught the good and the bad about things in the world such as religion , racism , fear hatred , love etc. 
  the trouble is that when we 're talking about many conservative muslims , there 's often only one answer to what the root of everything good in life is : islam . 
  that 's part of the reason why unemployment tends to be so high among that demographic in europe . 
  education that promotes western societal values is considered to be a corrupting influence , so children are encouraged to reject it . 
  it is n't hatred of islam to acknowledge that this is a very big problem that must be dealt with . 
  the trouble is , how do you even go about doing this ? 
  you ca n't force children to learn your values . 
  if you try it , the parents will correctly interpret that as an attempt to subvert their values . 
  but pluralistic , secular societies demand that we be tolerant and do not elevate any religion above others - which is what we do when we ban images of muhammad , for instance . 
  the problem we face is extremely challenging . 
  we need to look at all sides of it to figure out how to grasp hold , even the ones that are n't pleasant to look at . 
  edit : corrected a misspelling . 
  fine . 
  although it is typically counted as a petrostate , it 'd be more accurate to call it a ( relatively ) undiversified resource export economy . 
  that does n't make the supposition that russia is buying oil from isis anything other than stunningly wrong and completely ignorant of the merest shred of knowledge about how the energy industry actually works . 
  edit : and by the way , the overwhelming majority of the foreign policy establishment agrees with the assessment that russia is , in fact , a petrostate . 
  you see , petrostate means that a significant share of state revenues come from oil sales , not that it is the largest or even second largest contributor . 
  it 's a fucking relative term . 
  here 's an [ example ] ( https://www.foreignaffairs.com/reviews/capsule-review/2008-09-01/petrostate-putin-power-and-new-russia ) of a book on the subject as reviewed in foreign affairs . 
  immigrant groups of all types , regardless of race or religion , should * at very least * be expected to engage in the kind of passive assimilation seen in the asian immigrant communities that often remain fairly closed off from their host societies . 
  nobody is worried about chinatown or little india because there is an implicit acceptance of the host culture . 
  the people in those immigrant communities generally live their lives on their own terms with respect to culture , obey the laws of the host country , and do n't make any wildly unreasonable demands . 
  by that latter point i mean that if people within these communities want , for instance , social change or a law reviewed , they go through the normal political process . 
  i 've never met or even heard of a hindu immigrant who feels passionately that subway should stop serving beef , unlike some [ groups ... ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/business/2014/04/30/subway-muslim-customers-fast-food/8507373/ ), 
  that makes absolutely ** zero ** sense . 
  first of all , it would n't be very lucrative . 
  this idea totally ignores issues like the fact that there is no infrastructure to transport crude from syria to russia . 
  none . 
  and in order to carry enough volume for it to be profitable , you 'd need a pipeline . 
  but it would n't be profitable . 
  why ? 
  because russia is already hurting from a supply glut that has driven down the price of crude on the global market . 
  russia is a petrostate . 
  the kremlin wants prices to be high , which means that you have to balance supply and demand . 
  right now , supply is way higher than demand . 
  even if it were hypothetically in russia 's financial interest to sell crude from isis - which again i stress , it most certainly * is not * - that would mean that the kremlin would be working with a backer of the islamist insurgents it is currently fighting in chechnya . 
  that 'd be like the us government buying oil from al-qaeda . 
  it enriches the enemy !, 
  and in this case it 's worse because the threat posed by isis in chechnya is * orders of magnitude higher * than is the potential threat posed by islamists in the middle east to the us . 
  is isis selling crude to finance itself ? 
  yes . 
  who is it believed to be selling to ? 
  turkey . 
  edit : the reason the threat to russia is higher is that it is possible to reach chechnya from syria by overland travel . 
  are you implying that russia is buying crude from the middle east ? 
  because russia is the third largest producer of crude by volume in the world , behind the united states and saudi arabia respectively . 
  as i said in another comment , i was referring to mask laws that prohibit full facial coverings for public safety reasons that are unrelated to religious practice . 
  whether or not one supports such laws is an entirely different issue . 
  i 'm familiar with wahhabism . 
  it 's something that certainly contributes to many muslims not at least engaging in the passive assimilation that the other groups that you referred to demonstrate . 
  according to one estimate i 've seen , the saudis spent approximately $ 100 billion on spreading wahhabism throughout the sunni muslim world from 1970 to 2010 . 
  but it seems that this may change soon . 
  the u.s. strategic realignment towards iran is one indicator that the american government may not be tolerant of saudi sponsorship of wahhabism for all that much longer - we 'll see when the next administration comes in . 
  as to europe , oil could certainly play a role . 
  but if i understand correctly , russia is the primary supplier of crude to the european market ( and there 's a lot of production in europe itself ) . 
  the issue is certainly complex and open to debate . 
  however , the rationale for banning the niqab that i was referring to relates to anti-mask laws aimed at improving public safety . 
  the question in that case is whether one thinks that full facial coverings - to be clear , no distinction is made between a ski mask , a guy fawkes mask or a niqab is made - present a threat to public safety is another matter that i think has to be decided by the country or community in question . 
  but if the ban is motivated by an intent to target religion , i think it 's definitely contrary to liberal values . 
  yes , i do know . 
  my comment does not condone the iraq war in any way . 
  as i said , morally reprehensible acts should be condemned for what they are and course corrections must be taken . 
  but we can not draw an equivalence between acts of war launched against military targets ( that result in * unintended * civilian casualties ) and ones that intentionally target civilians . 
  the attacks in paris and brussels were n't aimed at people in government , they were aimed at people with only a tiny amount of say in how their governments operate . 
  that brings up more complex questions of identity that probably should be taken up within western societies . 
  if you have a cultural enclave wherein second and third generation immigrants have only limited engagement with the broader culture and are not raised to appreciate or objectively understand the principles upon which the state was established , how are these individuals classified ?
