  there is a legally correct answer to that question , but i think a satisfactory answer is more complex . 
  edit : removed redundant phrasing, 
  i 've lived in europe for fifteen years . 
  yes , i have . 
  many of them . 
  edit : to provide additional context . 
  i work in higher education . 
  some students i work with are second or third generation immigrants . 
  intent also makes all the difference . 
  yes , the u.s. and allied forces launch military operations that produce collateral damage . 
  that 's genuinely tragic and there is a moral obligation to both condemn operations that go wrong and reconsider the logic of engagement to begin with . 
  ( to be explicit , the u.s. should n't have destabilized the region in the first place ) . 
  that said , western forces ** do not intentionally target civilians . 
  let 's be honest , many muslims do n't want to assimilate . 
  the problem of disenfranchisement is self-reinforcing . 
  many westerners ( correctly ) feel that muslims living in secular countries should be bound their rules and respectful of the tolerance and pluralism upon which they are based . 
  pushback against that view is part of what sets attitudes against the muslim community in general . 
  i 'm not saying everyone , but go talk to an average european muslim about their attitudes about images of muhammad or the banning of the niqab in public and see what kinds of responses you get . 
  many come to europe and expect that their rules be respected . 
  sorry , that 's like me being put up in someone else 's house and bitching when my host does n't agree to keep a vegetarian diet because i do . 
   are you the same as every other american who seems not to understand that ? 
  i have a nuanced view of the realities of foreign policy . 
  i opposed the iraq war before it was ever launched . 
  the rest of my co-nationalists have come around to seeing it my way . 
  but i also realise that it is n't as simple as just pulling all of your troops out of the middle east . 
  there are lots of interests that have come together that need to be untangled , which is happening with the obama administration . 
  is it perfect ? 
  of course not . 
  that 's the reality of great power politics . 
  but in his withdrawal of troops from the region and rapprochement with iran , you can see improvements . 
  if it were up to me , we 'd have very little to do with that region . 
  president obama does n't want to be there either . 
  if you want his views on the matter , check out `` the obama doctrine '' in the most recent issue of the atlantic . 
  i think it 's the most frank account of foreign policy from the perspective of a world leader that i 've ever read , and obama has no interest in that mess of a region . 
  he 's interested in asia . 
  i 'm with him on that . 
  edit : and i do n't much care for your jab at my nationality . 
  there are plenty of generalities that i could throw around as criticisms of europeans , but i 'd prefer to deal with the individual . 
  i think chancellor merkel was woefully naive in handling of the refugee crisis , but i would n't brand you as such if you happened to be german . 
  i really appreciate that you practice your religion in a peaceful and positive manner . 
  however , how do you suggest that we deal with your co-religionists ? 
  islam has a problem . 
  a * very * severe one . 
  normally it would be beyond the bound of polite conversation to say such a thing , but your co-religionists have forced the issue by targeting civilians . 
  and where are the people in your mosque on things like this ? 
  why do n't we see more condemnation ? 
  muslims of europe should be very , very vocal . 
  they should scream to the heavens and unite with non-muslims , including non-israeli jews , to denounce all forms of intolerance . 
  what 's more , your co-religionists have presented us with a perversion of the battle that western civilisation fought so hard to win last century . 
  now , policymakers do n't know how to address a legitimate threat coming from a religious community out of fear that the tragedy of the holocaust - a tragedy that many of your co-religionists claim to be a fiction - would be faintly echoed . 
  and when your co-religionists promote islam as universally applicable - despite many of us actively disliking the contents of that faith and wanting no part of it - the faith is indistinguishable from the other great cancer of the 20th century : fascism . 
  why do you think the u.s. has pivoted towards iran ? 
  an important one is that absolutely everybody knows that ksa has been sponsoring the spread of wahhabi fundamentalism in the sunni muslim world for decades . 
  one estimate places spending over the four decades from 1970 to 2010 at $ 100 billion . 
  there 's nothing we can do while they hold significant price-setting power over the global price of oil . 
  now that the us has become the world 's largest producer of petroleum and iran is set to rejoin the international community - along with a variety of other factors - there 's a chance to manoeuvre into a position that allows us to challenge them on that . 
  the problem is that the current regime in ksa has to be preserved or else there 's a chance that extremists ( read : isis or their sympathisers ) will eventually manage to take the kingdom . 
  then we 'd be in for a disaster of biblical proportions , as peter venkman would say . 
  edit : fixed poor wording, 
  the reason we 're talking about it is because it is part of a larger trend . 
  people are anxious about the migrant issue and responses like this provide a clear indication that government attitudes towards the migrant issue are sometimes * grossly * out of step with the people they represent . 
  a reasonable person willing to give this person the benefit of the doubt , such as yourself , should be especially concerned about this kind of thing . 
  this kind of tone deaf , moronic answer to a straightforward issue feeds into right-wing sentiment that could contribute to people like donald trump being elected ( such as in my country ) . 
  and one does n't need to be a master politician to solve this issue . 
  never once in that heated exchange does the mayor say `` well , this is a problem imposed upon us by the federal government and we need to live with it . 
  do n't like it ? 
  take it up with merkle . '', 
  how hard is that ? 
  problem solved . 
  then you can reasonably tell people to stay clear of the compound because that 's the only reasonable advice that the local government can provide . 
  but the responses like `` do n't provoke '' them ? 
  that is an unimaginably stupid thing to say regardless of what kind of pressure the guy was under . 
  and , yeah . 
  if he ca n't handle that pressure , maybe mayor is n't the job for him . 
   i do n't subscribe to your notion that i need to present you some possible explanation to argue that there could be one . 
  yes , maybe , but the exchange is straightforward . 
  i do n't need to see the agenda for the meeting to understand a particular exchange within it . 
  as to my passing judgement on his career , where did i say that ? 
  maybe you should pay closer attention to which comment you 're responding to . 
  my general agreement with the other comment does not imply total agreement . 
  i do n't see this video as concrete evidence that the man should be booted from office , but even you must recognise that it looks * very * bad . 
  by the way , the issue of bad neighbourhoods is one that is endemic to society . 
  social failure is the root cause of poverty and crime . 
  not so in this case , at least not in any immediate sort of way . 
  in this case , the bad neighbourhood is being imposed upon what appears to be an unwilling community * from without * . 
  there is a massive difference . 
  well , let 's look at his comment and see how open it is to interpretation . 
  is there anything left to explain ? 
  he feels that if young women do n't want to be harassed , they should n't even pass the refugee centre . 
  he also implicitly states that women should moderate their dress in response to the migrants . 
  but it 's not like women are loitering around the facility wearing revealing outfits in an effort to piss off migrants . 
  the comment was in reference to school children . 
  so , in what way does he need to clarify the response ? 
  what group was he elected to represent ? 
  if the father or mother is anything like me , the barbaric fuck had better dedicate all of his prayers to the hope that he 'll be returned to his homeland . 
  i 'd personally see to it that any man who did that to my son would end up in pieces if ever released out to somewhere i could lay hands on him . 
  it is absolutely true for a lot of immigrants , just not all of them . 
  i never stated that the assumption constitutes a hard and fast law . 
  it 's a rule of thumb . 
  personally , i 'd count immigrants who move to france in order to join ethnic and religious enclaves as an extension of the challenges presented by having migrants and refugees who are unable or unwilling to assimilate .
