there were a lot of politicians and celebrities in this hotel right across the park and one night the police threw gas bombs in the lobby and arrested anybody who came out so people were trapped inside . 
  i think some eu politicians were there that night . 
  and claudia roth was one of them if i remember correctly . 
  but to be fair , people voted for akp so erdo\u011fan can do whatever the fuck he pleases . 
  as long as akp stays in power i ca n't see any progress on turkey 's eu membership bid . 
  they are only frustrated because they ca n't mace , beat and throw in jail all those eu politicians who do n't agree with their sick and twisted definition of democracy and human rights . 
  turkey has a long way to go and it 's getting longer every second erdo\u011fan is the pm . 
  [ okay . 
  ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/jennifer-lawrence-ok-thumbs-up.gif ), 
  maybe you 've been to one of our brothers in middle east and thought they were turkish because we look alike so much . 
  none of these . 
   i have not seen one light turk in real life . 
  there 's your problem . 
  you simply do n't know enough . 
  cheers . 
  really , have n't seen such barbaric behavior from anyone european ? 
  guess you have n't heard about all those turkish immigrants in germany who were killed by neo-nazis ? 
  or never been to a paris metro train ( or a bus terminal ) which smelled like a delicate mixture of human piss and horse shit ? 
  never walked on an overpass near a central train station which smelled like urine and vomit ? 
  people are people , and there are uneducated assholes everywhere . 
  brothers from middle east ? 
  what makes them our `` brothers '' ? 
  turks are `` naturally dark '' ? 
  you know , it saddens me to hear such ignorant comments from an italian person . 
  you of all people should know how different regions in the same country can be radically different ( looking at you , southern italy ) . 
  i hope you eventually decide to open your mind a little and try to learn more on a subject before you voice your opinions about it . 
  yeah those people traveling through balkans are the immigrants , the ones i said were very different than people who live in turkey . 
  am i supposed to believe * all * eu citizens are highly educated and cultured ? 
  oh and i saw a group of italian tourists who were rude and loud and littered everywhere , where can i claim my phd in italian history ? 
  those immigrants all over europe were uneducated , unemployed poor turkish people who could n't find jobs here . 
  my grandparents an my uncles are immigrants in germany , so i know many people in that situation . 
  then they spent the next half-century in the countries they went to , in almost total isolation ( they did n't know the language , the culture etc. ) . 
  they basically kept living how they used to live in their little villages they left . 
  turkey , in the meanwhile , progressed , changed for the better . 
  now those immigrants are outcast and ridiculed both in turkey and wherever they immigrated to . 
  that 's the situation , they do not represent all turkish people . 
  how do you have the audacity to tell me what i am genetically more akin to ? 
  my ancestors just so happen to be from the caucasus region originally . 
  you know the one where the term `` caucasian '' originated from . 
  i 'm not saying all turks are white , i 'm saying it 's much more mixed than you think . 
  darker ones are usually people with kurdish or arabic origins , and yes , most people are as white as any mediterranean person . 
  why do you think turks ca n't be atheists , by the way ? 
  is it a privilege only europeans can have ? 
  i do n't believe in god . 
  my parents are muslim but they are okay with me being an atheist . 
  most of the people i know my age or younger do n't believe in god either . 
  and you guys have to understand that islam in turkey is very , and i ca n't stress this enough , very different than in the middle east . 
  it 's a relatively chill , pick-your-favourite-rules-and-ignore-the-rest kinda religion . 
  that 's why drinking alcohol is no big deal but when you wan na eat pork it 's a big no-no , for instance . 
  the way i see it , most europeans have negative thoughts about turks because of what the ottomans did . 
  i ca n't argue that they did n't do anything horrible , but keep in mind nothing that horrible is ever one-sided . 
  if brutal raping and enslaving would make you non-european , then all the greatest nations in europe are not european either . 
  you do n't get to become a world power without violence . 
  i know all of you want to confirm your prejudices and your racist views by picking out a few bad examples and generalize it to a whole country but it 's just not right . 
  i do n't know where your knowledge on turkey comes from , but as someone who 's lived in turkey his whole life and also spent some time living and travelling in europe , i can tell you we are not that different . 
  whether you realize it or not , you come off a bit racist and you sound like you do believe europe is an elitist white club where only christians are allowed . 
  my understanding of europe and european culture has less to do with race , alcohol consumption and artifical geographic boundaries and more with democracy , human rights , history , social values , culture . 
  sure , turkey has a looong way to meet certain criteria ( especially on human rights , free speech and democracy ) to be an eu member , no sane person would deny that , but so does many of the new members of the eu . 
  turkey is n't worse off or less european than some of those countries . 
  i honestly do n't care if i would be classified as european , asian , eurasian , middle eastern etc. 
  it is just a label afterall , my life would be the same . 
  but i have lurked around this subreddit long enough to realize there is a strong hate towards turkey , basically because people are misinformed about a lot of things and have a very different perspective that does n't represent the truth . 
  i just do n't think it 's fair to judge a country and its citizens like this when you have little to no knowledge about them whatsoever . 
  well , good night then !, 
  maybe you do n't , but that `` vast majority of europeans '' , especially those who live in major urban areas probably do . 
  i do n't see how i could convince you that turkey is a european country through replying to your comment . 
  basically because i am not certain what your definition of european is . 
  okay , turkey 's population is mostly muslim but also secular . 
  turkey is as much a muslim country as france is a christian country . 
  religion does n't play a huge role in people 's lives , most people do n't practice religion ; they do n't pray 5 times a day , they drink alcohol , have sex before marriage etc. 
  throughout the history , turkey ( and the ottomans ) always had more relations with european countries than with anyone else . 
  turkey has more in common with southern/eastern europe than with middle east . 
  by that i mean historical connections , physical appearance , social values , family structure , world-views etc. 
  and it 's not like every single country in europe have so much in common . 
  turkey has more in common with , say , italy than bulgaria has with sweeden , for instance . 
  edit : you said turks were n't white in another comment . 
  the word `` turk '' does n't refer to a race , but to a nation . 
  turks come in many colors and shapes thanks to various ottoman conquests around middle east , africa and europe . 
  add the fact that turks are originally from central asia and you have yourself a very mixed genetic pool . 
  so you think turkish and greek cypriots are that different ? 
  somehow i think your definition of `` european '' is synonymous with `` christian '' . 
  i believe that 's because you do n't know much about the country . 
  worse part is you think you do probably because there are turkish immigrants around you . 
  you seemed to know enough to call them european just 10 minutes before this comment . 
   we satisfy most of the main qualifiers of being european . 
  turkey and the kurds do n't . 
   cypriots are european , ergo cypriot news can stay . 
  it 's obvious you do n't know much about turks or turkey either ... 
  that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  okay then . 
  you 're way off with rak\u0131 as well . 
  so what ? 
  because a bulgarian doctor identified and named one of the several bacteria used for producing yogurt `` bulgaricus '' , it 's a bulgarian thing ? 
  and how is a newly coined term in modern bulgarian is proof that they 've had it for a long time ? 
  why did n't they call it that from the start then ? 
  do you know which language the word `` yo\u011furt '' comes from and what it means ? 
  do you know what are the oldest historical records where yo\u011furt is mentioned ? 
  land of yogurt ? 
  i beg to differ . 
  migros,
