i have no idea why people are surprised that europe is sometimes referred to collectively . 
  half the countries on the continent are members of a supranational political and economic union . 
  by the way , higher education can at least be generalized in europe . 
  most eu countries have adopted the bologna process . 
  we can debate the validity of the complaint all we want , but i was pointing out how typical it is that a brit was making it . 
  the british have always separated themselves from the continent . 
  your mexico analogy is flawed by the way . 
  as others have said in this thread , when foreigners travel in europe , it 's usually through more than one country . 
  not to mention that north america is much larger than europe with less developed continent-crossing infrastructure . 
  it 's much more difficult to tour north america than it is to tour europe . 
  it 's just typical . 
  britons are notoriously euroskeptic . 
  obviously a brit is complaining about this . 
  the sounders , really ? 
  i 'm a red bulls fan , but i 'd have to send sporting kansas city . 
   irish republicunts because wanting ethnic nationalist unity for one 's own countrymen makes you a cunt . 
  interesting take . 
  exactly what are you arguing here ? 
  that the irish are too stupid to achieve self-determination without british rule ? 
  that their culture is somehow flawed ? 
  you sound like a bigot who ca n't cope with the decline of his own country . 
  take a hike , you fucking chav . 
  edit : typos . 
  i 'll concede that -- ni and scotland do seem to sway toward remaining in the uk , but consider why . 
  northern ireland 's demography is made up of nearly 50 % protestant ( i.e. 
  tories ) , and scotland would face ruin if independent . 
  this does not change the fact that the british empire is less than a shadow of its former grandeur and that ireland ( which was `` owned '' by the british , as you put it ) has done well as a republic in some respects . 
  and completely off-topic , you seem to know nothing about the american civil war or the confederate states of america . 
  it was n't a conflict born out of union aggression but rather a slow burn of violent skirmishes over slavery across new states like kansas which exploded into the rebellion of south carolina in 1861 which then spread throughout the south . 
  the csa declared war on the union , buddy . 
  just like india , and rhodesia , and the american colonies , and the countless other entities which constitute the meaningless commonwealth but are de facto independent of british rule . 
  indeed . 
  lots of british subjugation of ireland happening today . 
  maybe save your arrogance until you 've got scotland under control . 
  you personally were involved in ireland being `` owned '' ? 
  impressive , you must be very old . 
  it was n't the right shape , i know . 
  a couple of people suggested using a smaller pan . 
  it tasted pretty good though . 
  what a shame . 
  i 've heard that there 's a real shortage of bohemians there , so you would have been sorely needed . 
   implying you ca n't make friends without moving across the globe  implying that suburbs with identical homes do n't exist in europe  implying that you ca n't get a graduate degree in neuroscience in the united states  implying that restaurants are not successful in the united states  implying that other educational options do n't exist in the united states  implying that there are no cities in the united states ( like nyc , for example ) with efficient public transit  implying that it is impossible to learn another language in the united states those are some good reasons hahahaha . 
   very negative american attitude toward change i 've got no problem with change , as long as it 's introduced to children responsibly and for some sort of goddamned reason other than `` mommy and daddy want to be bohemians in europe lolz . '', 
  no problem . 
  this article talks about negative effects on children 's education after a move abroad : http://www.expatinfodesk.com/blog/2010/04/07/special-report-changing-schools-the-impact-of-expat-life-on-learning/ and this one covers what they call expat child syndrome . 
  scroll down to the section on that : http://singapore.xpatxperience.com/before_you_move/downsides_of_living_overseas.shtml i googled these in four seconds , something you apparently failed to do . 
  since you brought it up , now i 'm interested -- what are you planning to do as bohemians in enlightened europe ? 
  i 'm happy that traveling a lot during childhood was a good experience for you and your acquaintances . 
  for some people this can be enriching and truly eye-opening , i agree . 
  consider , though , that fukenhippie 's children are toddlers . 
  toddlers need stability and constancy to develop normally emotionally . 
  it 's simply ignorant to say that there are no detriments to a rootless existence for children that young . 
  you ca n't deny that it 's a bit selfish that fukenhippie wants to forsake the lives that his/her children have built/experienced so critically in the us so that he/she can gallivant on a `` bohemian '' european adventure . 
  not to mention the fact that children do n't typically fit into the typical `` bohemian '' lifestyle . 
  it 's always easier to `` live life '' and pretend to be bohemian when you 've got a trust fund , eh , fukenhippie ? 
  whatever you say . 
  good luck to your children as they 're torn away from everything familiar to them to live in an intimidating foreign culture about which they 'll know nothing . 
  no one asks for advice on `` bohemian '' cities in europe if they 're planning on moving for a job or something practical . 
  since the only thing stopping you from living in san francisco is that it 's `` nasty , '' you 're obviously filthy rich and are chasing the dream of exciting , sophisticated european living at the expense of your children . 
  see how you 're welcomed in whichever hard luck country you adopt by the natives living paycheck-to-paycheck while you 're imitating henry miller . 
  it must be nice to have the resources to uproot your children in their fragile stage of development and drag them to europe away from everything that they know so that you can live a faux `` bohemian '' lifestyle with your padded bank account . 
  good rebuttal . 
  you 're forgetting that smoking is annoyingly oppressive and harmful to the health of people around you . 
  these anti-smoking measures do n't even come close to really checking the arrogance and selfishness of smokers . 
  i forgot . 
  the only officially sanctioned opinion allowed on r/europe is `` wow , immigration is great !, 
  look at all these ignorant unskilled laborers breeding like rodents and refusing to integrate !, 
  so much better than european culture ! '', 
  there is n't anything `` vague '' about ethnicity . 
  either you belong to an ethnic group or you do n't . 
  maghrebi and sub-saharan immigrants are clearly not ethnically french because they are not descended from gauls , franks , etc. 
  having french citizenship does n't make someone part of the french ethnic group . 
  disgraceful . 
  this is what those boys in the raf died in the battle of britian for ? 
  to see their country willingly invaded with third world hordes who dilute their culture and fornicate with their women ? 
  not ethnically . 
   there are many other interpretations . 
  than why not go with the common societal interpretation ? 
  if you ask most common people , they identify races as white ( european ) , black ( sub-saharan african ) , south asian , east asian , amerindian , etc. 
  i 'm not endorsing any kind of discrimination or playing the apologist for xenophobia . 
  i do , however , think that racism is a term thrown around too commonly and too easily to discredit people who are opposed to multiculturalism ( multicultural does not always equal multiracial ) . 
  it 's easy to make statements which may be construed as `` culturalist , '' such as : `` i do n't really like indian food , '' or `` i just prefer western art . '', 
  these statements are not inherently racist , but just represent a cultural bias . 
  i think what people in this thread and others object to is roma culture and the irresponsibility , ignorance and crime it seems to engender , regardless of their genetic origin . 
  xenophobia or ethnocentrism maybe , but how is it racism ? 
  european peoples are generally considered to be of the same race -- white . 
  perhaps you 're confusing ethnicity with race . 
   my point is that `` culturalism '' almost ca n't exist independent of `` racism '' . 
  if a frenchman is prejudiced against german culture , this is clearly `` culturalism '' and not `` racism , '' as there is no race difference here . 
  `` culturalism '' can exist within racial groups and thus does not entail `` racism . '', 
  it gets thrown around a bit in our media . 
  i 've never seen any concrete evidence of its existence though . 
   i wonder how the germans did n't look more like americans . 
  of course germans look like americans !, 
  eighty million german-americans in the u.s. of course this is what you meant , right ? 
  well for one thing it 's a made up word that no one uses outside of a gender studies class . 
  it 's just terribly pretentious sounding . 
   gender-nonstereotypical wow . 
  i was talking about this with a friend of mine not long ago . 
  we live 6 miles from each other and often enjoy seeing how many pounds things weigh .
