  interesting five year discrepancy in the otherwise uninterrupted 800 year old danish flag design . 
  i agree that christian fundamentalists are dangerous and insane , but they 'll never accrue the sort of political power that the taliban had . 
  rational people in this country far outnumber them . 
  but still , it 's unfair to compare them to a regime which stones and throws acid into the faces of adulterous women , executes homosexuals , beats women for not being veiled or being in public without a man , etc. 
  though , at your base argument , i agree that they 're anti-secular and ridiculous . 
   christian taliban a bit heavy handed , would n't you say ? 
  i have n't heard of any christians attempting to murder little girls for advocating education for their gender in the us . 
  do n't you think this is a slippery slope though ? 
  outlawing religion completely is a serious affront to personal freedom . 
  what are we arguing here ? 
  several things caused the civil war , slavery most prominent among them . 
  however calling it a war fought over slavery alone is erroneous . 
  `` do n't mention '' it ? 
  i merely observed that the american civil war was a dispute over states ' rights , slavery among them , not simply slavery alone . 
  uat2d was oversimplifying a complex conflict and i corrected him/her . 
   civil war over slavery this is a painfully common oversimplification . 
  states ' rights , my friend . 
  i 'm in complete agreement with you . 
  i think nationalism is a healthy principle for people in any country , and is an important factor in building a community identity . 
  my point in calling out desullen was that this particular incidence had nothing to do with nationalism . 
  no frenchmen were up in arms because people had stepped on a projection of the tricolor . 
  and no one was attacking the protesters because they were n't french . 
  it all has to do with religious zeal which has no place in a secular country like france . 
  i would also point out to desullen that racism is n't the issue here either , as muslims are not a race . 
  what 's wrong with nationalism ? 
  the problem i see with basque and catalan separatism is that , indeed , these are among the wealthiest and most industrialized communities in spain . 
  as such , there 's been much migration from other parts of spain to these areas . 
  what 're the sizable populations of catalonia and the basque country who identify as spanish or castillian supposed to do ? 
  i feel that communities like galicia , since they are mostly homogeneous , have stronger unified nationalistic sentiment , if not the economic motive to secede . 
  not to mention similar movements within spain itself , e.g. 
  galicia , balearic islands , basque country . 
  still , it was nearly a millennium ago . 
  islamic law and traditions are still in the dark ages . 
  nonwhite immigrants to europe tend to go to countries which used to have imperial power over their own . 
  thus , indians , pakistanis , and black caribbean people go to britain , algerians and black africans go to france , moroccans and latin americans go to spain , etc. 
  like fasda said below , many of the turks in germany originated from the guest worker program in the seventies . 
  they 're not fleeing from anything . 
  many iraqis and kurds in the nordic countries fled from pre-us invasion saddam 's iraq . 
   learn from our mistakes . 
  indeed . 
  would n't want the european parliament turning into congress . 
  i notice that you 're merely insulting me and other americans who are n't enlightened enough or do n't have the means to abandon their own country . 
  you have n't addressed any of my reasonable responses to why this style of welfare is unfit for the us and what could be done . 
  i guess it 's more satisfying to dismiss me as ignorant . 
  i 'm sure you 'll fit right in overseas . 
   developed ( i use that word loosely ) country lol . 
  the u.s. pioneered railroads , electrical grids , the automobile , etc. 
  you missed the part where i said i agreed with you that americans should have adequate social welfare programs . 
  i 'm not for `` privatized small government '' or anything of the sort . 
  my argument is that until the u.s. loses a couple hundred million citizens , there is no way that any social welfare programs will work properly for the entire population . 
  at the very least , we would need to lose the 12 million illegal non-tax-paying leeches which are currently using every possible social service available . 
  next , there 'd have to be greater autonomy granted at the state level to manage these programs , as it is simply too big of a job for the federal government . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't invest in infrastructure and social protections . 
  of course we should !, 
  defense spending should go down , medicaid and medicare spending should go up . 
  that 's obvious . 
  all i was saying , and quite reasonably in my opinion , that the nordic style social welfare model ( which , by default , is based on populations of only a few million ) is not feasible here , in any way i can imagine . 
  you can be stubborn all you want when you 're living somewhere else then . 
  `` lulz stupid americunts . 
  so glad i got out lol . 
  its full of dumb people unlike me . '', 
  then we agree that a country without violent social unrest and a quarter of the workforce unemployed is not `` complete shit . '', 
  great . 
  you 'll notice that the countries which you listed ( save for germany , perhaps ) all have tiny populations in comparison to that of the us . 
  it is simply unfeasible for a country of our size to provide universal social welfare , as much as the population does deserve it . 
  this is especially true when there are 12 million illegal immigrants living in the us who do n't pay taxes ... yet use emergency rooms and send their children to public schools ( this is what effectively bankrupted california ) . 
  i agree that the taxes for the richest among us should be higher and that congress should keep its filthy hands off of medicare , medicaid , and social security . 
  what i do n't agree on , however , is that nordic style social welfare could work in this country . 
  we are just too big and it would drive too much business away and take away the incentive for some people to work at all . 
   america is complete shit . 
  tell me how you really feel . 
  depends on your definition of complete shit . 
  lack of violent social unrest and a quarter of the working population not unemployed does n't sound like complete shit to me . 
  sure , just look at spain 's and greece 's examples . 
  wonderful quality of life !, 
  english is the native language of nearly 90 percent of americans . 
  spanish usage typically expires by the second generation of most hispanic immigrants . 
  net migration from central america to the us is now almost zero as illegals are now returning southward . 
  i do n't see how this has anything to do with turks in germany . 
  see how you feel in fifty years when turkish is the common language in germany . 
   slow down a bit , you start showing your racist side . 
  i 'm confused as to how pointing out that groups like jews or blacks are ethnic or racial identities . 
  this is empirical fact . 
   christianity is bad , you need to renounce it , because it would cause another holocaust . 
  they obviously do n't teach very much about the holocaust in germany , because it was in no way based on christian scripture or theology . 
  it was based on racial ideologies of germanic superiority coupled with eugenics and world war i scapegoating . 
  hitler was not even a christian . 
  if you really want to play that game , maybe you should know that [ hitler had a pretty high opinion of islam . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religious_views_of_adolf_hitler#islam_and_eastern_religions ), 
  your analogies are hopelessly puzzling . 
  the kkk is an organized hate group which has in the past committed terrorist acts . 
  they targeted people just because they were black , jewish , catholic , etc. 
  no one here is advocating that kind of violence toward muslims , who , unlike jews or blacks , do n't have a unitary racial or ethnic identity . 
  we are merely criticizing what we see as a backward belief system which is poisoning contemporary europe with its subjugation of women , honor killings , and clear and unabashed hatred toward `` infidels '' ( i.e. 
  everybody ) . 
  calling people who bring up these issues are constantly called vicious racists because apparently taking anyone to task who does n't look like you makes you an ignorant bigot . 
  racist ? 
  as far as i 'm reading , he 's ( accurately ) admonishing adherents of a religion , not members of a specific race . 
  reading comprehension is useful sometimes . 
  resorting to insults has convinced me of your intelligence .
