paywall , please repost without us having to sign up . 
  to be fair the place is rather big , but i 'd love to see it some day without scaffolding , along with everyone else under 30 years of age . 
  i always counted tires when going through belgium . 
  if i was any good administratively and kept counting till today it would surely be in the lower thousands . 
  yeah , everyone says it 's the world 's only fully lit highway network , but anywhere i 'm going it 's usually only lit around built-up areas/cities . 
  where was the other pic taken ? 
  seems a bit barren for romania but perhaps i 've only been in lush areas . 
  hehe , 
  so the square at victoria is actually named after this guy ? 
  they see me lollin ' , they hatin ', 
  this is something for / r/trams , 
  yea , -20 is no walk in the park but a good coat goes a long way !, 
  it 's actually better to take a bike in those circumstances . 
  also sounds a bit like the dutch ` proberen ' , which means ` to try ' . 
  we have that in den haag as well ; htm ( city trams and buses ) , ret ( metro to rotterdam ) , veolia ( suburbs buses ) , connexxion ( regional buses ) and ns ( trains ) . 
  you can also divide htm into different formulas : their normal htm trams , the htmbuzz for buses ( which is a merger between htm and qbuzz ) , and randstadrail ( a brand used by htm and ret ) with another new formula ( r-net ) on it 's way . 
  and i have n't even talked about the ridiculously complicated concession system the netherlands uses , with private companies competing for a license to exploit bus lines or local train lines in a certain region . 
  we have at least 20 different public transport companies . 
  you belgians have it easy !, 
  they 're awesome . 
  they rarely break down and when they do they can be fixed with nothing but a hammer . 
  also i prefer a draft from open windows in the summer to a barely-functioning airconditioning most of these new buses have . 
  sounds like berlin actually . 
  those hop-on hop-off buses are everywhere in europe , and they 're annoying as fuck . 
  i 've never used them and never will , local public transit is always better !, 
  they 've mostly been closed when i used them unfortunately . 
  also from experience the airconditioning has massive problems coping with the crowds for the past week , it 's way hotter in these boris-buses than in the other models . 
  too bad , because the design is awesome !, 
  that made me laugh , 
  i get the point and i 'm familiar with the history , but i disagree , you still should n't name a city after a man with 20000000 deaths on his name ( count those zeroes ) . 
  yea , but calling the place ` stalin city ' is a bit much , do n't you think ? 
  i 'm sure there 's already a battle of stalingrad monument somewhere and probably more than one . 
  seems enough . 
  wait , they 're going to rename a town back to stalingrad ? 
  do you have a news story ? 
  summers are great for protests !, 
  when trying to checkout :  our online shop is temporarily closed for updates and improvements . 
  please try back later . 
  bugger . 
  :( excellent tip on the wodka though , you can alway trust a finn on drinks recommendations , 
  holy crap , where can i get those ? 
  sounds like amazing candy . 
  or chili pepper in dutch . 
  language is a beautiful thing !, 
  [ counterintuitive ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/counterintuitive ), 
  that 's it probably , it 's just a bit weird to see it in a chart this way . 
  why does this chart say ` britain ' ? 
  i can differentiate the two languages , but i ca n't speak them unfortunately . 
  been there once during the weekend . 
  heard more finnish on the streets than estonian . 
  getting drunk in tallinn is not exactly hardship either . . , 
  here in the hague ( netherlands ) we have a [ statue of stalin in an old phone booth ] ( http://trendbeheer.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/betere-tijden.jpg ) with a table lamp . 
  some people wanted it removed last year , so i 'm not sure it 's still there . 
  i always thought it was sort of funny putting an authoritarian dictator in a police phone booth with ` alarm ' at the top . 
  in context , it 's about 200m from europol , world forum and 1km from the peace palace . 
  in a few weeks time the nuclear security summit will be held there . 
  i think it 's pretty clear now bailouts do n't work and are only driving the economy even further into the ground . 
  i really do n't know what 's going to happen in the next few years but i do know vacations are going to be pretty cheap . 
  it 's hard to put europe under the same umbrella in this case . 
  tap water in my country is excellent ( netherlands ) . 
  poland is usually fine but could be better . 
  the only place where i 've been so far where i exclusively drank bottled water was budapest . 
  the water out of the tap was literally brown . 
  horrible !, 
  or space . 
  that last sentence was a lighthearted joke because sometimes the conversation needs to be put in context of what really matters in life . 
  you 're right , no one cares , but that 's not the point . 
  forgive me for dreaming that for once humanity lives in peace with each other even through indifference or disagreement . 
  i 've lost some good people in my life to account for that opinion . 
  they 're a good way of saving money . 
  i 've been getting back 1 , 2 and 5 cent coins since 2002 and i put all of 'em in a big jar ( last year i had to get a bigger jar ) . 
  this thing is quite heavy now . 
  such commotion . 
  no wonder the balkans are fucked up , even if something looks like one country on a map , there are still 10 different sides to be on , all having flamewars on the internet ( and in real life if this keeps going the way it is ) . 
  for now i will side with julesvernefj because he does n't misuse caps . 
  i 'll be biking to work tonight in a leather jacket actually !, 
  for a moment i thought this was the onion . . 
  yeah , the weather can get very boring up here . 
  5-10 \u02dac , too cold for a t-shirt , too warm for a good coat . 
  full cloud cover so everyone 's depressed and a slight constant drizzle . 
  edit : feel like i 'm complaining about the weather way too much , 
  not even that in the hague . 
  well , farage is still in the european parliament i think . 
  it 's always funny to hear him rant away about how they 're all a bunch of incompetent imbeciles . 
  yea we 'll probably have some snow in february . 
  not looking forward to it since i have to work at night for the coming months . . 
  i guess we got spoiled the last few years with all this early snow . . , 
  scandinavians are badass . 
  well the last 3 or 4 years it has been freezing during christmas , even had snow a couple times in december !, 
  not really cross country , more like cross city then . 
  does stockholm have any infrastructure for skiing to work ? 
   i am torn in my snow preferences . 
  that just sounds funny to me , 
  netherlands here . 
  it 's been way warmer than normal for the last 2 months . 
  we have n't even had snow yet !, 
  this really breaks the trend of cold long winters with lots of snow we had for the past 3 or 4 years . 
  haha , when i was in latvia i thought ` these coins are tiny ! ' . 
  i still have a couple of lats at home , guess i ca n't use them anymore now . 
  i always put away coins under 20c in a box , it 's a very easy way of saving .
