  typically you do n't see any bills larger than $ 50 over here , because that 's the highest bill a typical atm will spit out , and most shops do n't accept anything larger than that because of counterfeiting . 
  do atm 's in latvia spit out $ 100 bills as well ? 
  no 1 and 2 euro coins ? 
  the lowest bill denomination is $ 5 . 
  i thought more countries did that , as i indeed experienced that on vacation in finland as well as in belgium . 
  when coming back from france last summer i do remember having tons of 1 cent coins though . 
  there 's also a move in the usa that tries to get rid of the pennies , as the metal they 're made from is worth more than their face value . 
  if it were up to me we would get rid of them eu-wide !, 
  ps you should get flair as well , 
  just last week the guy in line before me at the albert heijn ( biggest supermarket chain ) got into an argument with the cashier because she would n't take the 1 and 2 cent coins . 
  almost every store rounds to the nearest 5 cents , except for aldi , a budget supermarket chain . 
  as for the .99 cent signs , you still see them everywhere , they just charge you 1.00 . 
  everyone older than 30 still makes comparisons here to the gulden . 
  ` it used to be one gulden , now it 's one euro !, 
  that 's 2,20 guldens ! ', 
  took about 5 years for prices to double . 
  a lot of countries have already phased out the 1 and 2 cent coins in that most shops round to the nearest 5 cents , so that might happen in latvia as well . 
  yep , it reopened a few months ago . 
  it 's pretty nice . 
  maybe in january of february . 
  i do n't think we 'll have any snow this year . 
  last year we had a great year for skating . 
  we 've got hookers and blow . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  got it . 
  yeah , i 'll send a postcard from den haag ( the hague ) . 
  home of many international institutions but also the dutch parliament !, 
  yep , big fan of st. bernardus , i can get it at every better beer shop in the netherlands . 
  and if you know the right places you can buy a bottle of westvleteren in the netherlands at around 7 euros per bottle ( it 's not allowed to resell them but some shops have one or two behind the counter anyways ) . 
  krakow is better . 
  nice . 
  in the netherlands near my home there 's a line of wwii bunkers , along a canal and popular bike/walking route . 
  it would be awesome to convert some of them in restaurants/caf \u00e9s , maybe repurpose one as a small museum . 
  good thing i was only in helsinki for a day , otherwise i would 've been broke . 
  shitty expensive too . 
  except beer . 
  well that rings true almost everywhere . 
  and any government that is different from the norm will be killed by plane crash in belarus . 
  [ which is a cover of this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ypnxbwl9tk ) . 
  anyone near nordkapp up for a swim to cool off ? 
  we had bloody snow last week !, 
  and the volume is better , at least 0,5 liter per serving . 
  in the netherlands they get away with 0,2 liters for 3x the price . 
  i should move . 
  in dutch it 's almost the same . 
  we also know and use the words ` raadhuis ' , ` huisraad ' and ` raden ' with the exact same meaning . 
  uncanny how close languages can be sometimes . 
  of course , 95 % of other lithuanian words do n't ring a bell . 
  at 75 eurocents a pop you ca n't go wrong . 
  i enjoyed \u0160vyturys back in 2011 . 
  really enjoyed the rest of vilnius too , i 'll be back for certain !, 
  there are also some lovely restaurants on that square . 
   there are also mooses ( meese ? ) . 
  the plural of moose is moose . 
  well , it may be justifiable in politics , but not outside . 
  now overlay this map with a map of ` political correctness ' . 
  having been to the occupation museum in riga , i can confirm . 
  you 're right . 
  was trying to make a distinction between russian and czech/polish/slovak . 
  still not sure which one to pick though . 
  like your thinking . 
  seriously , been thinking of learning a slavic language or russian , for fun . 
  i 've been to poland , liked it , but i 'm not learning polish so i can work in the netherlands . 
  you may want to look at evs . 
  yes it 's unpaid work , but it 's in another country and accommodation and food are taken care of . 
  quite right . 
  21 year old here trying to get a job for months now . 
  will accept anything at this point , but most of the easy jobs get filled by poles at the moment . 
  also uplifting . 
  inadvertently read the top section instead of hot on my phone . 
  was astounded by the number of ` reposts ' . 
  white is a colour because it 's the entire spectrum added together . 
  black is n't . 
  source : i did some lighting tech work . 
  ninja edit : just realised i replied to a comment that 's 4 months old . 
  what ? 
  and the rest will be called merkelland . . , 
  very interesting point . 
  same as with russia and chess i guess , it 's embedded in the culture . 
  yea i 'm not sure what 's up with scandinavia . . 
  this is probably related to the fact the romania has the world 's 2nd average highest internet speed , and thus a huge it sector . 
  interesting !, 
  i wish we had that in nl . 
  minimum wage in the netherlands goes up a bit every year in the netherlands , so it is somewhat adjusted for inflation . 
  seriously . 
  ever been to student housing with just guys ? 
  it looks worse than those pictures !, 
  i think this newspaper is just trying to make a point . 
  how about you open a tent factory and then sell them ? 
  those refugees will get greece * out * of a crisis !, 
  good point , this is the situation in holland as well . 
  in fact the police are ` on strike ' which means they are patrolling but they 're not handing out tickets for small offenses . 
  either that or nothing really happens * and these news stories are a great way to give the police and secret services a bigger budget each year . 
  * if something happens it 's usually the public that stands up and stops attacks . 
  i call steaming bullshit . 
  thank you for your constructive criticism . 
  here at the netherlands , we take your feedback very seriously . 
  it 's a good flag !, 
  simple and * sunny * . 
  too similar to what i 'm used to ,
