  to me its quite apparant . 
  nation states in general are a government supported and elected by the people , the system of rules governing this election have formed over a long period of years , many hundreds in most cases . 
  and the majority of people from those countries identify as being a citizen of that nation state . 
  they generally have a common language , largely similar culture and long history . 
  whereas the eu is a relatively short lived institution that has been put in place ( for good reasons ) over a short period of time . 
  so while for example someone french may identify as being european , most likely they will identify as being french first and then european . 
  i doubt that would work . 
  as much as london likes to think the rest of the uk would be sunk without it , the reality is that london needs the uk as much as the uk needs london . 
  i ca n't imagine business going well when they 're are basically a landlocked city . 
  ( excepting the thames , which would be controlled by ruk anyway . ), 
  i want to hear this answered as well . 
  i ca n't imagine their being any real opposition to them joining the eu if they wanted to , so if their deal is so shit ... why do n't they ? 
  yes , we all complain about them in the uk as well . 
  i 'm sure other countries newspapers have the same mix of good and bad that we have as well . 
  from 25 % to 35 % increase in turnout after 15 years is n't brilliant . 
  yeah its slightly positive in that its a higher number , but 35 % is still an incredibly bad figure . 
   this is not made up bullshit but it 's not something inherently bad either , the problem is that it 's very disingenuous how people are playing it up to be such a big problem for all the wrong reasons . 
  the eu integrating more has always been the goal , from the very beginning , if people did n't know that they did n't pay attention . 
  it 's not an area with a right or wrong answer though , i could make arguments for either side if i wished as i 'm sure you could . 
  but as to the latter part about eu integration , maybe it was the long term plan , but i do n't think it was really explained to people what it would entail or how far it would go . 
  my grandparents ( and i know this is not representative of everyone , just a sample ) voted for us to join back in the seventies and are definitely of the opinion that it was n't made clear to them how far integration would go . 
  very nicely put . 
  it really winds me up to see self satisfied smug people from well of affluent areas mocking some of the people who will vote out because of their lack of education , or views on immigration . 
  most of these people come from hugely poor backgrounds and deprived areas and have very little hope of making a good life for them selves . 
  until these people visit and really experience a poor community like that they would n't understand why these people are they way they 're . 
  i agree that its shitty when people refuse to learn the language of the host country . 
  i 've been working french reunion and have had to make a real effort to learn the language , even though i 'll only be here for 2 months , its just a polite thing to do . 
  that said , i think in general expats are a boost for whichever country they go to , they spend their money locally which goes into the local economy , they do n't take a job that a local person could maybe fill ( if willing or able ) and generally do n't post much of a drain on services as most of them return to the uk when they need medical attention . 
  in fairness that 's not exactly what he said . 
  not that the left does n't want to stay in the eu , but that there are no left wing arguments for staying in the eu . 
  most of the arguments are coming down to business and commerce , how it will be easier for businesses and banks to keep making money . 
  which is of course highly relevant , but not normally a priority for a left wing agenda . 
  semantics . 
  we joined and then we had a vote on if we should stay . 
  you 've still not supported your claim about our reasons for joining . 
  yeah that 's exactly why we joined . 
  / s and here was gullible me thinking we joined after a majority vote by the public . 
  up to that point correct . 
  but the eu is talking about commitments way into the future . 
  as i said in a different post , there will be a bill which is only fair , however , it 's negotiable as opinions will differ on what should be paid , and that if investments and payments are being made then we also still need to receive any benefits from those payments that we would have otherwise received . 
   regarding the enforcement comment : no country wants to deal with a country that needs military intervention to honour its part of the deal . 
  so wait , if i understand you correctly , you 're suggesting military intervention if the uk does n't pay what the eu perceives to be the correct bill ? 
  yes i can look at 2000 years of history and learn from it , of course we have to work at it . 
  but you 're implying there is only one way . 
  the eu . 
  all that standing between us and back to regular wars in europe . 
  which imo is completely untrue , its a false equivalence , is australia at war ? 
  new zealand ? 
  the world is a far different place to 2000 years ago , people think differently , back then going to war was an accepted thing , even a good thing in many peoples books , empire building was the norm , half the world was uncivilised . 
  now we have instant communication , easy travel to anywhere on the planet , people do n't want to go to war themselves , that more than any union is what has prevented major wars in europe since ww2 . 
  ( soviet union and nuclear weapons excepting )  that we have a common parliament and yes a common army . 
  now you 're drifting into personal opinion territory . 
  i think the vast majority of most eu populations would disagree with your ` united states of europe ' vision . 
  we 've been down this route before . 
  well that 's funny because the older people in my family voted for us to join . 
  and after seeing what its become they voted for use to leave . 
  its a little worrying that you think the only thing stopping you going to war with your neighbour is that you 're both in the eu . 
  to expect special treatment is unreasonable . 
  to expect fair treatment , well ** most ** people would think that goes without saying . 
  are you reading a different quote ? 
   the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement and then  or , failing that , two years after the notification referred to in paragraph 2 ,, 
   the referendum result was an accident . 
  everybody , including most brexitters believed the uk would stay in the eu that 's a big assumption to make , and it certainly does n't tally with the people i know who voted brexit . 
   i 'm sure theresa may will quickly agree to pay whatever the uk has to pay , to get to the real problem , ie . 
  the future trade deal . 
  i agree that there will be an exit bill which to my mind is only fair . 
  but i think there will be differing opinions about the size of the bill . 
  as the uk wo n't see the benefits of all their expense then they will argue that the bill should be modified to take that into account . 
  the people i work with are generally engineers / boat crews ( and captains ) and civil workers . 
  they all vary in support for the eu ranging from wanting france out too supporting the project . 
  but none of them has shown any inclination to giving up national sovereignty for a use . 
  so a united states of europe by stealth ? 
  essentially desensitising people to the idea . 
  i would n't necessarily call it an irony . 
  there were plenty of people who did want a european empire , first to spring to mind is napoleon . 
  the problem is that with so many powerful countries in europe anyone who started to get too powerful invariably found everyone else allying against them . 
  the reason they turned to the rest of the world was because they were in effect easy pickings compared to the rest of europe . 
  and if its hard to imagine europe uniting to found one country now , imagine how impossible it would have been in the past , no education , no way to communicate instantly around the world , huge differences in governments and cultures . 
  he is a plonker renowned for saying the wrong thing at the wrong time . 
  i would n't read to much into most of the stuff he comes out with . 
  the only people that mention nazis are the headlines and news papers . 
  leaving aside that the independant is fast becoming just click bait and looking it on the merit of what 's written , i think bj in typical idiotic fashion chose the wrong example with which to make his point , but come on . 
  from ` in the manner of some ww2 movie ' the article managed to get ` nazi ' and ` second world war general ' ' . 
  definitely true , but not matter what side of the the debate you 're on , a downvote in no way helps the discussion . 
  a downvote is a way of silencing dissent , get enough of them and then you have to click on the plus just to read whatever comment was downvoted . 
  for me i only downvote comments i feel that are genuinely not attempting to make a point or discuss . 
  examples being the same joke i see at the top of every discussion posted by a different guy , or some derisory remark calculated just to get as many likes as possible , but not actually making a point . 
  getting godwins law out of the way early ? 
  i did actually do a quick google to check before i posted it , but i must have misread / misinterpreted it . 
  either way my first 2 points stand . 
   well verfs talked about security , uk and eu citizens , about not having a dumping nations at our borders , northern ireland ... that should give you some hints . 
  no that 's your interpretation of what he means . 
  i agree with the op on this one , he 's not been all that clear . 
  agree with not wanting to turn into a tax haven , its a race to the bottom , and no one wins . 
  and oceans away means nothing for selling cars , fords sell very well over here and they come from across the atlantic . 
  hopefully that 's the case . 
  i think eventually we 'll come to a good compromise . 
  obviously the eu does n't want to uks deal to be as good as being in the eu ( understandably ) , but on the other hand they do n't want to make it seem as they attempting to punish the uk for leaving as it sends the wrong kind of messages about what the eu is about as well as hurting both sides , albeit more the uk than the eu . 
   perhaps we can also try to get trade deals with other countries ( including russia , yes ) that benefit our economy , as well as the lives of our citizens . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but as a member of the eu , is n't it impossible for you to make your own trade deal with another country ?
