  it makes a lot more sense now !, 
  i do n't think we have a huge amount of europhiles in the uk in general . 
  i think most of the eu voters come at it from a more pragmatic view . 
  i assume by political pressure he meant from inside the bbc . 
  as in company politics . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot and my brain changes bcc to bbc for me oops . 
   the director general of the british chambers of commerce , john longworth , has resigned after ** being suspended ** for saying the uk 's long-term prospects could be `` brighter '' outside the eu . 
  and then :  however , mr ramsbotham said he `` simply did n't believe '' there had been political pressure on mr longworth to resign . 
  scotland would economically struggle a lot more with current oil prices . 
  obviously a decision like that does n't purely boil down to economics . 
  but it might influence a lot of people . 
  there was a survey recently published in the guardian that suggested that eurosceptism in scotland was rather high . 
  that 's just one issue , the main one ? 
  possibly . 
  it all depends who you ask of course , for my grandparents ( who actually voted in at the last referendum ) they 're voting yes because they believe we are losing our sovereignty to the eu . 
  i think this gets blown out of proportion , people refer to atheism like its a choice , like what do you believe in , christianity , islam or aethism . 
  i think it gets framed that way to make it look almost like a religion in itself but its not . 
  i get what you 're saying , being religious does n't mean one is unintelligent . 
  but believing in something despite evidence to the contrary , especially when one is a scientist or intellectual shows a inconstancy . 
  if a scientist who is religious applied the same criteria he would use in science to believe something was true to his religion then he would n't be religious . 
  hence inconsistent . 
  there 's a lot of ` we ' in your post , i wonder who you 're actually referring to ? 
  i 'm fortunate enough to work abroad in europe so i know for the most part your view is an extreme one , and certainly not representative . 
  please re-read what i wrote , i did n't describe the eu as a criminal organisation , i said that the attitude of punishing in someone for wanting to leave is something i 'd expect from a drug cartel , not a democratic union . 
   we want you gone and we want you to fail because quite frankly , you made your selves unlikable . 
  that attitude pretty much sums up everything i hate about your way of thinking . 
  i can understand you wanting us out so you can pursue your own utopian view of what the eu should be , of course i 'm sure even with us out you 'd find someone to blame if that did n't become a reality . 
  but wanting us out just to see us fail ? 
  are you really that small a person ? 
  and as to your last paragraph , wide of the mark again . 
  i like some of what the eu is trying to achieve , and i like a lot of what is has achieved , i do n't like all of it though and i do n't agree with all of it , one size does n't fit all for 28 countries with different histories , languages and cultures . 
  up until i started reading the reddit threads on this i was actually fairly content with the eu status quo and the new deal we got , posts like yours make me actively want to argue for leaving , despite the fact i do n't want to leave , so i guess you 're succeeding in your stated objective . 
  most atheists do n't identify as atheist , religion is a belief people identify with . 
  atheism is a lack of belief , it 's not really something that people even think about . 
  a scientist may be religious . 
  but he certainly does n't apply the same criteria to religion that he does his work . 
  the scientific method . 
  so in some ways the op is right , while they might be intelligent in some parts of his life , he or she are not applying that same criteria to their religion , because if they were then they would not be religious . 
  they 're not consistently applying that intelligence . 
  you clearly are n't spending much time actually following whats going on or you 'd realise that there are a lot of uk politicians and journalists , probably a majority making the case for us to stay . 
  there is no speech for home and speech for abroad , there are lots of different speeches from lots of different people all with varying opinions . 
  if you think leaving the eu is about ` sticking it the rest of you ' then you 'd be totally wrong , people are trying to decide where the best future for their country lies , if you really dislike us as much as that you should be happy for us to leave . 
  you could get on with your ever closer unification plans and maybe without us there you could go ahead with forging the europe that you want without those obstinate british people obstructing your progress . 
  why is hard to see that in a union of 28 member states , their are going to be some significant differences of opinion in what direction it should go in . 
  if we decide that we do n't want to go in the direction its heading , why would you be insulted ? 
  would n't you rather we parted ways now rather than further down the line when it would be even more disruptive ? 
  i think the real reason is n't because you 're upset that we 'd leave , you 're more worried about the eurosceptic elements of your own countries that would be emboldened by such a move , set an example so no one dares leave again . 
  that does n't sound like a democratic union of states , more like the policy of a drug cartel . 
  i was very much voting to stay , but when i see these kinds of attitudes crawling out the woodwork i 'm seriously questioning it . 
  imagine if your employer told you that if you left your job they 'd try and make sure you could never get employed again , because you leaving would hurt their business . 
  that 's basically what you 're saying , it 's a form of bullying . 
  do n't leave our club or we 'll make you pay . 
  do you think other countries do n't make decisions based on their interests ? 
  as i 've said in other posts , i 'm currently voting to stay , but attitudes like yours really show me what i do n't like about the eu . 
  most of the british reactions are just that . 
  reactions to what has been posted . 
  as has been said we just want to do whats in the best interest of our country , if that 's in or out . 
  is it only the uk that has any concessions in the eu ? 
   the uk has been bitching and moaning about the eu since forever , blaming it for everything they did n't like , making scenes and getting concessions at every step . 
  you do n't get to say : `` fuck you !, 
  you 're the devil !, 
  go die in a fire !, 
  we 're gone ! '', 
  and then turn around and say , `` but we 're cool when it comes to the stuff that actually benefits us , right ? '', 
  i get that it 's just hyperbole but its still a gross exaggeration of the situation here . 
  i 'm actually voting to stay in ( as of the moment at least ) but this attitude of ` if you do n't like it , then fuck off ' is a massive put off . 
  we 're all members of the eu , and while i 'm certainly no fan of politicians , if they did n't try and get the best deal for their country then they 'd be remiss . 
  and please do n't talk like the uk is the only country that has a problem with the status quo , maybe we 've been the most vocal , but the idea that we 're the only country that has a problem is as disingenuous as the people in the uk that think every problem can be solved by us leaving . 
  we are n't discussing special treatment . 
  the op implied deliberately dragging out deals in order to hurt the uk . 
  that 's not special treatment , that deliberate punishment for wanting to leave . 
  i always thought i 'd vote to stay , and likely still will , but some of the comments i read from people wanting to punish us for leaving really get my back up . 
  instead of posting convincing reasons to stay , they 're are telling us do n't go ` or else ' , that 's the kind of behavior you expect from a drug cartel . 
  so now if we vote to leave the eu it 's tantamount to bombing your country ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  are we really able to get an independent source though ? 
  i do n't think anyone is neutral in this debate . 
  and i doubt there 'd be much obstruction to people going on holiday in the eu anyway , probably up to ` x ' days with no visa . 
  honestly , i ca n't imagine this plan as feasible apart from as you say for people already living and paying taxes in the eu . 
  https://imgur.com/gallery/iwkad22 england has been invaded many times in their past . 
  you 've been called out by a few people now , stop doubling down . 
   the comment you replied to said defending against foreign forces . 
  feel like i 'm a stuck record here . 
  hitler intended to invade , just because he did n't manage it does n't mean we were n't defending against foreign forces . 
  the comment you replied to said defending against foreign forces . 
  ww2 being the most recent example , but also many times over the years . 
  france and england spent hundreds of years invading each other , with admittedly more success on the british side . 
  some people do n't seem to realise that titanic is an actual word , as well as the name of the ship . 
  i suspect boris was basically high level trolling . 
  actually in some ways i think we 're suffering more because of the uncertainty . 
  everyone knows the plan is to leave , but no one knows on what terms and how it will pan out , this is actually worse than having the concreted facts as people are unwilling to invest or commit based on uncertainty . 
  i agree that sturgeon is a very shrewd politician . 
  and i 'm curious as to how well that would translate to her leadership if scotland did achieve independence . 
   now that the biggest obstacle to progress has removed itself , the eu can finally work on fixing and strengthening policies and institutions . 
  i think its somewhat naive to assume that just because britain has left that all the problems the eu has have been solved . 
  i do n't think the leave camp ever wanted to return to trade wars and actual wars , but reddit does like a dramatic outcome . 
  i 'm not sure the point about people returning to nation states though , people still live in nation states in europe , and i doubt among the actual people ( not the politicians , but the people ) there is much enthusiasm for full federalisation . 
  i think the eastern european countries closest to russia may disagree with you . 
  sure but i think i 'd be right in saying that most of these came because of popular movements , from the people themselves . 
  as opposed to a form of government enforced or chosen for them .
