the very fact that parties have tried to ridicule him and paint him as a bigot it making more people flock to ukip . 
  people see it as a cynical smear campaign by nervous established career politicians . 
  exactly , i 've worked for 4 different companies since the recession started and was only unemployed ( voluntarily , i was travelling ) for 6 months . 
  i 'm pretty sure it really comes down to what you 're trained in / industry you work in , currently work in renewables which is up and coming , and people will always need energy . 
  perhaps . 
  or perhaps you 're misrepresenting it . 
  i 'm of the view of wanting to part of the eu , but not the united state of europe . 
  which it seems sometimes is what everyone else on here wants . 
  ` sacrifice ' the uk ? 
  maybe so but i think a national identity resonates a lot more strongly with people than the city they are from . 
  europe is a big place and i 'm not sure if a one size fits all set of rules and laws is in the best interest of any of the nations in it . 
  ^ and ^ i 'm ^ definitely ^ not ^ driving ^ on ^ the ^ right !, 
  i am proud to be european and british and i actually want the uk to stay in the eu . 
  however i do n't want to be exclusively european and no longer british , if that makes sense ? 
  i think you 'll find everyone in england agrees with your view on university education . 
  as someone living in the north of england i find that we are overlooked as much as you are , but either way if federalisation of the eu continues regardless of if you are in a union with the uk or not , as long as you are in the eu your new found sovereignty will be eroded . 
  i had n't realised that , i assumed the majority party in scotland would still retain power . 
  that said would britain remaining part of the eu make a difference to your yes / no vote ? 
  with alex salmond leading you ? 
  he 'll take every decree from brussels as an affront to scottish sovereignty . 
  and no one really debates if it should have to boil down to those 3 choices . 
   most brits do n't want to be in a federal eu . 
  you 've sidestepped not addressed the actual comment you were replying to . 
  or perhaps not wanting federalisation . 
  since when has wanting to retain your countries sovereignty become so worthy of contempt ? 
  the eu was n't conceived as ` the united states of europe ' it was a free movement and trade pact . 
  its been slipping in the direction of federalisation with no real debate as to if that is the right way to go . 
  ed milliband is an idiot though . 
  not that the rest are much better , but i do laugh when i hear him talk about issues to the everyday uk family , issues he 's clearly never had to face himself . 
  at least cameron is attempting to reform the eu rather than exit it . 
  your making the mistake of equating the viewpoint of a few idiots with everyone in britain . 
  very mature for someone who 's making a comment about the immaturity of us . 
  well 150 years ago napolean was pretty fresh in everyone memory . 
  of course hitler made him seem like a pretty reasonable man . 
   what is wrong with eroding national sovereignty , per se ? 
  a lot of people relate to their heritage , and are proud to be british , just as i 'm sure a lot of people are proud to be american / french / german / dutch * insert other country * if we followed your logic through , why not have a world government ? 
   only convoluted thanks to the many veto opportunities for states we had to put in on the insistence of sovereignty maniacs . 
  gross over simplification , but good way to throw in a loaded remark like ` sovereign maniacs ' ( do they even exist ? ), 
  would that make you a federalist nut job ? 
   that 's the point of having a government , obviously - any government . 
  in your opinion maybe . 
  there are obviously differing views about how much power a government should have , especially in the case of the eu government as it effects more than one country . 
   probably by the way the english media portray 's england 's attitude towards anything that is n't `` british '' , sours the relationship with continental europeans , while their `` by british we mean english '' annoys the rest of the uk . 
  completely untrue , unless the ` english ' media you get is different to mine . 
  but do the other 27 states really want that type of europe ? 
  the rise of rightwing parties across europe would suggest that is n't necessarily what all countries want . 
  francis hollande is on record saying that the eu needs to reduce its role ` where not necessary ' . 
  if you asked the people of the eu if they wanted to be part of a federal super state or ` the united states of eu ' then they 'd probably reject it . 
  its seems like we are being quietly guided towards this . 
  if that is the eus true goal then that needs to be clarified and everyone can make an informed decision . 
  i think the point is the european union we have now is not the one that was envisioned . 
  or if it was envisioned , not by everyone . 
  by grandparents voted to join the eu in the original referendum , they now say they 'd vote to leave . 
  they support the right to free travel and free trade , but not the ` united states of europe ' idea . 
  its far to easy to dismiss concerns and say ` rightfully leave ' but you 're missing the point , most of us want to be part of europe , we just do n't all agree on what type of europe we should be part of . 
   stop thinking only about your own interests and start thinking about european interests . 
  interesting that you use this argument whilst dismissing any concerns we have and basically telling us ` if you do n't like it ... leave ' thats school yard bully tactics . 
   we are fast moving to an area of huge power block that will rule the globe . 
  that sound like a terrible world to live in if i 'm honest . 
  this . 
  and even then the language differences would make it tough to have a cohesive force . 
  you expect the same approach that worked on states that were n't that dissimilar to work on countries that have thousands of years of history and identity . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  european countries are in no way like american states . 
  really they are n't . 
  politicians have been talking about it for some time yes , but the reality on the ground is there is next to no support . 
  while i think its admirable that you would support a federalised us i doubt you 'd get much popular support , most people feel a strong connection with their country . 
  its nationalistic in a way but not necessarily a bad thing . 
  i disagree with staying relevant by federalising , we already cooperate largely on various projects to great success . 
  the eu is already a success the way it is , disregarding outside countries war involving eu countries is now pretty much unthinkable . 
  we 're too connected . 
  i think the eu with its current kind of role is good , it just needs tweaking . 
  free trade and free travel . 
  i do n't want my country with a long history and culture to be absorbed into a bigger entity . 
  and i 'm sure most other europeans feel the same way . 
   europe needs to get over its lingering nationalist tendencies and federalize yeah now you just sound uninformed . 
  i 'm fed up of this whole ` well it works for us in the usa ' bullshit . 
  we 're talking about different countries with different languages , cultures , ways of working , different wants and needs . 
  i might as well turn around and ask you when you plan to federalise with canada , mexico and every country in south america . 
  and america is once of the most nationalistic countries out there , thats just the pot calling the kettle black . 
  not quite sure what you mean by that , he 's abusing his charisma because he does n't follow your political views ? 
  surely if they leave the monetary union they print money to pay the debts , which is why the eurozone is keen for it not to happen ? 
  the average person in most economies took advantage of cheap mortgages on houses they could n't afford . 
  we still blamed bankers and not them for the crisis . 
  regardless though , we are where we are , and without debt relief greece will never pay off its debt . 
  a debt ` haircut ' was never offered . 
  its good for countries that export a lot like germany . 
  maybe less good for the ones that have to buy stuff in like greece . 
  i doubt they 're enough to support whole families . 
  its more likely that with the state of the economy that the person with a pension is literally the only person earning anything . 
  you say they . 
  but as ever the ordinary person on the street had nothing to do with falsifying statistics . 
  they 're welcome to an opinion , and welcome to say it . 
  what i 'm saying is that if he thinks by saying it then he will sway opinion , its more likely to be the opposite . 
  i think the best thing obama can do to support the stay campaign is to keep any ` very candid ' views to himself . 
  the best thing he could do for the stay together campaign would be to stay quiet about it . 
  lets say a head of state from another country came in with a ` candid view ' on how you guys should vote in a referendum or for president . 
  you 'd ( quite rightly ) tell them its none of their business , people do n't like to feel they 're being pushed into a decision by others . 
  that awkward moment when you preempt the shills and they pull a no show !, 
  i just read the whole article substituting bcc for bbc .
