they should start burning that dutch weed and chill a bit, 
  yes , it should be mandatory for all companies to submit all information about their lobbying . 
  i wonder why something so crucial to the transparency register is optional . 
  exactly this is the problem . 
  did you deliberately quote this out of context or did you simply not read varoufakis post ? 
  he points out that leaving the eurozone would be a disaster and not a solution . 
  that 's how hitler became a dictator . 
  i always have to post this when i read about baltic song festivals http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxxwx3ipihi&amp;t=1m12s, 
  i think it means that kaczy\u0144ski is acting like a military dictator towards the media in order to control the opinion of the polish people . 
  well , your current government just hired an american ` think tank ' mckinsey to figure the best way to send 350.000 denied asylum seekers back to their homeland ( after they went through the bureaucratic application process ) . 
  so at least they try to do something . 
  do n't waste your vote on racist, 
  mhh , i think many are overestimating russia . 
  ukraine is a totally different story than the baltic states . 
  first of all russia had/has a military base right from the get go on crimea so that was kinda easy to take over second of all there is still a war for easter ukraine going on . 
  the question is why russia with all its military might has n't conquered ukraine yet ? 
  ukraine is n't in the nato or even the eu no one would contractualy be required to come in and defend it . 
  so what is stopping russia ? 
  in today 's globalised world an all out war with another country does n't make it viable . 
  russia is n't even officially in war with the ukraine and the ordinary russia citizen already feel the restrictions in their way of life in the form of sanctions . 
  today 's wars are fought in the form of soft power in order to influence publics opinion . 
  the baltic should worry more about the software rather than about the hardware . 
  meaning that there is a information war going on right now even here on reddit to influence your opinion . 
   project pain is about protecting the eu from arsonists elsewhere and about helping british democracy reinvent itself . 
  were the latter to happen this story would have at least something of a happy ending , and we could look back on it perhaps not as project pain but as project tough love . 
  this is my biggest concern . 
  once right wing extremist start targeting muslims all hell will brake lose . 
  that is the goal of all these terrorist attacks after all . 
  it will become a `` us versus them '' mentality in europe and the life of all citizens will be very unpleasant to say the least . 
  this video makes it look interesting . 
  lots of things to do https://youtu.be/fffxwcooqxi, 
  still there would be 750 million people who do n't . 
  that is such a massive number . 
  like all citizens of the european continent !, 
  my bad . 
  i was under the impression that it was a chinese company . 
  turns out that they only decided to release their next smartphone on the chinese market first . 
  there is a high chance for that to happen . 
  krafts assets is 3 times higher than unilevers . 
  3g-capital knows how to play the game . 
  they were the guys behind abinbev after all, 
  yeah , kinda like the nokia brand name and their new ~ ~ chinese ~ ~ owners . 
  it already happened in the bigger cities along the coast area . 
  they focus to shift that land inwards now . 
  well , more like transforming an abandoned poor city state into a country that rivals many countries in the top 10 of several statistics ( education , science , etc ), 
  the worst part was that all companies who wanted access to the market were forced to open joint ventures which was basically a forced transfer of technology know-how to chinoa . 
  french , german , canadian and japanese train designs and technologies are all over china now and nationalised . 
  they even have the audacity to undercut companies from those countries in other world markets . 
  jokes on you . 
  philips tv part is already chinese . 
  they already own the complete market in the budget smartphone area and are rapidly moving up into the premium segment . 
  they even outclass some western companies . 
  dji leads the drone market in technology advances . 
  china is becoming a never before seen powerhouse economic wise . 
  the worst thing you could do is underestimating them . 
  chinas population is larger than all of america and continental eu combined !!!, 
  now imagine their economy transforming into a consumer based economy ... almost 1.4 billion consumers !!!, 
  papi it 's business time, 
  depends f they need to import anything from other countries . 
  glass for the bottles , glue for the stickers or barrels for example, 
  i recommend reading this interesting article http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-26515129, 
  ah yes bravo , voting against subsidies and access to a big market because of `` sovereignty '' . 
  got ta show it to those bureaucrats in brussels , right . 
  hahaha ... how dare them allowing people from all over the continent to settle on our precious land and work on our fields for less money . 
  we the citizens of the once glorious empire do n't want to mingle with them filthy folks with their sharing , regulations and accusations . 
  you wo n't be governing yourself . 
  you will be governed but without someone to protect you because you are alone now . 
  sad really . 
  the sad part is that their decision was based on lies . 
  to compete in what ? 
  building cars or machines ? 
  selling olives or cheese ? 
  should n't you be in the same business in order to compete ? 
  the european conglomerate, 
  got ta give it to them . 
  that location is baller af, 
  i 'm more worried about may 's visit to turkey right after her talks with trump . 
  they could use turkey to put pressure on the eu with the looming refugees in order to get the upper hand in negotiations or simply to destabilise europe . 
  germanys population was nearly 10 times larger though, 
  well , they 're spending 35 billions on the military . 
  all that whining is about `` only '' using 1.2 % instead of 2 % of their gdp for military purposes . 
  http://m.bild.de/bild-plus/politik/ausland/donald-trump/das-grosse-bild-interview-49790140,view=conversiontologin.bildmobile.html it 's behind a paywall though here 's a video about the interview sans the interview http://m.bild.de/politik/ausland/donald-trump/so-lief-das-interview-49789594.bildmobile.html can someone translate this ? 
   in the us , there 's no tradition of ( non civilian militia ) para military forces being anywhere near civilians ...  ... 
  doing that in the us would be impossible with our culture . 
  we would see it as part of an encroaching police state and large protests would be formed . 
  who needs the military when you have this http://blogs.reuters.com/photo/files/2011/09/mdf489180.jpg, 
  she knew that the crisis was coming but underestimated the propotions http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3200641/dealing-migrants-bigger-challenge-europe-greek-debt-crisis-warns-angela-merkel-says-attacks-refugees-unworthy-germany.html  the 61-year-old christian democratic union leader warned that waves of refugees and economic migrants would ` preoccupy europe much , much more than the issue of greece and the stability of the euro ' . 
   the issue of asylum could be the next major european project , in which we show whether we are really able to take joint action , ' she told zdf public television . 
  http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_67655.htm ? 
  read and learn , buddy . 
  you seem to have misunderstood or read somewhere some misinformation about the nato . 
  that 's unwarranted fear mongering . 
  taking crimea as an example of russian willingness to invade other countries is not comparable . 
  many seem to simply have forgotten or do not know that russia had and still has one of their biggest military bases in crimea . 
  they simply walked out of their base and declared it russian without bloodshed . 
  this is different in comparison to invading a country . 
  also why should they ? 
  crimea is a crucial strategic location for russia the baltic states are not ( they have kaliningrad after all ) . 
  invading them would cause unnecessary problems . 
  they focus more on political influence to shape policies into their favour .
