do any redditors ever got lost in a forest and simply resolved it by walking for a few hours in a random direction and finding a settlement ? 
  funnily enough this happened to me today while riding my bicycle . 
  i love being outside of the city , and went to a forest approximately 60 km from home . 
  i got completely lost in the forest and when i thought i found back to civilization , it turned out to be an asylum for the insane in the woods . 
  i was pretty creeped out but found my way back home after 2 hours . 
  i do n't think movies and music are comparable in that way . 
  it 's not required to understand the lyrics to enjoy the music , while it is almost impossible to understand a movie without knowing the language . 
  i think that reading subtitles takes a lot away from the experience . 
  i , for one , really like dubbed movies . 
  if i have to read subtitles , i ca n't focus on what 's happening that much . 
  i also think that most of our voice actors are doing a really good job and are very believable most of the time . 
  i do watch a lot of movies in english ( on netflix ) , but there are sometimes problems when someone is talking slang or has some sort of dialect . 
  so yeah , i enjoy dubs . 
  we in germany have the same joke about france ... oh wait ... 
  ca n't imagine what it must be like to wake up , open the windows and breathe the fresh salt-breeze every morning . 
  i 've actually been there on holiday , it really is a beautiful place , 
  haha thanks !, 
  that loaded pretty quick for being such a high quality gif . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  80 mb/s is absolutely insane . 
  it takes hours to download steam games for me that you could easily download in less than 15 minutes !, 
  and a nationwide standard of 100 mb/s is incredible . 
  i 'm kind of jealous to be honest ... hopefully we 'll get faster internet in the future . 
  the telekom is already working on installing fiberwire connections in the city , it will probably take some time until it reaches us in the suburbs . 
  what 's your internet connection in finland like if i may ask ? 
  according to the post , your average connection is almost on the same level with ours in germany . 
  you 'd be surprised , most people i know have only slightly faster internet connections . 
  one of my friends who lives just 2 streets from me only gets 700 kb/s on a good day . 
  we 're not living in the inner city though . 
  oh well that 's definitely a lot lower than average . 
  is it because of your connection or the contract with the service provider ? 
  what 's your rate ? 
  and i 'm still sitting here with a dl rate of 1,8 mb/s ... 
  and that is what i always liked about / r/europe . 
  i 'm probably just scared that the same stuff happens here like it did in / r/offbeat when it became a default . 
   currently , we mainly discuss politics . 
  is n't that the purpose of this subreddit ? 
  i really do n't need another default that is spammed with endless reposts of pictures and gifs . 
   yet in britain every village has a lovingly tended war memorial , while germany is a country with few war memorials indeed . 
  i would n't say that this is correct , there are a lot of ww1 and ww2 memorials in germany . 
  almost every bigger village has one of those somewhere . 
  i do n't know how many there are in the uk , but i definitely would n't say that there are few in germany . 
  i ca n't even tell if you 're joking or not . 
  that would n't make sense at all , would it ? 
  yeah you 're right , it really is a very specific case . 
  i guess it has something to do with the fact that it 's a `` sch '' - sound in `` franz\u00f6sisch '' and a `` ch '' - sound in '' \u00d6sterreichisch '' . 
  i do n't really know why , but i speak from experience because i made this mistake several times in the past . 
  the really tricky part is saying it out loud , not writing it . 
  the joke is that some people do n't know if it 's \u00d6sterreichisch or \u00d6sterreicherisch , because having that much `` ischischich '' is very confusing to some . 
  '' \u00d6sterreichisch '' would be the correct term for `` austrian '' . 
  that 's a pretty cool passport design . 
  last year 's flood was the worst in over a hundred years in germany . 
  it really does n't happen often , ca n't speak for uk though . 
  yeah , it 's a shame that so many cool designs were ruined by the nazis . 
  i mean , just look at the coat of arms of today 's germany : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/da/coat_of_arms_of_germany.svg/500px-coat_of_arms_of_germany.svg.png looks like a crossbreed between chicken , bat , dragon and eagle . 
  the symbols used to be so much cooler back then . 
  okay then , please excuse me while i 'm taking a swim in the sea of aborted fetuses . 
  oh ok let 's not get all racist in here . 
  the horsemeat scandal was discovered because of the eu 's extensive quality assurance . 
  does the us have those too ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  yup , i do n't think that this survey is representative too . 
  i have n't met a single person who thought that the annexation of crimea was acceptable . 
  the german mainstream media also presented it as an act of aggression . 
  exactly . 
  it appears that a lot of people outside of germany think that a big part of the population is pro-russia in this case . 
  i do n't think that it 's true at all , i have n't met a single person who thought that russia was right and the sanctions inappropriate . 
  what about this ? 
  hmm ... 
  i wonder why i have you tagged as `` hates germany for some reason '' . 
  not every problem in europe is caused by the german government , you know ? 
  thank you !, 
  the second one is hilarious . 
  what does the word written on the tank translate to ? 
  dude what, 
  i 'd play it . 
  someone quickly register this as a trade mark !, 
  yeah me too !, 
  we should start a petition on www.change.org :p, 
  could you please stop trolling in / r/europe ? 
  this discussion is n't going anywhere with you only accusing people based on their home countries . 
  where are you living ? 
  i can look at china without problems . 
  what the heck does \u2030 even mean ? 
  i did n't understand this sentence . 
  like at all . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  obviously not , that 's why i was wondering what was so special about dutch troops traversing hungary . 
  how did they get there ? 
  they must 've crossed some other countries on their way to hungary . 
  so why were there no articles about them traversing the other countries ? 
  oops , i 'm sorry =p i was unsure what the correct term was , so i looked it up and faucet was the first search result . 
  i learned british english back in school , so i should have really known that it 's `` tap '' . 
  i 'm living in north-east hamburg and i do n't think that there are any plans to start it around here ( or close to bigger cities in general ) . 
  however , there are already a lot of petitions to prevent fracking . 
  huh , no wonder why i had you tagged as `` hates germany for some reason '', 
  well , we could also forbid fracking in general to begin with . 
  we already had enough time to see the negative consequences of this practice in the us , and there are still many attempts to start fracking in european countries . 
  i certainly would n't want to be able to light my drinking water from the faucet on fire . 
  that is actually a brilliant idea !,
