  it would be a lot easier to navigate through the comments . 
  you 'd be able to filter them and look for discussion threads , or , if you 're in the mood , filter for comments with reaction gifs and/or funny and non-serious replies . 
  it would improve the sites ' quality a lot imo . 
  to give a bit more context , the ukrainian team was actually a lot bigger , but all the athletes refused to partake in the ceremony and sent this one representative for their country . 
  employed ? 
  i can already see the drivers eat holes in it from the inside . 
  yeah , but it 's not like cymru is that close to these warmongering maniacs . 
  yeah , the pyramids are now our tourist attraction number one . 
  it 's also pretty hot over here . 
  well their body language is the same without a doubt . 
  yes you can , but only if the word is written in capital letters ( because there is no capital version of '' \u00df '' . 
  for example : `` scheisse '' with `` ss '' and `` schei\u00dfe '' with '' \u00df '' . 
  i did n't know that `` lauch '' was n't commonly known as an insult amongst german-speakers . 
  although i can only speak as someone living in northern germany , that was the word of choice back in 2009 . 
  interesting , i always thought the jedi stuff was more of an australian thing . 
   the cream on the german sundae is that the many of the leftist green party politicians decrying the us as a modern stasi spent most of their careers before the wall came down attempting to ensure stasi domain was over all of germany . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  there are other beliefs and religions in europe besides christianity ( and islam ) , you know ? 
  oh , i did n't know that it was already voluntary while the military duty was still active . 
  is it still voluntary today , or do you have to expect to be send on a foreign mission when joining the military as a recruit ? 
  i think the basic idea is good , however the execution of these plans is the really complicated part . 
  as an economically and politically successful country , germany holds a certain responsibility for other countries that suffer through military conflicts and violations of the human rights . 
  as long as missions in foreign countries are set to help the development and stabilization , there is nothing to complain about in my opinion ( at least since the military duty was abolished ) . 
  edit : word, 
  who wants free tinfoil hats !, 
  i hope that i 'll live long enough to see people start a colony on another planet . 
  just to know that humans are capable of surviving so far away and independent from their home planet is something i want to experience in my life . 
  in case that you mean the video from [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1yfik5/medic_gets_shot_by_sniper_in_kyiv/cfk1xhg ) comment , i 'm going to give you a short description : there are several people crouching behind riot shields ( although they are clearly protesters ) and they are slowly moving down a street . 
  suddenly you can hear a gunshots and see a tree being hit by live ammo . 
  in the following minutes , there are many people being hit by bullets on the street and the other protesters ca n't reach them because they 're in the line of fire - the result is that about five or more people die because the medics could n't get close to them and are later carried away while police ( ? ), 
  is still shooting at them . 
  i do n't feel like it 's appropriate to make jokes about this right now . 
  there are people dying just in this moment while they 're completely unarmed and helpless . 
  it 's okay to joke about events that already happened years ago - but i just do n't think that it 's right to say something like this in a comment thread about people getting murdered . 
  ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ for ^ ^ the ^ ^ amount ^ ^ of ^ ^ butthurt ^ ^ in ^ ^ this ^ ^ comment, 
  lighten up man , it was a parody - not a personal offense . 
  i 'm pretty sure that we would n't have such a huge issue with global spying if the us did n't push their agencies into that direction . 
  yes , self inflicted wounds are also covered in most cases . 
  haha brilliant !, 
  someone should make a video out of this . 
  the israelis successfully manage to aim every discussion that 's uncomfortable to them at the holocaust and racism against jews . 
  how in the hell is it relevant that he was asking his question in german ? 
  was n't ww2 almost 70 years ago ? 
  and how can such a question be viewed as `` duplicitous propaganda against israel '' . 
  they are seriously acting like fools in this case . 
  i 'm aware that germany is the third-largest arms supplier , however this has already sparked discussions and protests over here . 
  there are also very strict guidelines when it comes to an actual trading contract between germany and another nation ( exported weapons and armory are only shipped to countries that want to defend themselves and there are important agreements that these countries do not abuse the equipment to attack ) . 
  there have been some incidents in the past where other governments , like saudi arabia , used the weaponry to fight protesters - although agreeing to the contracts before . 
  i 'm not saying that this is n't a big part of our industry , i just want to point out that germany does n't earn money by helping other countries fight wars and does n't actively participate in invasions . 
  the german army ( bundeswehr ) is entirely defensive . 
  this article shows it pretty well : http://www.marketwatch.com/story/america-needs-a-new-war-or-capitalism-dies-2013-04-17 also a nice summary on this wikipedia page : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/permanent_war_economy, 
  i completely agree with you . 
  a warmongering military complex that generates profit on the cost of human lives is the last thing that i would want in my homeland . 
  i just have to look at the usa and how a huge part of their economy is depending on this . 
  the former minister of family affairs as the head of the military . 
  yeah , great choice . 
  she 's probably even running for chancellor in the next elections . 
  someone was playing crysis 2 , eh ? 
  why would they name it after my hometown ? 
  [ kopps ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0339230/ ) - pretty cool swedish movie about a small town police station that 's about to be closed due to the lack of crime , so the police men and women start to commit crimes themselves . 
  also watched [ life of brian ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079470/ ) and [ monty python and the holy grail ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071853/ ) again , because these are two of my all-time favorites ( i guess everyone knows these movies already , so i 'm not going to write a summary ) . 
  he 'll probably tell us about russia 's plans to annex georgia and threaten to send a speznas team to your house . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  every time i see a headline like `` 20 year old turk stabs girlfriend '' i wonder how the ethnics/nationalities are relevant there . 
  it only results in comments like `` yeah these turks are all criminals '' and has nothing to do with the actual reporting of the case . 
  those headlines are sensationalist and are only used to stir people up . 
  can somebody please explain the downvotes ? 
  you obviously did n't read / u/libdependancyhell 's post above - the cia did n't abduct and torture a terrorist ( what would be against the geneva conventions ) , they abducted and tortured the * wrong * man . 
  sure , what 's happening in the ukraine is disgusting , but that should n't take the focus away from crimes committed by a fully developed first world nation that 's completely aware of the crimes that they 're committing . 
  so what you are trying to say is that someone who murdered a person should n't be convicted just because there 's some other guy who killed more people than him ? 
  crimes like this have to be punished , both the cia and the ukrainian government . 
  do n't worry , blocking copyrighted videos is only the first step in our next world domination campaign . 
  did n't know about this , i 've always used a different unblocker because it was slightly faster . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's crazy !, 
  i did n't even realize how many videos are actually blocked here - what 's even worse is that the blocked videos wo n't show up in the search results on youtube and google . 
  so even if you 've got an unblocker , it 's still pretty hard to find the videos . 
  youtube videos are blocked because google is in some sort of one-sided partnership with the gema . 
  this whole blocking thing would n't work if youtube was n't okay with it . 
  this issue really needs to get more attention . 
  remember the dashcam video of the meteorite coming down over russia ? 
  yeah that was blocked because of the music coming from the car 's radio . 
  luckily there are extensions to unlock the videos . 
  good !, 
  a separation of the ukraine , like east and west germany once , is a horrible thought and there is no way that russia is going to `` annex '' a part of your country just like that while europe and the rest of the world is watching . 
  there might be a lot of problems in the ukraine right now , but they ca n't be solved like this . 
  prussia used to be the center of science , education , wealth and military for the germans until it dissolved in the weimar republic . 
  after ww2 was over , the allies did n't have any interest in restoring prussia - there are a lot of names and places that refer to it , even today ( like soccer clubs , street names and institutes ) . 
  i guess it simply is something that a lot of germans were proud of . 
  can we get prussia back while we 're at it ? 
  it has n't even snowed in germany this winter . 
  it 's the first time since the weather was recorded . 
  always rainy and about 15 to 3 degrees ... 
  i can visit a christian country without having to fear for my life though . 
  the quote for islamic ones is n't so good . 
  that 's by far the worst part !, 
  thank you !, 
  thanks , you 're doing all the native latin-speakers a huge favor !, 
  it 's getting worse with every comment !, 
  i still do n't know what that means .
