what, 
  but the tips are usually like one or two euros . 
  not very comparable to the us . 
  there is still `` star '' in the station name . 
  we get unlimited for 20-16 $ in france now . 
  only one operator for now , but the others usually follow suit . 
  i do n't think most of his voters are actually germanophobes themselves . 
  people who vote for populists often do so out of a couple issues rather than supporting the whole package . 
  well , frenchmen themselves do n't like the french , so we do n't blame them . 
  i 'd argue that learning any latin-based language gives you the same inroads . 
  in france , within the same * shop * you can have both inches and centimeters used to described different tv models . 
  so yeah , the models themselves kinda use inches all the time , but sellers have taken the habit to sometimes , but not always , translate it . 
   just assigning them numbers is boring what do you mean ? 
  every day has a specific name , whose theme is roughly decided by the season and month . 
  for example , today is pitchfork ( fourche ) day . 
  no kidding . 
  well , there 's a good chance it was taken directly from old french , like a good amount of other words . 
  but yeah , the french word obviously comes from latin as well . 
  no , checking the number of 0 and 1 is far from enough . 
  any compressed stuff will have similar entropy , and you ca n't block this . 
  and anyway , no , nothing like that would make terrorists use steganography . 
  no matter the checks in place , it is perfectly feasible to use encryption without it being detectable at all , and it would n't even be hard . 
  this thread alone is full of creative ways to get around any kind of restrictions . 
   no they just need to block ip/port combinations associated with popular encrypted communication services , which will either fall back to an unencrpyted channel or risk losing their customers.this will not ban `` encryption '' but remove 99 % of encrypted messages flowing around most of the encrypted traffic comes from https , and some services are n't even available in plain http . 
  it 's not realistic to consider filtering this . 
   or maybe they can run exploits for both android and ios what ? 
  this would have dramatic economic consequences though , i doubt this is what she actually wants . 
  it 's more about being able to spy on her own citizens . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just talking about the funky ways to circumvent any strict restriction around specific protocols . 
  it could be implemented in a non-disruptive way for the user , making the restrictions worthless . 
  oh , yes , definitely . 
  i was n't saying otherwise . 
   of course all is can be worked round by encapsulating the `` bad '' protocol in a `` good '' protocol even without going this far , it 's completely unrealistic to just downright block `` bad '' potocols . 
  it would cut the uk from the rest of the world . 
  you 're right that it 's scarier though . 
  because , honestly , let 's just think about it for a minute . 
  even if it was an absolute certain way to end all terrorism ( it 's obviously not ) , would it be worth it ? 
  not really , it just adds another layer on the network stack . 
  not good for performance and bandwidth , but no reason why it would n't be practical . 
  it could work just fine as a local proxy . 
  not to mention that these restrictions would be supposed to be there to prevent terrorism . 
  i agree that individuals would n't go to such lengths to circumvent the law , but then again , regular individuals are n't supposed to be the official targets . 
  if there 's a way around it , any way , it makes the whole thing worthless as a way to prevent terrorism . 
  thing is , either you forbid people from using https to connect to the rest of the world ( except the few companies that are vetted , i guess ) , which will for example prevent them from buying anything on a foreign website , or you allow it and then any restriction relative to individuals is either impossible to implement or trivial to bypass . 
  problem is trying to move back to the 80s when the rest of the world is n't . 
  it 's not magic , though . 
  nobody can control what you 're actually doing on your devices , unless every single os in the country is sanctioned by the government and full of spyware . 
  and then , they would have to inspect every single packet going through the networks in the country to try to determine if something is encrypted or not . 
  first , even this ca n't be 100 % accurate ( if at all ) , and second , it would take huge resources that they definitely wo n't be willing to spend . 
  the only thing that isps can easily block is domain names and specific ips . 
  but that does nothing to actually ban encryption . 
  not a fix , though . 
  financial institutions ( for example ) ca n't work properly without cryptography . 
  they 're clearly not speculating anything , come on . 
  they 're just saying `` oh , you want this ? 
  well then this means you want all this as well because otherwise you ca n't get what you want '' . 
  the bullet point list is obviously intended to be ridiculous , the point is to make the reader understand that all of this is stupid . 
  the writer is just illustrating the ridiculousness of may 's statement , which is a fair thing to do in my opinion . 
  she may have the right to do it , but how would she do it ? 
  it 's not like it 's feasible . 
  it 's also completely impossible to enforce . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , it 's only two * in a row * . 
  they can jump position from position and come back afterwards . 
  but it 's not really what polls are saying ... 
  i mean , hollande had similar approval ratings right after his election , but i do n't think you could have said he was * popular * even at the time . 
  it 's just people saying `` eh , could have been worse '' . 
  he 's not * un * popular , that 's for sure , but a lot of people are skeptical , or just do n't like him . 
  there are also those who dislike him but are ok with his government , and so say they 're satisfied for the moment . 
  yes , because it 's not a proportional election . 
  it 's a bunch of two-rounds local elections . 
  which is why , for example , the fn ( le pen 's party ) could get 20 % of voters but very little seats out of it if they lose most of their battles ( which will likely happen ) . 
  that does n't change the fact that most voters do n't really like him , if only because they liked their own candidate more . 
  although i can see that changing in the long run . 
  there are also a bunch of voters who do n't like the guy , but believe a president with a majority is better than a standstill for five years , so they want to give him a chance . 
  that we are . 
  do n't worry though , the guy is n't very popular in france . 
  people will be mad no matter what , but i do n't think most will be disappointed . 
  so , governments can do nothing of their own to help their companies become more competitive , or help create new ones ? 
  why would creating `` hubs '' be a bad idea to achieve that ? 
  well , it was an almost direct confrontation of the two , so whether it had any impact or not , it * was * significant . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's up to you to judge which content gets removed when reported . 
  if you do n't , you will only have to when a tribunal tells you to . 
  but most hosting services do n't want to deal with all this , so they just remove any heavily reported content . 
  especially since they do n't want their image to suffer too much from controversial content . 
  there are already similar laws everywhere about the difference between publishing content , and hosting it ( at least that 's the case in france ) . 
  if you 're only hosting , then you must have some way for people to report illegal content , and must act to remove it when reported . 
  if you 're publishing , well you 're accountable for everything that gets published , no matter if you remove it afterwards or not . 
  sounds like valid concerns , honestly . 
  what , so it 's stupid to try and gradually become more competitive because right now we 're lagging behind ? 
  why the fuck would it be impossible for europe to compete eventually ? 
  why talk about anything a candidate does during his campaign ? 
  it 's not right now , but it could be , that was a proposition from hollande 's government that met a lot of controversy . 
  yeah . 
  she basically crashed the party before macron , who was planning to , could go outside and talk to the employees . 
  and then she spinned it as `` see , he 's only meeting the management , he does n't care about you like i do ! '', 
  pretty simplistic strategy , if you ask me . 
  this room hurts to look at though . 
  i certainly would n't mind splurging on a nice penthouse , but it would definitely not look like this .
