both have talked more about ttip than brexit . 
  and then complain their jobs were taken . 
  if done democratically i do n't think there would be . 
  that makes no sense . 
  could n't hurt as much as a hard border . 
  ireland 's top export partner is belgium , and uk second . 
  not sure what 's going on here . 
  i feel redeemed as somebody literally told yesterday on this sub ireland earns its high numbers of cystic fibrosis for being so inbred . 
  there was one in ireland too , but it was tiny . 
  to be fair , that would require them to see women as anything more than sexual objects . 
  or we have to do them again . 
  should we be looking as this as a bribe as this framing seems to suggest or as ` we ca n't take you here 's some cash to get to somewhere that maybe can ' ? 
  it 's literally just a dude , and before he was a peacekeeper as well . 
  that 's the photo you choose to accompny an article that is both critical of his past and understands his change . 
  except one of these is expressing a viewpoint and the other is n't . 
  reports only indicate assailant had a knife . 
  no gun confirmed . 
  is it ? 
  that does n't sound true at all . 
  including his own . 
  he was n't flawless far from it , but the middle eastern countries in turmoil could learn to follow the model of northern ireland from conflict to peace . 
  is sorta the same in ireland , except with a little condensation . 
  you can be atheist but are you a catholic atheist or a protestant atheist . 
  what ? 
  his flair says germany . 
  also nice username , but yeah i 'm absurd . 
  at least i 'm more than a single political stance . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zz7kr/donald_trump_refuses_to_shake_angela_merkels_hand/df2d4ia literally right here . 
  did n't the austrian far right under perform from their polls ? 
  can i just say this was terribly organised ? 
  all i saw was a facebook event that was n't promoted with now discussion or images and it worked with zero local groups . 
  this could have been really big but nobody knew about it . 
  ** ireland ** irish premier , taoiseach enda kenny went to the white house as the first european leader to meet trump and gave him some [ grass and a lecture . ] ( https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/03/16/us/politics/irish-st-patricks-enda-kenny-trump.html?_r=0&amp;referer=http://www.google.ie/ ) . 
  [ his speech ] ( http://m.independent.ie/irish-news/watch-st-patrick-is-the-patron-of-immigrants-enda-kenny-lectures-president-trump-on-immigration-35541759.html ) is certainly worth watching especially from a `` ireland 's in the eu do n't you start donny '' way . 
  probably the best of his career and seeing how he 'll retire in a few weeks so now he 'll get to go into the sunset . 
  also it 's weird to have americans praise your government for a week once a year . 
  guys , you ca n't act like this was n't a deliberate choice . 
  the whole point of this is for that handshake . 
  bet he 'll shake putin 's hand as well . 
  this is an insult to us all . 
  edit : a lot of people have said `` i guess ireland 's germany now '' . 
  everyone can draw their own line but for me the eu is more than a legal agreement it 's a way of increasing of our position , our common beliefs , and each other . 
  it would be wrong of me not to be disappointed by this after the us and trump spent the whole week applauding my government . 
  we are stronger united , i stand with europe against turkey 's threats , with eastern europe against russian aggressions , and with germany/france/sweden against trumps attempts to hurt their political process . 
  better or worse ireland does n't do patriotism . 
  that 's not gon na happen . 
  there 's no will for it . 
  when ireland became independent and started all irish schools parents who taught their kids english so they could emigrate if they needed to . 
  we like owning land . 
  right but he does n't make a big huff about the awful shit in the bible . 
  because every worst stereotype of muslims = truth for him . 
  actually something very similar to that was asked and it still had a majority . 
  he is not ireland 's obama . 
  he 's a tatcherite . 
  load * ( up to 800 ), 
  there was enough food on the island to avoid the death . 
  that 's why people call it the great starvation as opposed to famine nowadays . 
  ireland was making more than just potatoes but it was the poor irish persons good and the british forced the citizens to export their other food under armed guard . 
  look at what the westminister parliament has done in the past few weeks . 
  i 'm glad we are n't caught up in that . 
  part of me hopes you 're right . 
  i guess the last year made me cynical in this regard , 
  oh , i would never put it past us giving a chance to have a moan about britain but still i think what i said is still true . 
  that 's not how these voters work . 
  i.e if ireland 's economy suffers ( hypothetically ) the eu will be blamed . 
  in the grand scheme of things we are lucky the provision is rooted in democracy . 
  could have easily been parliament or something behind bureaucracy . 
  ireland was a third world country at the time with about 3 million people and barely any economy and did n't get any book from the war like the allies did . 
  what could we have done , we were neutral ? 
  britains difficulty , irelands opportunity . 
  home of the green stuff !, 
  if that was real they would be the worst lobby in history . 
  i 'm just saying the lines are n't drawn as firmly as they were for marriage equality . 
  i 'm fairly confident you are wrong . 
  there are many younger people here that are against abortion . 
  also some of the repeal side seem to use tactics that the anti-choice side do n't like but i 'm not sure how big that actually . 
  either way the campaign will be fair nastier and more divisive . 
  but are n't those people already voting for le pen ? 
  once every week is regular ? 
  what ? 
  what pollsters at what time ? 
  the closest i can think of is one probability forecast which a lot of experts dismissed , and even the forecasters themselves did . 
  also you ca n't compare a two - party electoral college system to france 's . 
  ireland 's really not comparable to greece and cyprus . 
  not sure what portugal 's situation is . 
  ireland should be green, 
  the nyt is pretty awful when it comes to politics though . 
  that 's not the topic ? 
  is that suggesting a loyalty to britain or to the irish ? 
  i 'm gon na guess the latter and that they were referencing the consequences ? 
  you think so ? 
  from what i read it was pretty expected for cameron to resign if he failed . 
  did nobody learn from cameron 's mistake ? 
  the epicentre of the eu is western ? 
  right okay but that has little to do with what i said . 
  pretty sure nobody is arguing to give aid to refugees for the sake of diversity . 
  is n't saying europe a bit vague ? 
  i mean i feel here in ireland is n't in that much of threat . 
  if * we * live to 2020 . 
  is this not automatic ?
