croatia is actually a huge tourist destination . 
  it has just under half the population of greece and gets just under half the tourists . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_croatia we travelled to both and we much preferred croatia , to be honest . 
  it 's an astonishingly beautiful country . 
  we were there last year . 
  and do n't forget the [ spomeniks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_yugoslav_world_war_ii_monuments_and_memorials_in_croatia ) !, 
  to me , it seems clear that , for a country that is one of the world 's great international traders , recreating trade barriers with our greatest trading partners is a bad idea . 
  good luck getting africa to buy british exports !, 
  anyway , we shall see soon enough . 
  no , [ freedom of movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement_for_workers_in_the_european_union ) has a very specific meaning . 
  it means you wo n't be able to _ work _ in the continent any more , absolutely . 
  that 's going away and it ai n't coming back . 
  as a uk citizen , this is going to be a catastrophe . 
  isolationism just does n't work , particularly for countries that import a big chunk of their food . 
  also , i suspect i 'm older than you . 
  you do n't really believe in the reality of change until you get your nose rubbed into it . 
  i 'm generally pro-change , but not this one . 
  i lived in new york city for 9/11 , and we were pretty excited for that too . 
  not entirely positive , yes , but it was very exciting . 
  ah , yes , german , the largest economy in europe , with decades of comfortable prosperity . 
  who would want to be like them ? 
  struggle , income inequity , insecurity , poverty and want are the english way . 
  if it were n't for workhouses , we would n't have had dickens , now would we ? 
  ( note : i 'm a briton living in the netherlands so i can say these things ... ), 
   whatever outcome happens will wind up being considered and reasonable . 
  it 's impossible to predict the future , but so far there has n't been any `` considered '' or `` reasonable '' involved . 
  this is going to negatively affect tens of millions of people . 
  if you live in the uk , just losing freedom of movement is going to be devastating . 
  for a lot of rational people , it 's a catastrophe in the making . 
  once the city is a fragment of its former size , and there are protective tariffs making import/export with both the eu and the usa prohibitively expensive ( and please remember that the uk imports more than half its food ) , it 's going to be disastrous for rich and poor alike . 
  it 's entertaining in the same way that 9/11 was - you 're glued to your screen , certainly , but not in a good way . 
  they did n't . 
  many people are panicking . 
  now that the terms of the deal are shaping up , people need a chance to vote on the concrete terms . 
  it 's like getting engaged . 
  it 's a promise to get married , but many engagements falter before they actually pull the trigger . 
   well no one is stopping the uk to rejoin once brexit is completed . 
  no adult believes this would ever happen in our lifetimes . 
  do n't waste our time . 
  what about , `` now we know the actual terms of the deal , we can actually make an educated decision ? '', 
  this is very common in the real world . 
  for example , when you buy a house , you look at it , and put down a deposit , and then you do more due diligence . 
  if you discover serious issues , you will back out before you actually sign the contract to purchase it - yes , losing the deposit in some cases , but better that than being stuck with a lemon of a house ... 
  spineless , sensationalist attitude . 
  there will always be occasional crimes like this . 
  indeed , england has been _ safer _ from terrorism than most other eu countries . 
  the pro-brexit side relentlessly lied . 
  it makes the whole thing invalid . 
  most of us are perfectly well able to distinguish between `` the us government '' and `` america '' . 
  heck , i 'd expect more of my american friends would agree with statements like `` the us is not to be trusted , '' than my european friends . 
  case in point - me . 
  while i am not an american , i lived in new york city for over thirty years , and people generally identify me as american . 
  not one person here has expressed anything negative about `` america '' since i 've been here . 
  countless people have expressed great fear about _ donald trump , _ sure , but i see that constantly on my ( 95 % american ) facebook page too . 
  now , i think that europeans know that there are a lot of americans who have complete contempt for them and in general , for the non-american world - but they see almost none of them here , so it 's rather abstract . 
  i lived in new york city , mostly brooklyn , for thirty years , until december . 
  i 've also travelled all over the world . 
  i 've only seen such poverty as i saw in nyc in third world countries . 
  heck , i travelled all over indonesia and i saw a lot of places where people were living on a few dollars a day , and yet their kids went to school in nice school uniforms and had beautiful teeth and no one went to bed hungry . 
  ( on reflection , some parts of eastern europe were pretty bad , but i still think that the south bronx gets the nod for `` most horrible '' . ), 
   i would rether be poor than in most of the world . 
  i just moved to the netherlands but i lived in the us for over 30 years . 
  trust me - you do n't want to be poor there . 
  people i know who live in the us and are poor regularly eat food out of the garbage . 
  we are n't talking `` homeless drug abusers '' - we 're talking people with actual jobs who are n't making ends meet . 
  i know people with epilepsy who have a medical alert bracelet . 
  it says - are you ready for this ? 
  - `` if i have a seizure do not call an ambulance '' . 
  why ? 
  because each time you get into an ambulance you pay thousands of dollars yourself . 
  if you do n't pay , collection agencies will show up . 
  eventually , they will start to garnishee your pay . 
  people living in a social democracy have no idea how cruel america is to its poor and how devastatingly difficult it is to be poor there . 
  note that this is n't sour grapes . 
  i personally did very well financially there . 
  but i always had friends across all walks of life , and the toll that the last 20 years have taken on that bottom half has been indescribably bad . 
  my wife and i left the us in december after 30 years there , because we were no longer willing to be members of that cruel and selfish society . 
  ( and we had arranged to leave no matter which candidate won , though trump was clearly a lot worse than hrc ... ) and yes , i upvoted that comment . 
   you guys would throw the us out the windows as soon as possible . 
  you already did culturally . 
  tell me - have you ever actually been to europe ? 
  seen all the us movies playing in the movie houses ? 
  seen all the us music on sale in stores ? 
  seen all the us brands everywhere , starbucks , mcdonalds , subway , filled with customers ? 
  do n't waste our time . 
  it 's also a standing joke that the welsh engage in intimate congress with sheep . 
   massive crisis , hahahahahahaha !, 
  in three weeks , no one will remember . 
  erdogan is nutcase with a short fuse - he 'll quickly find someone else to get angry with . 
   they have diplomatic passports . 
  a diplomatic passport certainly does n't guarantee you entry to another country , and once you 're there , it gives you no right to stay . 
  it guarantees you immunity from prosecution once you 're there , yes . 
  diplomats get sent home all the time , sometimes for tiny things . 
  in new york city , traffic violations by diplomats became so gross that they started sending them home when they reached some grotesque amount of fines , $ 20k iirc . 
   one of the ministers denied was minister of foreign affairs . 
  that still does n't make you a diplomat . 
  and countries are perfectly within their rights to refuse even diplomats . 
   manifestation demonstration . 
  :-) same issue in french -  english . 
   but do we really leave the curtains open that much more than other cultures ?
