  can i answer ? 
  because they 're not allowed to form communities in other locations . 
  although the parents never fully integrate , and never will , their kids go to schools with the native children and interact primarily with native children on a day-to-day basis . 
  the social norms they know are the ones of the country they live . 
  when they 're allowed to form communities then the ability to integrate is made more difficult , if not impossible , because the social norms of their old country are implanted into them . 
  we see this in france and notably in asian communities in britain , and we see the social issues this has caused . 
  and you stay true to the typical german attitude . 
  are you unaware of the negative consequences of germany 's allowing of a million people to enter in the space of a year ? 
  or is you head too far buried in the sand to notice ? 
  and if you did n't notice , i was questioning the attitudes towards multiculturalism and mass immigration , which have shown , time and again across europe , to lead to serious social problems . 
  would you deny again that multiculturalism and mass immigration do n't lead to social problems ? 
  it gets worse with each passing day . 
  what 's wrong with the germans that they can not see this woman for the idiot she is ? 
  granted that the turks came to germany long before she came into power , she has continued to let massive numbers of people enter germany . 
  in twenty years time will we have the next chancellor asking people of syrian and iraqi-roots to be loyal to germany , and while the masses continue to occupy the country ? 
  the national anthem is amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann ( the soldiers ' song ) ... 
  it 's entirely in irish and very few people here actually speak irish . 
  consequently , very few people can actually sing it . 
  watch a sporting event with ireland and you 'll see very few of the players or fans singing it . 
  i myself do n't have any recollection of learning the anthem , which is a disgrace , but then again , we were never thought the easter proclamation , which is one of the most important documents in irish history as it 's what was spoken on the steps of the general post office and proclaimed that `` the right of the people of ireland to the ownership of ireland '' . 
  we have a really sad habit of neglecting our past in this country , even though the events were literally only one hundred years ago . 
  so yeah , children do n't learn the anthem , and that 's not even the worse thing they do n't learn here . 
  well we agree to something then . 
  i thought you were just another ` nationalism is completely and utterly wrong ' types . 
  i do n't see a problem with children learning the national anthem , however , or reciting a pledge . 
  context is necessary , such as teaching children that their nation is not innocent of historical transgressions . 
  but to teach children national identities is not . 
  you 'd be surprised how much historical context is missed , intentionally or not , by certain people . 
  you 're swedish , yeah ? 
  you speak swedish , celebrate swedish holidays , learn about swedish history ( which you share with every other swede ) , etc ... yes ? 
  that 's what nationalism is . 
  it 's people of the same culture coming together to form a nation . 
  not an '' irrational standpoint '' . 
  it 's the result of people coming together under the same flag/banner because they share similar customs . 
  how is that irrational ? 
  teaching children about national identities and having pride in these identities is not wrong , nor is it irrational or artificial . 
  i do n't actually . 
  i wish we had a pledge of allegiance here , and a learning of the national anthem . 
   impressionable children should not be institutionally conditioned to accept an ideology . 
  schools should be independent and secular , not state propaganda arms . 
  should we cease teaching about equality then , the wrongs of racism and homophobia ? 
  that 's an ideology being institutionally conditioned onto children . 
  and pardon me / u/citrusitte , i mistook the school banner for the polish national flag in my original comment . 
  we ` indoctrinate ' kids with ideas against racism and homophobia ? 
  should we cease to teach them about equality because they have n't yet ` developed mentally ' ? 
  of course not . 
  and it is the same with national identity . 
  it can be thought to extremes , such as to exclude others or neglect to see atrocities committed by your nation , and this is something that should be avoided . 
  but to teach children about their nation is not in-of-its-self wrong . 
  you 're making similarities up in your head . 
  saying that this picture strikes up thoughts of the hitler youth is both insulting and absurd . 
  so if any child is thought national pride , would that make you uncomfortable ? 
  it 's ludicrous because you 're comparing school uniforms and schoolchildren saluting their national flag with the hitler youth . 
  that 's why it 's ludicrous . 
  oh please . 
  that 's a ludicrous comparison . 
  just nice then ? 
  there 's really no need to curse . 
  those uniforms look quite nice actually !, 
  the reason i 'm not too enthusiastic about uniforms is because we had to wear heavy jumpers as part of ours . 
  they were fine in the winter , but you can imagine that it got quite hot in the summer and there were quite a few teachers who forced us to keep the jumpers on . 
  so i can get behind the idea of a uniform , that is , if they have a couple of options to suit the seasons . 
  not on / r/europe there 's not !, 
  well they ca n't blame the perpetrators , can they ? 
  unless they 're european , of course . 
  can you back this up ? 
  can you back that up , or is it mere opinion ? 
  no one is killing anyone . 
  ships would guide refugee boats back to north africa were they set sail from . 
  the only deaths would be those tragedies we see happen now , and they would occur regardless of which direction european boats brought migrants . 
  to me , there 's two issues : saving lives on the mediterranean , and ensuring that citizens of europe are also not put at risk . 
  both of these can not be accomplished by letting large numbers enter europe . 
  and besides all that , the majority of these migrants , those who are n't syrian or iraqi , are n't refugees , nor are they applicable to asylum . 
  so they are entering european nations illegally . 
  what do you propose we do with individuals such as these ? 
  like in nice , and paris . 
  let 's not forget the priest in normandy , and the shootings of the staff of charlie hebdo ... all that blasted far-right narrative ... 
  how will many more people die ? 
  knowing that european boats will bring people to europe is what is causing so many to make the journey because they know it will meaning getting to europe . 
  many more are risking their lives because they know this . 
  it 's simple ; do n't pick them up and bring them to europe . 
  guide the boats back to north africa . 
  why is this so difficult ? 
  there 's quite a bit being done to combat such extremism . 
  do n't be silly . 
  you just need to turn on the news to see parties ( who are n't extreme in the least ) being condemned as ` far-right ' for daring to speak up for those native citizens who are n't being heard . 
  did you receive a request from your government to make irreversible changes to your country ? 
  i certainly did n't . 
  and zero ? 
  can you back that up , considering the fact that police in germany have spoken about the rise in honour killings and reports of fgm ? 
  i think that 's a bit hard to believe . 
  is it ? 
  because it seems like anyone who does n't want this influx of people into europe are fascists by your standards . 
  maybe this is n't just ` populist bullshit ' but the necessary steps taken to promote integration and prevent the growth of extremism ? 
  that was far from '' unfounded ramblings '' . 
  you hit the nail on the head with your original comment . 
  do n't be sorry because the other poster would rather bury his head in the sand then face the realities of ( i assume ) his religion . 
   is there any solid evidence that the burka substantially increases security risk , not only in theory but has demonstrably done so in the past ? 
  well if the face is covered ( and there is a ` valid ' reason for it ) then the potential for malice is there . 
  my real objection to the burqa is that the idea of immigration is integration .
