  me personally ? 
  i think you 'll find that i actively campaign against the multicultural life style , as would most people if national governments did their job and worked towards national interests . 
  and i 'm aware of the fear-mongering surrounding their rising popularity . 
  but that is only a recent phenomenon remember . 
  and perhaps the wool has drowned out the rising chorus of execration when issues such as immigration and multiculturalism are argued against ? 
  are you aware of the situation in western europe ? 
  i 've already stated that the situation in the baltic states is starkly different to the situation in western europe . 
  you present a single example , and from a region in europe where the situation is very different from the western states , which are prime examples of what i was talking about . 
  that being said , i gave six separate examples which attest to the fact that national identity in these countries were instead given over to the ideas of multiculturalism and diversity , and six is a bigger number than one . 
  sarcasm is used by idiots . 
  please , stop . 
  has no good argument . 
  has to resort to sarcasm . 
  but before the inevitable sarky comment , should we look more westwards , perhaps , at the united kingdom , ireland , france , germany , belgium , netherlands ? 
  or would you like to remain with your head buried in the sand ? 
  because of active campaigns against nationalist movements in europe and outright discrimination against anyone displaying any sort of tendency towards national pride . 
  if european governments acted as they were supposed to , and worked for the interests of german people , or irish people , or french people , by promoting national identity and pride , then the people would want it . 
  but because they 're working against this goal , and instead are striving for the same old internationalist line , people are apathetic towards something which their ancestors fought and died for . 
  that 's why people '' no longer wanted it '' . 
  at the expense of national identity *, 
  i heard somewhere that most of his victims were not ethnic germans . 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  i have n't been able to find anything to corroborate this . 
  it 's a slight contradiction , is n't it ? 
  i 'd consider a government 's ability to fight terrorism to include that government 's ability to protect it 's citizens from terrorist attacks . 
  this is something i would think most people would agree with . 
  now , 67 % of people have no faith in their government 's ability to either : a ) target and eliminate the root causes of islamic terrorism , b ) protect citizens from attacks carried out by islamic terrorists or , c ) both . 
  bearing in mind that there is of course a significant overlap between the two sides , 81 % are willing to sacrifice more civil liberties to an entity for which they have no faith when it comes to preventing terrorist attacks . 
  pandemonium has set it , irrationality has taken over and this will deepen in the coming months and years in france and , i would expect , other european countries . 
  we 'll see him sitting in a little dinghy with a long face before long . 
  why ca n't they adapt to french society ? 
  as far as i know , kadyrovs ' father was assassinated by islamists in 2004 . 
  another fellow , alkhanov , took over after him . 
  during this time , kadyrov was prime minister of chechnya , but he had presidential ambitions . 
  come 2007 , he reached the minimum age a person is required to be to stand for president . 
  i honestly do n't know the details , but kadyrov became president and employed all his own people in top positions . 
  why did they put him in that position ? 
  why did they support him ? 
  maybe they saw a familiar face , one who was pro-russian , and thought it best to let it happen and support him . 
  that 's my best bet . 
  stability . 
  having a pro-russian leader of chechnya has led to the strife in chechnya being all but eliminated . 
  in fact , during the lead-up to the sochi olympics , they were able to run the olympic flame through grozny . 
  this , considering the violence that was prevalent there not ten years before , is an immeasurable feat to achieve , especially for a man like putin . 
  kadyrov was the son of a pro-russian chechen warlord , who shared his beliefs , so i guess he was just seen as the best candidate for the job . 
  that 's the why . 
  depending on who you speak to , you 'll get very different perspectives . 
  for me personally , living in a poorer area , most people i 've spoken to are n't feeling particularly optimistic for two major reasons : immigration and services . 
  people in this area , while certainly enjoying greater spending power , still wo n't ever in most probability be able to save up to afford a home of their own , so they 're either in , or in temporary accommodation until they are in line to acquiring , council housing . 
  during the last influx of immigrants , many irish families who had been on the waiting list for years were suddenly knocked back so as to provide for newly arrived peoples first . 
  there 's concern that this might happen again . 
  the next concern , services , has to do with the availability of housing , health , education , etc. 
  there 's just general concern about the availability of affordable housing ( whilst avoiding the mistakes of the past ) not existing , and reform of the health sector and schooling . 
  basically i see two sides , one of which can not see any reason for pessimism , and the other who can not see any real reason for optimism . 
  would you ever stop arguing . 
  they were just giving them a friendly tap on the vagina and buttocks , along with a friendly kiss and lick on the face while they were relieved of the weight of their material possessions by 15-20 men !, 
  and you have the cheek to argue against this german fellow , who feels that these young men , obviously disadvantaged and deranged from their perilous journey into the safety of europe , deserve this lenient sentence . 
  you , sir , are literally hitler . 
  416,000 ecuadorians in spain ? 
  is that colonial immigration ? 
  it 's just it 's such a massive number from a country/region that i would n't have thought was a major source of immigration into a european nation . 
  i 'm leaning towards maltese , because that chap from malta was quite upset when he was addressing a number of meps in his own language and they thought he was joking . 
  have i missed something ? 
  i 'm very conflicted at the moment . 
  i wo n't argue that point . 
  however , i 'm of the opinion that you can do a lot more to affect the taste of desert inside the kitchen with ingredients than you can sitting in the living room . 
  however , one can not deny that policies of europe has helped strengthen the leave sides argument . 
  and secondly , there is the possibility that this will affect a change in europe . 
  this has the possibility of strengthening secessionist movements in other eu countries , including denmark and france . 
  thirdly , this could spark a hardening of position amongst eu counties against eu policies and fundamentally change the dynamics of the european union - this referendum could have very far reaching implications , some of which we can not possibly imagine . 
   the left does n't need fixing yeah . 
  this is sort of the problem . 
  people ca n't realise the deficiencies of their ideologies and then scratch their heads and wonder how things like a brexit could possibly happen , or how trump could have such support . 
  poorly implemented , short-sighted , and not to mention bullheaded , policies in europe in the past 20-30 years has given rise to populist parties across europe and stirred up support for a brexit . 
  poor policies of the left has done this , and , because of the shortcomings of these politicians , the eu is going to be seriously weakened , and far-right , populist parties could be given an avenue to power . 
  the left needs fundamental fixing , in fact . 
  the left can not survive without change . 
  edit ; a word . 
  but a weaker europe is the result of the policies of brussels , not a brexit . 
  https://youtu.be/clqjvkp3ylm the unofficial anthem for the referendum tomorrow . 
  either a troll , or a serious fool . 
  but they 've never said they were restricting the rights of people based on their ethnicity , or their race , or their religion . 
  they said they would tackle legislation which was being funded by outside parties with an agenda . 
  it is quite a leap to quote that paragraph from the manifesto of the afd and say they shall start actively discriminating against people . 
  it is of course open to interpretation . 
  and , let 's say afd will start actively discriminating against different people if they were elected to power . 
  it still does n't take away from my point that parties such as the afd are seen as the only viable alternatives , and that is why people are voting for them , rightly or wrongly . 
  i do n't believe it . 
  i acknowledge it as a serious possibility . 
  not that it was made by former nazis , but that the idea , which was that of former nazis and fascists , was heavily promoted by these individuals in underground circles . 
  many of these same ideals were later seen with the establishment of the european coal and steel community in 1951 , with the goal being future economic integration of the community . 
  yes , nationalists today . 
  this was over sixty years ago . 
  opinions do change with time . 
  but the idea of pan-european nationalism was the original brainchild of far-right leaning individuals . 
  but the eu has moved in a very different direction to how they envisaged . 
  examples which are open to interpretation , especially considering the political and social atmospheres in europe today ( and america , considering your example ) . 
  one could make the very same arguments against the european union and they would be arguments which would hold strong with many different people . 
  you have a very obvious political stance , but the problem is you refuse to see it from a different perspective . 
  there are many people who think that increased state control in people 's lives , and the restrictions of certain rights , are necessary as liberalism is an unviable option .
