  so rather than provide a counterargument to that point , we should just downvote points we disagree with ? 
  / r/europe in a nutshell . 
  as is typical with this subreddit , you 've neglected to actually read and understand my argument . 
   being a european is how i 'm proud about both !, 
  look what i said  please understand that my argument is n't against people who immigrate to another country and still retain some identity . 
  and you 're conflating nationalism with racial prejudice , which i already stated , while i understand perfectly where those notions arise from , that not all nationalists are racist or xenophobic . 
  i do n't hate any minority , historical or contemporary . 
  seen as you were prepared to state in this subreddit that you do n't want to read my argument , i 'll state my opinion clearly . 
  i am not , in anyway , opposed to some immigration , from africa , from asia , from e europe or west . 
  i am opposed to mass immigration , and i am opposed to letting in massive numbers without any plan to integrate these people . 
  i am opposed to letting these people form communities , ensuring that they will not integrate . 
  if countries have to decide , they need to strive towards multiethnicity , not multiculturalism . 
  and as someone who has a great respect for and love of other cultures , you are a fool . 
  so take your preconceived notions elsewhere and try not to be such an ignoramus . 
  edit : and to counter your point about the irish , they emigrated and integrated . 
  my point has not once stated any opposition to people emigrating . 
  not once . 
  my point has been mass immigration , and multiculturalism . 
  all multiculturalism . 
  asian , african , e european , w european . 
  do n't conflate this with a race issue , please . 
  why ca n't you be proud of both ? 
  please understand that my argument is n't against people who immigrate to another country and still retain some identity . 
  it 's policy which enables people to act like they 're still in their own countries . 
  this is what i mean by replacement . 
  if people are brought into a country and encouraged to integrate and assimilate , a natural exchanging of culture will occur . 
  but at the moment the official line is '' we 'll have pockets of people here , and there , and there ... and they 'll all get along fine '' . 
  this , i find , is farcical . 
  every man would like to polish up on his arguments !, 
  i take your point though . 
  and irish ? 
  being irish , all i can say is good choice !, 
  it will be . 
  and while i might have some qualms with multiculturalism , i 'm never going to oppose people who are in love marrying . 
  i 'm not some bigot seeking to intrude in people 's lives . 
  i did n't mean to imply anything . 
  and that 's my main point . 
  while pride can be irrational , and it can not be used to instigate violence or discrimination against any group , it can also be healthy . 
  we have a large group of people who have conflated national pride and identity with malicious racism and xenophobia , and i can not blame them for that . 
  but being proud does not always lead to such beliefs . 
  some of us just want our future generations to remember who they are and where they came from . 
  well there you go . 
  that 's why you disagree with my point of view . 
  because you believe being proud of your countries contributions or it 's advances means you must feel guilty over it 's atrocities . 
  i understand that point . 
  but being proud of your ancestors accomplishments and contributions does not mean one must feel guilt over their crimes , but instead are aware of them . 
  perhaps it was a poor choice of words on my part . 
  you can be aware of your ancestors and fellow countryman 's accomplishments , and this can be a source of pride . 
  can we agree to this ? 
   the math is simple - it 's the 21-st century and in a market economy you need trade . 
  which the eu provides in a large market concentrated in a relatively small and wealthy area compared to the rest of the world . 
  this is getting away from the original point . 
  i agree to this as truth , but i believe we could achieve the same economic prosperity while keeping strong national identities . 
  this is seen as a paradox by some , and it goes back to the end of ww2 and the nazi 's ideas on national identity and culture . 
  and it 's an untruth . 
   yes , around 15 % of the population is foreign born , this is the single argument i 've ever heard , along with they should go home , #imnotracist . 
  you 're not implying that i am a racist are you ? 
  i hope not , because yours was the finest argument i 've heard yet . 
  i 'd hate for it to be spoiled by infantile name-calling . 
  i have no problem with foreign people . 
  being aware of the implications multiculturalism will have on the native culture is in now way racism , nor should it be conflated with such . 
  this is the real issue . 
  when someone presents an opposing point of view , it 's conflated to points completely missing the original argument . 
  i never once said it was required . 
  not once . 
  but why would a person not be proud of the fact that their nation was a major exporter of literature , or science , for example ? 
  and when you say '' i do n't have ... wrongdoings anyway '' ... what about your brother , or sister , or friend ? 
  if they won a major prize for whatever , would you not be proud of them ? 
  even though you had nothing to do with it ? 
   so i should be ashamed of myself or something , or be less proud of what i am ? 
  now do n't be silly . 
  i never said you should be . 
  i never said it was . 
  i was simply asking a question . 
  could you explain why it 's necessarily bad ? 
  having pride in your countries accomplishments is of course good . 
  if your country was an exporter of science , or art , why would you not be proud of that ? 
  yes , in fact , i am . 
  why do you ask ? 
  we see it with the policies which enable and encourage multiculturalism and diversity . 
  that 's the example . 
  i understand that you are german ? 
  correct ? 
  if we look at germany , which has a large turkish minority , how well have turks in germany , or the descendants of turkish immigrants , assimilated into german culture ? 
  my best bet , if the situation is anything like it is here , is that they have not assimilated well , and they 've maintained a strong turkish identity . 
  that is how it 's being replaced . 
  you have large immigrant and immigrant-descended populations who have retained their cultures and are growing . 
  this would not be a problem in of itself , or at least it would be far less pressing an issue , except that ethnic germans , and other ethnic europeans , are reproducing at a much lower rate . 
  thus replacement occurs . 
  i do n't think i need to explain it anymore plainly . 
  do you have any pride in being german ? 
  or in your countries accomplishments ? 
  it 's not superior , but european identity is our own and it 's gradually being replaced . 
  and being proud does not equate to , nor imply that , national identity is not in decline . 
   of course an increase in cultural exchange due to open borders and programmes like erasmus also leads to multiculturalism but not a single person is forced to participate in any way . 
  if it 's open borders , i think the people are collectively forced to participate . 
   and it 's not like national identity is a static concept that has existed unchanged for centuries . 
  of course not . 
  but what we 're seeing at the moment is not the gradual evolution of a culture , which is normal , but is in fact replacement . 
  and how long did it take you to figure that one out ?
