  you 're making dangerous assumptions about where i stand . 
  i do n't wish to see extremists of any leaning in power , but i can aknowledge the fact that there exists serious discontent in europe at the moment , and that people are seeking a new direction . 
   ( a ) a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections ; ( b ) the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life ; ( c ) protection of the human rights of all citizens , and ( d ) a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens . 
  and once again there are people who are saying that the european union are disregarding these core principles , and they have some argument . 
  le pen was removed from the front national several years ago by marine le pen , who has softened the parties stance considerably . 
  and the european union has it 's roots in far-right parties and individuals . 
  should we do away with the union as a result ? 
  after world war 2 , many former nazis and fascists realised that the idea of pan-german nationalism was not a viable option in europe , so a pan-european nationalism was needed . 
  thus we received the eec as an entity . 
  but that then turns back to the question of who is the alternatives ? 
  there are none for people to vote for so they will vote for populist parties , especially people who feel they have been left on the back burner by the eu and are being offered a solution . 
  i think the afd is making the point that anti-discrimination is something which is being supported with funds from groups with an agenda . 
  basically it 's something forced by people who have a need for it to be enforced . 
  yes . 
  until a way to thoroughly vet muslims entering the country could be found . 
  there are a lot of very dangerous people who are muslim who want to wage war on americans . 
  you realise this ? 
  what are the alternatives ? 
  if people are disillusioned with how the current parties are doing things , then they will vote for someone else . 
  the problem is is that there is no one else . 
  there is no moderate platform in europe that is n't seen as being pro-eu , with the eu being seen as the cause of all of europe 's problems by some people . 
  the only ` viable ' alternative is populist parties . 
  also , i think it 's a bit of a stretch to associate some of these parties with nazism . 
  it does n't help your argument at all . 
  can you name me a number of far-right parties who talk about restricting the rights of minorities and acting against the rule of law ? 
  and could you then point out me to an example of their rhetoric which calls for restricting or discriminating against minorities ? 
  but you do n't seem to understand ... merkel said that anyone who needed refuge would not be turned away from the german nation . 
  you 're 100 % correct ; she did n't invite anyone . 
  but do you see how her words might be misconstrued to a person sitting in rubble that was once their home , or living in poverty somewhere else ? 
  she did n't invite anyone , but she did encourage them by being incredibly naive and short-sighted in her words and actions . 
  that is why now the borders in south-east germany , along the greek/macedonian border , in austria , are restricting the numbers who can enter . 
  i 'm not being dishonest nor am i implying anything . 
  i 'm explaining how her words and actions could have been misinterpreted , and how they could have , as i believe they did , encouraged people to male the journey which posed a risk to peoples lives . 
  all nationalism is pretty heavily stigmatised in europe . 
  my god , to call oneself nationalist will leave people thinking you 're some sort of raving lunatic . 
  there is a problem with ultra-nationalism , a serious concern , but the problem is that every party and individual is labeled as an ` ultra-nationalist ' , or ` far-right ' . 
  that 's feeding into populist parties , who are n't far-right typically but are reactionaries , who are saying '' look !, 
  we are fighting for the dutch or swedes or germans or french ... and these people are opposed to it !, 
  they fight for the foreigner before their citizen ! '', 
  and then we have the whole ` us vs them ' point i was making . 
  well , it is encouraging them to make a journey which poses a serious risk to their lives . 
  i 'm sorry , but maybe if you took your head out of your ass for a second you might see that the issue is n't so black and white as you would believe . 
  well , you see , merkel is creating a sort of fourth reich of immigrants and such . 
  i 'm joking obviously . 
  i was meant to reply earlier with an in-depth explanation , but i 'm going through some illness at the moment so it will have to be a brief look . 
  basically , there 's always existed an opposition from certain individuals in the european parliament and different member states to further integration of the bloc . 
  i think it was in 2007 that several meps from poland , sweden , uk and other member states , came together to form a group opposed to the forming of an eu constitution . 
  now , you could say , well look , this is just a few meps opposed to the idea of a constitution and further integration . 
  but , the thing is , their views reflect what a lot of the average person is thinking . 
  there are many people across the bloc who are quite wary of further integration . 
  not for one , but a plethora of different reasons , including a loss of sovereignty , loss of identity , higher taxes , slower economies , increased immigration , increasingly stringent regulations from the eu , ect . 
  now , with the recent financial crisis , the austerity measures , which were seen as ` forced on us ' by brussels , and the migrant crisis ( which has sped up this general skeptic outlook on the eu ) many people are distrusting of the eu 's policies . 
  people see them as totalitarian and indecisive ( if that is n't a glaring oxymoron ) . 
  no one voted for austerity , or increased immigration , or more regulations , ect . 
  and besides that people , people still remember lisbon treaty . 
  people see how greece were treated , both regarding their debt and the migrant crisis . 
  people are looking at increased russian aggression in the east . 
  suddenly people are saying that the eu is too weak regarding the russians . 
  the same with turkey . 
  so it 's become a sort of us vs them scenario , one which is playing right into the hands of the populists , both left and right , who are drumming up support by highlighting these deficiencies of the eu and telling people ` we will win power back . 
  my argument is all over the place really , but there are many reasons why people are n't satisfied with the eu . 
  is leaving it the right thing to do ? 
  i do n't think so , though i think it must be seriously reformed , possibly to eec-like system . 
  the problem is is that the eu is made up of many different people with different cultures and histories and ideas on how government should operate , how taxes work , how much they should interfere in another countries affairs , ect ... thinking increased integration will pass without a hitch , and when the eu faces such serious issues , is the real root of all this feeling . 
  was that a day , / u/lukehauser ? 
  merkel outright encouraged people to make the dangerous journey across the med with her comments . 
  encouraging these people will only put more lives at risk . 
  you say it as if this is something unique to right/far-right politics . 
  to think this is foolish , for left/far-left politics , politicians and people of that disposition are the exact same way . 
  that all being said , the rise of populist parties can not be blamed soley on the people who support such parties or on russia . 
  the eu has enabled deep distrust through its policies and obvious disregard for democracy . 
  people are disillusioned with the eu , and i 'd struggled to blame them . 
  this disillusionment , coupled with the fact that the idea of ` nationalism ' has been made all but a taboo in europe , is feeding into the power of populist parties . 
  there can be no moderate alternatives because moderate parties wo n't touch the notion of nationalism because it 's so stigmatised . 
  so people are going to far-right parties instead , which comes with a whole new set of problems . 
  hopefully not , or we 'll start to receive ludicrous levels of immigration . 
  she took the midnight train goin ' anywhere ... but berlin . 
  a whole extra stripe ?!, 
  you 're putin me on . 
  but the vast majority do n't and are n't willing to accept german culture , or any other culture from europe for that fact . 
  i do n't agree with the '' nation belongs to one race '' ideal , coming from ireland , a country where many people are descended from non-irish backgrounds ( including welsh , english , norman , scandinavian , ect ) . 
  but the difference is that these groups took up irish culture . 
  the official line today is multiculturalism , and that is the problem many people have . 
  i agree . 
  absolutely idiotic . 
  what a racist she is , eh ? 
  quick !, 
  call up thailand and russia !, 
  we need several thousand mail-order brides asap !, 
  typical irish nonsense . 
  the country is fast becoming a nanny state . 
  we have a very serious problem with alcohol abuse in this country , and the official line is with increased tax on alcoholic beverages and packaging detailing alcohol content and other general information on the substance the alcohol culture will be reduced . 
  this is , however , wrong . 
  it 's a ` cop out ' , which makes it seem as if the government are tackling the problem when they are in fact not doing so at all . 
  the culture is deep rooted , and can only be tackled by effective education in school and by parents to raise awareness of the dangers of alcohol . 
  no tax nor any packaging will do this . 
  we need effective education on the benefits of moderate alcohol use ( not to mention other drugs ) . 
  yeah , but to dissuade that argument it needs to be implemented appropriately . 
  it 's a sad truth though that the eu tends to do things arseways . 
  i think it 'd be fantastic for there to be an official european language alongside the national languages , but i doubt this idea will take off .
