  how can a person be integrating into society when they 're putting a physical obstacle between themselves and the people who are supposed to be their fellow citizens ? 
  it makes no sense to me personally . 
  that 's why i feel the burqa should be banned . 
  and ...  just starting to preemptively restrict right based on unsubstantiated fear is a step towards authoritarianism come on . 
  you do n't honestly believe this ? 
  the fascist brigade always show their ugly little heads whenever an issue such as this appear on / r/europe . 
  who 's the ` fascist ' today ? 
  awful display . 
  do n't paint all of us with the same brush . 
  some of us are vehemently opposed to the influx of people being welcomed . 
  but , as fine as the point you made is , it 's not what we were discussing . 
  if that 's what we were discussing then i 'd be more than happy to agree . 
  i 've myself said that integration is key . 
  if you go back and look at one of my previous comments , you 'll see that i 've written that mass immigration is bad for society , as too many arrive in too short a space of time and there is no possibility for integration . 
  i am not opposed to immigration . 
  i can not stress that point enough . 
  i am , however , a firm believer in the shortcomings of the ideals of multiculturalism because these have allowed parallel societies to form ( i also must stress the economic factors which play a major role in fueling these situations ) , the consequences of such we see in belgium , in france , in the united kingdom . 
  instead of saying '' oh , well you 're bosnian , or chinese , or nigerian ... you should be proud of your ancestral cultures and carry them on here in germany , or france '' we should be saying '' you live in germany now . 
  if you wish to be german then you must forgo these traditions in place of the native cultures '' . 
  this is how you bring a nation together , instead of pushing it apart by reinforcing differences . 
  the increasing numbers arriving abroad ( who are n't integrated or assimilated ) , the increasing apathy which the peoples of europe regard their culture and nations , and the increasing ascent of parliament will be the undoing of the nations of europe and the unique cultures of these nations . 
  perhaps you can not or will not see it , but it 's the dread of many people in europe today , myself included . 
  i had an uncle who was an alcoholic . 
  he decided to go cold turkey one day . 
  he died a few weeks/months later from an infection . 
  taking alcohol away suddenly can prove catastrophic and potentially lethal . 
  besides that , people who are addicted can not be forced to go into rehab or disuse drugs/alcohol . 
  they need to make that decision themselves first . 
  i think our differing opinion comes down to a fundamental difference in how we view being german , or irish , or british . 
  but what of german culture , what it means to be german ? 
  there 's no doubt that the vast majority of people who immigrate are there to work , and that they add to society . 
  but is it not also true that they , as more immigrate and , in the case of some demographics , reproduce , there will exist a large proportion of the population of a different culture . 
  then what is germany one hundred years down the line , when german culture is the minority ? 
  can it still be called germany ? 
  why include european ? 
  i 've never claimed you , or anyone else , can not be both . 
  i consider myself irish and european , but i also can recognise that there exists differences between the european peoples and that is why there is a fundamental need to protect national identities and sovereignties . 
   no , absolutely not . 
  this is hypocrisy at it 's finest . 
  `` proud when it suits me , irrelevant when it does n't '' . 
  that 's what you are implying . 
  if i 'm proud of one , i should be guilty as well because i 'm equally related to either side . 
  realistically it 's neither . 
  i have 0 contribution to goethe 's work or the theory of relativity . 
  why would i be proud of something i am completely unrelated to ? 
  i had 0 contribution to either one . 
  starting with the simple fact that me and all my living relatives were not even born at the time . 
  i refrained from using the term ` proud ' and instead substituted it with ` aware ' . 
  perhaps we are of different frames of mind , because i 'm aware of both the accomplishments and atrocities committed in this country in the last few hundred years , or by irishmen and women abroad . 
  and i draw can draw some sense of pride in the country from these accomplishments , i can also realise the crimes perpetrated , be aware of them , and feel shame over the dark moments in our history . 
   and what is stopping you from having your identity . 
  last time i checked , nothing has changed . 
  socially the only thing that 's changed in germany in the past 20 years is atheism taking over . 
  but we still have our christmas markets , we still drink beer freely whenever and wherever we want and no one has even bothered to question those . 
  i should have made clear in my original comment that it was a gradual loss of identity . 
   not at all . 
  it 's has been the only argument i 've gotten so far though - `` send them back '' with not a single piece of rational thought or even space to have a counter argument . 
  and of course , if you do have a counter argument you are a marxist and bla bla bla ( which i 'm probably the least ) . 
  and here i am , grew up in the heart of berlin , a city full of people from iceland to japan and in my 30 years i 'm yet to see how this has been a problem . 
  if anything i see berlin as the most healthy community of all germany . 
  i do n't believe in mass deportations . 
  who 's to say that a person of chinese origin , or congolese origin , or russian origin can not be anymore irish then i ? 
  no one . 
  but i do argue the point that while it 's not impossible , it can be very difficult . 
  and from this tensions can arise and social cohesion can be negatively affected . 
  my argument has always been against mass immigration and the ideals of multiculturalism , because both are view naively , and because the ideals of multiculturalism seem to me to say the native cultures are n't good enough that they need to be enriched from abroad . 
  and in the process , the sense of identity is lost . 
  i 'd have the say qualms if the same was happening to african and asian nations ( as they have in the past , with european and islamic ( islamic only in the case of african ) encroachment on african , asian , native american and amerindian peoples ) . 
  this has always been the crux of my argument - never an attack on people because of race or religion , but on the assumption that it can be executed and maintained with ease , and that the identities of the native population wo n't be harmed in the process . 
  we 're bound to disagree because you wo n't listen to what i have to say . 
  i 've already stated that i have no problem with people immigrating or visiting the country . 
  it 's your preconceived notions that are the problem . 
  because multiculturalism has been proven , time and again , to lead to serious social problems , as we have seen in the united kingdom , in belgium , in france . 
  and besides that , how is being opposed to multiculturalism bigoted ? 
  the answer is , it 's not . 
  i 'm not opposed to other cultures . 
  i speak several languages , i travel frequently to other countries , i enjoy eating cuisines from different countries . 
  how can you answer that ? 
  because multiculturalism has been proven , time and again , to lead to serious social problems , as we have seen in the united kingdom , in belgium , in france . 
  and besides that , how is being opposed to multiculturalism bigoted ? 
  the answer is , it 's not . 
  i 'm not opposed to other cultures . 
  i speak several languages , i travel frequently to other countries , i enjoy eating cuisines from different countries . 
  how can you answer that ? 
   so youre prepared to state in this subreddit that you dont want eastern europeans or western europeans coming to ireland and shitting up the place with their inferior culture ? 
   resorting to insults after one reply is a tell-tale of the irrational man . 
  cool it says the one who implies i 'm a sort of bigot . 
  you have no argument , and would rather making unfounded implications . 
  i understand that fully , and those sorts of nationalists work against moderates , such as myself , by espousing extremist ideas . 
  i have friends of different racial , ethnic and religious groups . 
  i 'm not a racist , a bigot , or a xenophobe . 
  not all nationalists are . 
  but i think policy in the eu needs to change . 
  i should have used the term xenophobe to remove any confusion . 
  i 'm a nationalist and i praise national identity and culture . 
  and nationalism is a misunderstood concept in europe , remote or urban . 
  do you feel pride in your sister 's accomplishments , or your brother 's , or your friend 's ? 
  you downvoted because you disagreed . 
  and besides that , i believe it did add to the discussion . 
  my point was that while stronger economies were built , it was at the expense of national identities .
