you 'd face down a riot squad yourself then , i assume !, 
  you realise that there is a difference between fascism and nazism ? 
  it happened in a place as silly as america - ireland . 
  calm down , adolph !!, 
  you 're set to offend someone with your realistic perception of the illegals in calais !!, 
  and it 's this sort of attitude that 's a major problem . 
  and we 're suffering the consequences of that mass ignorance . 
  what will it take to open your eyes that mass immigration and multiculturalism ** just do n't work ** . 
  what would you suggest we do when a premises is used by it 's owner as a base to spread an ideology which is a threat to society ? 
  it 's an extreme measure certainly , and not one i am going to agree to or disagree with until i have thought it through and considered it 's implications and possible repercussions . 
  there 's a difference between selling historical artifacts , or any item for the matter , and being of a certain ideological stance . 
   actually , their operation probably makes it easier for our verfassungsschutz to monitor who buys stuff there . 
  you 're resting a lot on uncertainty . 
  there 's no doubt that it makes radicalisation easier . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but there are n't large numbers in the catholic or punk/goth communities who are in opposition to our core values and are , as a result , going their own way ? 
  and i never once said nor implied that i was threatened by such stores . 
  but to not be wary of potential threats to society such as extremists elements working behind the scenes in the islamic community is to be a fool . 
  and , i must ask , if this was a store with far-right extremist elements , would they still be '' the least of your concern '' ? 
  tomorrows news : '' mass exodus of teen boys from russia begins '' . 
  i think it 's not so much the shops as it is the idea behind them . 
  and in that it 'd be my opinion that this is why they are so dangerous . 
  they have a different vision for society , one which differs so much from our own , and so are willing to self-segregate themselves from mainstream society . 
  this leaves them more open to extremists who feed them the ` anti-muslim world ' propaganda . 
   from the title i at least would have expected they bring their customers in contact with recruiters for isis . 
  that 's not impossible . 
  i think the original poster was referring to the years after the second world war , when openly racist and ultranationalist parties were demonised because of that party which you mentioned . 
  there 's no need to be silly . 
  bloody hell they 've found us out , smith !, 
  racism = bad , child sex abuse = okay ? 
  would you care to elaborate as to why you agree with her ? 
   turkish-born commentator and former lawmaker ozlem cekic said she would report the school to denmark 's board of equal treatment . 
   `` when a headmaster isolates the brown children from the white in an upper secondary school , he is part of sending a signal that the whites must be protected from the brown , '' she wrote on facebook . 
  bit of a stretch , is n't it ? 
  the wall up north really did something to keep the picts out though . 
  roman engineering . 
  oh come off it . 
  i made a mistake . 
  if it annoys you that much than i 'll fix it for you . 
   we do tax only for the % created in ireland  apple paid an effective tax rate of 12.5 % for everything produced here in ireland . '', 
  there . 
  and the reason is ? 
  all this is going to do is hurt future investment into europe , which is going to be devastating for all the smaller eu countries . 
  why , just look at cyprus . 
  miss vestager is apparently the commissioner for competition and yet she killed over 500 jobs and reduced competition after the cyprus airways ruling , and she does n't seem content to leave it at that . 
  what does that prove ? 
  apple paid an effective tax rate of 12.5 % for everything produced here in ireland . 
  it 's not our job to govern foreign state 's tax policies . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  we do tax only for the % created in europe . 
  the european commission 's ruling is saying we should collect tax for products sold outside of europe . 
  is it right that we abuse such a loophole ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but at the same time the irish economy is built around mnc 's , so forcing us to make such a damaging move and ruin our reputation and any future foreign direct investment is just as wrong . 
  what is the csu stance on immigration and merkel 's open door policy ? 
   as this is n't a criminal investigation and they might be getting 13 billion euros for offering an illegal agreement this will throw into disrepute our reputation abroad though , and endanger any future foreign direct investment . 
  our economy is heavily reliant on mncs so we do n't want 13 billion euros . 
  i 'll also point out that i feel it is dangerous for the european commission to be able to impose retroactive taxes on companies operating in europe , and reiterate my point that this sets a dangerous precedent that the e commission can influence sovereign tax policy . 
  i will read up on those cases you mentioned . 
  i did look it up actually , but the burden of proof is always on the person making the claim . 
  they said one thing and it is their job to back it up . 
  can you provide any links , or shall we rely on hearsay ? 
  even when many other european countries have special tax deals ? 
  why is ireland the one who is singled out and punished ? 
  so the european commission should have the ability to interfere with a sovereign state 's tax system ? 
  would that not set a very worrying precedent ? 
  i think you hit the nail on the head with your comment . 
  taking into account the points you mentioned , can it not be argued that the existence of such groups such as the identitarian movement points to some shortcomings in certain policies , in this case immigration ? 
  i never said that that was n't a factor to play . 
  but it 's impossible to say that a lack of employment and education opportunities has n't also contributed to the issues today . 
  one story , and you again neglect the main point of my comment . 
  * sigh *, 
   `` numerous sexual assaults and rapes of women and children '' are happening by europeans with the refugees being the victim !, 
  can you prove this ? 
  and i 'm not even talking about terrorism . 
  if you had read my entire comment you could have seen that . 
  i was talking about the potential for ethnic and sectarian conflict throughout europe in the coming decades . 
  i also stated that my view was that the only responsible thing to do was to increase the stability in these countries . 
  the mass movement of people into europe will not end well for anyone , neither european or otherwise . 
  i apologise if i made that implication . 
  i did n't mean to imply that it was all on the turks in germany . 
  and i 'll hopefully rectify that mistake by saying that social and economic exclusion was not contained to germany alone . 
  the same has been true in france and in britain . 
   the only sizeable negative consequences of immigrants right now are the criminal acts comitted by europeans against refugees . 
  what ? 
  the numerous sexual assaults and rapes of women and children by migrants across europe are not a '' sizeable negative consequences of immigrants '' ? 
  the shootings in paris or lorry attack in nice were not '' sizeable '' enough for you ? 
  or what about radicalisation of people of immigrant-descent , and the masses that have traveled to syria and iraq to fight for daesh ? 
  are none of these things '' sizeable '' enough for you ? 
  i agree that it is us failing at the moment , but not why you think . 
  we broke away from tyranny at the end of the second world war and embraced liberalism in europe , and then we stopped because we were content with our own lives . 
  we neglected the fundamental belief in liberalism that poverty must be eradicated in order that liberty can be attained . 
  we did n't care for the poor devils in africa , asia or the middle east because we were fed and comfortable . 
  and this is the consequence of our inability to pursue economic stability in the developing world . 
  do we need to do something for the poor , the starving and the persecuted in these poorer countries ? 
  i believe so . 
  but is the solution letting millions stream across our borders , without the capacity to properly grant them asylum ? 
  i believe it is not . 
  and though we are failing morally if we reject these migrants , at least we 're not condemning our children to decades of social discohesion and ethnic/sectarian conflict because of our shortcomings . 
  i 'd put it down to differing cultures . 
  you also can not neglect the fact that many immigrant communities in europe are also massively socially and economically deprived .
