  but they are n't in a coalition , are very antagonistic against each other , and as last news they were still arguing about maybe possibly making a coalition . 
  sometime in the nearby future . 
  it those loooong list of conditions are met . 
  the party that won the elections is the one appointed , and now will ave to look for supports on the rest of the parliament , as they are governing in minority . 
  as is usual when a party in a democratic nation does not get the majority votes . 
  just claim you are a syrian refugee , they will point the fastest path to the closest border . 
  if varies by region . 
  here in spain when a tourist kill himself doing something stupid it usually is a german or swiss , unless lots of alcohol is involved ( then , of course , it 's a brit ), 
  those nations that were the ones who actually negotiated the lisbon treaty ? 
  and had veto power over it before it was passed ? 
  what about them ? 
  dubrovnik is vastly popular , but in truth many people will not know any other croatian city . 
  i think that for hidden gems you need to look at eastern europe or the balkans , who have been developing their tourism industry ( relatively ) recently . 
  if a city in spain or italy or france does not have visitors , it 's for a reason . 
  it was aliens . 
  well , they had to get bored of kidnapping redneck americans eventually . 
  damn . 
  ok , but call us first and check the time , it may be the coffee break and we will have to stall the invasion for a couple hours . 
  or three . 
  well , the next day is fine too , if it does not rain . 
  times have changed . 
  with international public opinion being what it is , we need a civil war to ~ ~ force you to return to spain where you belong ~ ~ bring back freedom and democracy to our beloved neighbours . 
  ok , so plan a was maybe a little too hasty , but let 's face it , we were counting on english-speaking world press talking about problems latin nations without doing the research , we did not think we would need to put too much effort . 
  tea . 
  lots of tea . 
  as long as there is no tea crisis the uk will survive any adversity . 
   i blame the spanish actually as a portuguese , you can seldom be wrong on this . 
  even if we are innocent ( that time ) we probably were thinking about it . 
  spain , in its 38 years of democracy , has had leftt pms for 22 years , right pms for 12 years , and a centre coalition for its first 4 years of democracy . 
  the psoe has won 6 elections with 3 absolute majorities , and the pp has won 3 elections with one absolute majority . 
  i honestly do n't know where do you get that the current generations of spanish voters are right-leaning, 
  that does not makes a fringe view . 
  i makes it a majority view people are ashamed to own up in public . 
  loud ? 
  are we living in the same country ? 
  in the bull conflict , the only loud ones are the anti-fighting parties . 
  you may argue they have reasons for being loud ( i do not mind bullfight , so i do not care , but if you * do * care public protest will probably be a logical solution ) but you can not claim their opponents - who completely ignore the conflict , except * very * occasional troubles - are the loud ones . 
  no , it does n't . 
  no one cares except the few people who like bullfighting - and very seldom comment on it - and a very vocal minority that likes to shout outside the plaza every time there is a bullfight . 
  more than one group that does not like spain - catalan secessionists being the latest - use bullfighting as one of their symbols , because , as the article says , it was the national fiesta , but claiming that the catalan separatists and spain 's peope are divided due to the bulls is rather ridiculous ; the reasons are plenty and far more complex that `` oh , poor widdle bulls being hurt '' - indeed , those catalan parties that banned bullfights like their own regional bull festivals just fine . 
  `` xxx nation respects human rights '' is a yes/no question . 
  * of course * they do not acknowledge human rights . 
  that 's why , going back to the start of the argument , you * can * accuse them of not respecting human rights . 
  because , as a matter of fact , they do n't respect human rights . 
  yes , i bloody can . 
  and i do not want to tolerate even a little bit people that do not acknowledge my personal right to not be thrown our of a window in my city 's main square to a cheering mob because i like dudes . 
  greece has empty , unused rocks in the sea . 
  anything that deserves the name of `` island '' has people living on it . 
  the population density of europe is huge . 
  it has no outback or great plains anywere . 
  really ? 
  a paquistani serving maid in oman or a miner in peru are part of the problem ? 
  gosh , i am so enlightened . 
  one big truck damages the road more than a car . 
  but there are dozens of cars crossing that road for every truck . 
  to play devil 's advocate , usa universities have all right to work with the usa military to their hear 's content . 
  not with the chinese one . 
  everybody is short on pandas . 
  that 's why they are a threatened species . 
  the `` taxpayers '' that use those roads are at least one order of magnitude higher than the bus and trucks driving on the roads - and both bus and transport companies pay taxes , too . 
  he is serbian . 
  just be glad the explanation was not done by a finn , you would not be legally allowed to drive in spain just by reading it . 
  five minutes after this is made legal in the west , debeers will have convinced you to buy her a new ring for every contract renovation . 
   this is the important part . 
  not really . 
  the important part , imo , is the whole `` left before the realms were formally joined in the 18th century '' . 
  if you had not done it before that , it would not matter if if had been for a few decades or a few hours , you would have stopped being continously independent . 
   yeah but it is more of an unimportant operation it was not unimportant . 
  it is one of the iconic operations of the war , even though it never happened hell , it probably is iconic because it never happened , because an actual operation sealion would have been a huge defeat for the germans , but as a future plan it will always be a `` what if '' scenario . 
  he lived in france , surrounded by french . 
  that he tried to leave by any means possible is perfectly understandable . 
  it 's never nice to live in denial , you know . 
  we are sure you will get over your teenage rebellion phase any decade now and return home . 
  more seriously , `` spain '' got its border in 1514 , not 1492 ( the conquest of navarra ) but it was actually more of a geographic location , which often included ( independent ) portugal . 
  imperial spain was actually a sort of federation of independent kingdoms , each with their own armies , laws , parliaments , and so on , all ruled by the same person . 
  portugal was one of those federated kingdoms for a few decades , but left before spain 's different kingdoms were formally merged ( it was the bourbons , sometime around 1715 , i think ), 
  now i am having flashbacks of europa universalis . 
  death to the blue blob !, 
  yes . 
  we in europe only call english those people born in scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  oh , yes , i forgot , the ones born in england too . 
  the oil is underground , and people do live safely in hiroshima and nagasaki right now , so ... 
  since most of his crazy rhetoric is that , rhetoric meant to earn ratings , that he would forget as soon as he stepped into the big room with the blue carpet , his impact in europe would be minimal compared with any other possible president . 
  it has never amused me . 
  this attitude is one of the main reasons fascism is on the rise all over the western world . 
  when everything is fascism , people stop paying attention and then actual fascism returns to the foreground . 
  and then its `` oh , they are calling the newest party 's program fascist . 
  again . 
  can not they think on a newer insult ? '', 
  but it 's the dutch ? 
  is it * really * a hate crime , or we are just following ancestral european traditions ? 
  i am worried about all that water that still remains between the frisian islands and the mainland . 
  are you guys getting lazier or something ? 
  just like the uk , then ? 
  for a certain value of `` issue '' , of course , since most , if not all , of these parents studied under the egb education system , which was the last system in spain that `` tortured '' the students by demanding truly awful things like `` you need to pass the exams to avoid repeating the year '' and `` if you do n't do the homework , you fail '' , and they survived . 
  but i am sure the current system , `` we will let you graduate even if you fail half your classes , and now we have decided homework is child abuse '' is * much * better , and will let our students finally climb out from their position ( 23 out of 28 oecd countries , if you were wondering ) in the pisa . 
  well , there is also pornhub . 
  yes , but let 's face it , iceland is 320,000 people . 
  you could , at worst , fit all these people in one or two new cities using geothermal energy to warm then while the rest of the island freezes . 
  yes , the portuguese courts proclaimed joao iv in 1640 .
