  moving a whole church is a lot of work , and burning the church and building a new one fulfils both the anti-clerical and religious feelings of the village at once . 
  though , let 's be honest , italy does not win because they would never sell any the paintings who would win . 
  you have the chance , hold out until they offer a comfortable sofa at minimum . 
  nations that have a descriptor in then use the `` el/los '' : `` los estados unidos de am\u00e9rica '' , `` el reino unido '' , `` los pa\u00edses bajos '' , `` la union sovi\u00e9tica '' . 
  compare china : you say `` china '' or `` la rep\u00fablica popular china '' . 
  this is becasue in the the second case the subject is `` rep\u00fablica '' , and then you add descriptors to differentiate it from other republics . 
  yes . 
  it 's one of the weirder spanish rules . 
  plural words get double letters ( the two common examples are eeuu , `` estados unidos '' and ssmm `` sus majestades '', 
  please , throw them some wine and cheese , do anything stereotypically english ( yes , even if you are from glasgow ) so they can complain and sneer about those damned brits , and they will be happy as pigs in mud . 
  i suddenly feel the need to call for an adult . 
  and , oh god , it can not be germany ... canada ? 
  can you home overseas for a holiday a few weeks ? 
  i suppose it could be sneaky russian * zombie * spying , which is even more interesting . 
  the left spent decades discriminating against us , too . 
  or have you forgotten history ? 
  when they discovered they could use homosexuality for their own purposes , things started to change . 
  so yes , i am more than okay to learn that the right has finally discovered they can use my identity to earn votes in a way than is not `` prosecute the deviants '' . 
  so hopefully next generation of right wing politicians will not be , as a rule , anti-gay . 
  they have stopped being sexist , after all . 
  yes , when they beat you in a side street it will be because you provoked them with your gayness , not because they are filthy homophobes . 
  we should all go back to our closet where we will no longer provoke anyone with our deviant ways . 
  but marches with the sole purpose of upsetting conservative christians are perfectly legit ? 
  because we all know more than a few marches have been organized for this very purpose , and the left gays applauded them . 
  hypocrisy is seldom tolerable . 
  as a gay man , i could not care less about upsetting conservative christians who hate me . 
  in a shocking revelation , i do not care either about upsetting conservative muslims who hate me . 
  because the far right christians are pretty offensive , but at least * they * do n't rule any nation where they throw people like me out of windows or hang them of construction cranes . 
  legally . 
  in the us , right now , there is a major public figure using the evil immigrants as a cornerstone of his presidential campaign , and whle many dislike him , many also agree with what he says . 
  i remember that article . 
  it was very amusing : they released twin brothers in central andalusia . 
  a few months later , one was in the algarve and the other in navarra , having walked over 700 km in opposite directions . 
   well then let 's put all kids in a lot of clubs and such by `` default '' . 
  if they do n't want to stay in them , they will leave them anyway . 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  but parents do this . 
  they put their kids into dancing lessons , they send them to summer camp , they join the boy scouts , they take them to watch their favourite baseball teams , they teach them to surf ... as the child gets older they will have their own opinions and hobbies , but child 's parents will expose them to all their own hobbies , plus all the things they personally believe are appropriate for kids . 
  trying to make that , of all their life choices , religion will be the one and only exception that they will not expose their kids is naive . 
  all parents do this . 
  the difference between a good and bad parent is that , when your learn your kid hates fishing and prefers reading sci-fi you stop with the camping trips and take him to a star trek convention . 
  but his point is that a baptised kid has the decision - they can stop visiting the church the moment they leave home to live on their own , and if they feel the need to be official , you only need to fill a form in your diocese to stop being a catholic ; i assume other christian sects also have their own steps for formal apostathy no mater how atheist you feel as an adult , you can not grow your foreskin back . 
  portuguese , as everybody knows , are just spaniards in denial , so they are allowed to insult spain as much as they want . 
  you should watch yourself . 
  this is how that harald-william argument started , and look how it ended . 
  and now you do n't even have to german menace distracting them on the other border . 
   using filthy french words and all that . 
  defeating us after the spanish netherlands thing was forgiveable , but that you turned to the * french * afterwards is not . 
  spain did not conquer the netherlands either . 
  for that matter , england also inherited aquitaine . 
  that did not make those possessions magically not spanish or english . 
  not too much , because the european parliament is legally supposed to have a maltese interpreter , like all the other official languages . 
   but all of its holdings , with the exceptions of ireland , gibraltar , malta , and cyprus , have been outside europe and aquitaine ? 
  aka , half of france ? 
  or calais ? 
  the united kingdom has history with france , spain and germany , and most of it is bad . 
  and yes , to be fair , those nations also have history with each other . 
  which is the point of the argument , actually . 
  you have never seen them in a coastal town with lots of bars and cheap drinks . 
  the french are * really * lazy . 
  in spain we only needed 80 years for the whole spanish netherlands thing . 
  i 'm not a college student . 
  i am in my thirties , actually . 
  and putting the only internet-connected computer your small children are allowed to use in the living room , where you can watch their use , is not that hard . 
  if the parents think are old enough to have a private computer they can use without supervision , then they are old enough to watch porn . 
  if they think otherwise , then they should n't have bought their kid the computer in the first place . 
  i seriously dislike this parenting style . 
  `` oh , noes , watching 10 year old child is hard , let 's make the government do it in my place '', 
  it 's the parent 's responsibility to care for their children . 
  if they do n't want the kids to watch porn in the net , they should either learn to block it , supervise directly their surfing , or get rid of the internet . 
  but their neighbour should not need to jump extra hoops in their own home just because they are lazy and want the government to educate their children . 
  not really . 
  there is a mayor media manipulation in place , but the thing is , the opposition also does it . 
  if el mundo or abc wo n't run a scandal , you can bet el pais will have it on the first page , or the other way round, 
  it is possible that is a crazy plan , and one that can not be done in decades . 
  but i think a person that has these kind of dreams * is * the one we want as director general of the esa, 
   greece should just start charging pay per view for all of their political bouts . 
  at minimum they should charge royalties for all the live feeds from the european parliament and such , i suspect they have gotten more views in the last few months than in the preceding 50 years combined . 
  the easy and disastrous . 
  i suspect the psoe has learned the lesson from ciu 's collapse : be very , very careful when feeding the parties that want to eat you , or they may eat you . 
  they can afford several regional alliances : if things go sour , they can play the `` xxx region 's psoe '' card , like the often do in catalonia . 
  some will not beleiev them , but it will be enough to save face , * if * they keep a clean national party . 
  well , europe is the homeland to the regional denominations of products ... so you can only legally sell something as `` lesbian porn '' if it has been made in lesbos ? 
  just the idea of kohl opening a raw stick of butter and eating like that ( maybe even extending it towards me and asking if i wanted some ) would be enough to make me sign absolutely * anything * before things reached that far . 
  `` of course you can have scotland , dear ... 
  if you sign the treaty * right now * and return to berlin i 'll also add yorkshire gratis ! '', 
  they did suffer the consequences . 
  that is what happens when you are on the losing side of a war you started , lots of shit in your nation are broken , and your enemies are vindictive . 
  before they got helped the helpers made sure they would not have the capacity to do the same again in generations , plus they forced them to lose about one third of their territory . 
  not to mention that they imposed a new government and constitution . 
  it was only after all this was done to the allies 's satisfaction that germany was helped . 
  they probably deserved it , since they started the war . 
  but let 's not pretend that the allies simply forgave and helped them for the goodness of their hearts . 
  they made germany pay dearly for the war beforehand , and they used west germany as a ( necessary ) buffer state against communism afterwards . 
   yet after this the other countries were n't like `` sucks to be german , your own fault , deal with your shit yourself '' but other countries actively tried to get ( west ) germany on its feet . 
  it has been 81 years since that election , yet they keep blaming germany for nazism * every single time * the nation or its politicians do something they do n't like abroad . 
  we are still in denial about cuba , so it does not count . 
  not only that . 
  the last few days i have notices a lot of similar comments about ( mostly easter europe ) nations that are against a bailout , and most of them were on the lines `` germany told them so so merkel looks like the good cop '' i , personally , am for helping greece , but a nation can have plenty of reasons to be against without needing to be told so by germany . 
  also , nothing will allow merkel to look like the good cop in any argument .
