  as a long time paradox games player , i fully agree . 
  no amount of genocidal war , ethnic cleansing or forced population displacement is too much when it comes to nice looking borders . 
  they still are properly crowned in the stone of scone . 
  and you do n't understand that judges - or , rather , expensive defence lawyers who are the ones who will make the claims of innocence - do n't need a famous person using that defence , because * they already use it all the time * . 
  despite that they seem to think , the media do not run the justice system . 
  edit : in fact , the infanta sets a bad precedent for those wives , because she avoided jail , but still has to pay a quarter million euros fine . 
  i think that the scots have been planning to keep the royal family for themselves , on the grounds that it was theirs first . 
  oh , so it is perfectly fine for rich politician wives to get off with all the corruption as long as the press does not feel like making a scandal ? 
  the infanta 's sentence is not going to set any precedent , as you claimed , because the judges do not rule with press headlines , but with the current jurisprudence , and that jurisprudence has been used pretty successfully by `` innocent '' wives for all our democratic history , and probably for all the dictatorship too . 
  the precedents have been set a long time ago . 
  legal * precedent * ? 
  are you serious ? 
  `` i 'm just the wife '' has been used , * succesfully * , for decades in corruption cases , even in truly scandalous cases where the husband is a pauper because every single thing in the household is under the wife 's ( with no known job or inheritance ) name . 
  their ( eu ) official languages are gaelic and maltese . 
  each eu nation with more than one official languages had to pick one to be the `` official '' in the eu . 
  when the uk leaves , the eu will no longer have english as an official language . 
  it was the spanish flag when florida was spanish, 
  if having `` viking blood '' even after you change culture is enough , the thirty years war had a viking invasion of germany . 
  well , of course . 
  or with some gaseosa or lemon soda . 
  but can you imagine a sangria made with american wine ? 
  oh , poor france . 
  i am triggered just looking at it , i do n't even want to think what they are feeling right now ,, 
  renewable has been an `` alternative '' for 30 years and we are still waiting . 
  but even then , reaching the low countries still leaves the uk , france , spain , portugal and italy . 
  about 200 million people in industrialised nations with strong weapons industries . 
  in 1944 they only reached halfway to germany , * and * they were allied with half of europe and the us . 
  and he started with a much , much poorer and less industrialised nation . 
  i think many people do not realise how fast a nation can arm itself with political will and a committed population . 
  you are italy . 
  do n't worry , by the time they are finished with poland , the czechs and france you will have arranged a proper alliance . 
  they also have to live where there are jobs for them . 
  we conquered you guys once with less provocation . 
  i would be very careful , it 's a very nice country you have , it would be a shame if something happened to it . 
  not really . 
  sorry , guys , i mean , you try , but france and england are in the race , there is not way you can win . 
  you guys have a very weird way to spell cristobal colon . 
  why would you want to go ? 
  i mean , it is very beautiful , but i have heard many concerning rumours , and most of them claim that paris is full of parisien people . 
  except nordic , of course . 
  there is a big `` usa '' with six arrows pointing to it southwest of ireland . 
  i 'm not sure we should allow it , they are in africa ... 
  `` rape '' used to mean kidnapping by force - it comes from the latin rapere , `` to snatch , to grab , to carry off '' . 
  in roman law , `` raptus '' was the crime of carrying off a woman by force , with or without sex . 
  the word changed meaning , but the original meaning can still be seen in the titles of old works like this one . 
  indeed , the original name for the painting ( in spanish , it was painted for philip ii of spain ) is `` el rapto de europa '' , `` rapto '' meaning kidnapping . 
  it also includes gunnbjorn fjeld , despite specifically excluding it ( and mt. 
  ararat ) in the legend . 
  it seems that the map shows all the highest points of european countries that actually fit in the map , even if they are outside europe, 
  he has been incredibly smug ever since the peloponnese became an island . 
  he has plans for the rest of greece , too . 
   you cut france in two . 
  i 'm ok with this , but it probably should be refined to avoid the confusion of two frances . 
  we should keep the southwestern half , and italy can get the southeastern half . 
  the fasces is a symbol of the republic . 
  the roman republic . 
  it was a badge of office for roman magistrates , and since them has been used in plenty of heraldic settings in western nations . 
  nations only have one official language in the eu , no matter how many are official in their own borders . 
  ireland picked gaelic as their choice , and malta maltese . 
  the united kingdom picked english , obviously . 
  he was ( well , is ) a bastard , but god do i miss aznar negotiations with the eu , every time i see one of his successors cave about everything even before they are asked to . 
  i have to : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pcybcpkm5c, 
  what ? 
  this historical aberration is completely intolerable . 
  england , do you fancy a small alliance to invade poland ? 
  in the waning years of dictatorship , spain began to open to tourism . 
  tourist girls were not bound by the unwritten `` morality '' laws that forbade , among other things , bikinis . 
  that , of course , was true for all foreign tourists . 
  but then came the `` destape '' . 
  which means `` uncovering '' and was a cinema genre that was born once the press moral censorship was abolished , and consisted mostly on females that got naked ( yes , the genre and its plots were * that * bad ) while `` average '' - ie , the most stereotypical caricature possible - guys seduced them . 
  one of the defining characters of this era was `` the hot swedish tourist girl '' , which may have lines on the scripts , but no one would care or remember them . 
  hot swedish blondes with very small bikinis and an unexplainable obsession for short middle aged guys has been part of spain 's popular imagery since then . 
  not by independence . 
  the county of portus cale was created by the kingdom of asturias , then was part of galicia ( when asturias split into asturias , galicia and leon ) and was part of leon ( which also owned asturias and galicia then ) by the time of independence . 
  oh , god , you went there . 
  this is an european sub , you fool , we have started centuries-long genocidal campaigns for far lesser provocations . 
  because they are inferior , duh . 
  if you guys had been properly genocidal back when you had your empire , you too would be allowed in the big boys table . 
  after you need to go back one thousand years ( * 1066 * was the last serious foreign invasion ) trying to claim they are not native is trolling . 
   frankly who cares if it uses tax payers money ? 
  it 's not as if billions are n't waste every year . 
  yes , and the reason they are wasted is exactly this attitude . 
  * i * fucking care that tax payers money is wasted , because it 's my money that i paid . 
  no , unfortunately . 
  the separation itself is automatic ( two years after article 51 is raised ) , whether they have reached an agreement or not by the end of the time limit . 
  if there is no deal they default to wto rules until a new treaty is negotiated . 
  let 's face it , such an utterly awesome yet crazy plot can only come from japan . 
  so , they get what they deserve ? 
  because i have little respect of people who can not be bothered to vote and them complain about the results . 
  no , we win that because obviously the netherlands are rightful spanish clay , which means indonesia is ours too . 
  they do n't have * income * tax , but they have vat and corporate income tax ( and a few minor others , like beverage tax or registration fees ), 
  it is not a crime * foreign * income tax evasion . 
  i am sure monaco 's laws feel very different about it when it 's their own ( probably much smaller ) tax . 
  shut up before they hear you , you start with jokes like this and then they are annexing the sudetenland . 
  we did not care last time , true , but now i suspect that menorca would be second on the list . 
  * notices flair * of course it was an austrian the one who started everything ... 
  yes , but when he hunted young men he only used the animal shape to * kidnap * then , not for anything else , unlike the females . 
  so what did greeks consider normal female behaviour when `` a giant swan appeared when i was bathing , and now i am pregnant , darling ! '', 
  was accepted as a reasonable excuse ? 
  one has to wonder about what exactly greek women got on to make all those zeus legends be created .
