   hey can then often take cash from the register to add to the tipping jar . 
  no , they can not . 
  when you close for the day , the money ( the actual cash , not the sales total that includes credit cards ) in the register has to balance . 
  if you take 5 euros to the tip jars , then when you close the register you will be 5 euros short , because the 5 extra charge in the credit card will not appear in the `` cash '' section , which is the one that the register counts to close the day . 
  they can only do this if they have older registers ( where you close the day by hand ) , not the modern ones that look like computers . 
  latin was the language of the romans , so the theory looks pretty sound , of you ask me . 
  deported immigrants are not deported to their home town , they are deported to whichever border/airport in their nation the authorities find more convenient . 
  like moscow of saint petersburg . 
  in spain we usually use tunnels under the highways to allow animal crossing , rather than bridges . 
  the spanish inquisition had two purposes : originally , to check whether the jewish conversos were truly converted rather than faking it , and after the protestant reform , to stamp any and all protestant heresy . 
  witches were an afterthought , because many inquisitors did not believe in witchcraft . 
  the basque country ( the area in red ) was the biggest `` witchcraft '' prosecution hotspot , apparently because in the french basque country they loved burning their witches . 
  but after spain 's biggest and most famous witchcraft case , the witches of zugarraurdi , where two fanatical inquisitors accused hundreds of people and killed 11 witches , several inquisitors complained to the supreme council of the inquisition about the trials ( including one fo the judges , who disagreed with the sentence ) the inqusition ordered a full investigation ( they asked that judge who had disagreed , the inquisitor alonso de salazar y fr\u00edas ) . 
  alonso spent several months examining the area , and his conclusion was that all the accusations had been false , due to torture or revenge against disliked neighbours . 
  furthermore , he said than every confession related to magic was ridiculous , the magic potions did not work ( and many had been invented in the spot by random accused persons , under threat of the inquisitors ) , and that upon medical examination , the women who claimed to have sex with the devil were still virgins . 
  he decided that it was actually the priests sermons the ones who created the witchcraft hysteria , and in most areas there had never been signs of witches until the town priest began preaching against them . 
  another humanist , pedro de valencia , in a study asked by the inquisitor general , stated that self-proclaimed witches were n't heretics , but mentally ill people , so instead of treating them with religious prosecution , they should be cured of their madness . 
  ( cured by beating them with sticks . 
  because enlightened 17th century inquisitor still is 17th century inquisitor ), 
   also no pork and fish not counting as meat here makes it seem lower . 
  i 'm not sure , you can see israel on the map and it is dark red . 
  i probably has more to do with the price of meat than anything else . 
  it 's too late . 
  article 50 has * already * been invoked . 
  brexit is on , europe and britain are just in the `` negotiate the last details '' phase , and that phase has a set time limit . 
  yet i was in avila two days ago and i wanted to die , almost 35\u00ba . 
  it 's your guys ' fault , saint jordi killed them all . 
  but the the singers had * fabulous * hats in their heads . 
   the eu seems to be clamping down regulations making it less desirable . 
  the problem is that the eu is still the eu : 28 ( 27 ) nations with over 400 million people . 
  banks will still need to operate withing the eu , and they will be forced to use whatever legislation the eu has , no matter how desirable or undesirable it is . 
  celtas cortos are from valladolid . 
  you can not get more old castillian without donning a helmet and invading some random pagans . 
  i can not distinguish which one is the spanish and which one is the portuguese ? 
  and the only readable words are in english , go figure . 
  the plaza de espa\u00f1a is pretty far away from the historical centre . 
  now i am disappointed . 
  because the thumbnail image totally looked like a pyramid , and i though this was some vegas-style fake pyramid in a baltic coastal resort , and i was wondering why i had never heard of somethign that awesome . 
  look , up there where the houses start , where there is a small protruding cape to the sea , you should start building a huge ass pyramid-shaped casino , please . 
   big battles were fought in this peninsula . 
  actually , not really . 
  among european neighbour nations , spain and portugal are among the more peaceful . 
  the wikipedia list of spanish wars has 6 wars against portugal ( 7 if you count the peninsular war ) . 
  meanwhile , the list has 32 wars against france . 
  we can spare 15\u00ba c or so , if you guys want some . 
  the room is a half circle . 
  there are people sitting across the display ( indeed , you can see the people sitting just beside the display : the seats go round all the way ) . 
  there is another display on the other side . 
   although this is more on the austrians and you failed to conquer vienna when you had the chance . 
  q.e.d. , it is all turkey 's fault . 
   you are correct , it is still a fact not many people are aware of . 
  that is * their * problem , not qin artisans ' . 
  two artistic styles both using paints to cover their statues does not show a relation , because this is not only very common , it probably is more common than leaving the statues unpainted . 
  also , if your masons know how to build a stone aqueduct without mortar , probably the thing will be cheaper than one where you need stone * and * mortar . 
   out of the 7 ancient wonders only the pyramids were n't greek . 
  the original `` seven wonders '' was a list created by a greek , you know . 
  there was n't a poll to choose the best . 
   interestingly enough , both were painted in vibrant colors , but that is very common in statuary , despite what many people think : indian temples , egyptian funerary figurines , mayan stucco bass-reliefs , catholic saints ... 
  if the tale os true , it 's not as if china would have been lacking artisans , once someone brought up the `` let 's make 6 foot tall anatomically correct statues like those barbarian foreigners '' idea . 
   and today we have three active civil wars or , as a roman would call them , `` minor regional disputes that are strangely peaceful . 
  why , there has not even been a single city finding all its male population exterminated while the females and children are sold as slaves , as is right and proper '', 
  i just googled it , and czech language look like , difficult , dude . 
  and it 's full of symbols that i am fairly sure are made-up letters just to mess with foreigners . 
  ah , spanish love at its best . 
  i 'd tell you to kiss and make up , but the madrile\u00f1os already asked paris first . 
  you may try for a threesome , though . 
  they are french , they probably are up for it . 
  they will not lose 10 % of the shares . 
  they will lose 10 % of the yearly dividends . 
  for one year . 
  losing 10 % of your * profit * ( not your total income ) for one year is an inconvenience , not a disaster . 
  to be more specific , they get their news online from google news instead of the fox news ( or cnn , for that matter ) web page . 
  and if they are ruled against in the appeal , they will have to pay the original tax and the delay interests . 
  it 's a gamble : i pay nothing , or i pay more than i would have . 
  crimea * is * part of russia now according to russian law . 
  that is the whole point of refusing to recognise it . 
  er ... `` was '' ? 
  do the good people at the telegraph realise that the uk still is in the eu ? 
  there has not been brexit yet , they are still in negotiations . 
  everything is better with some glazing on top . 
   ever wonder why almost all languages of europe sound alike ? 
  yes , something called `` the roman empire '' . 
  indo-european languages have common roots for many words , but they do not sound alike unless there is a far closer relation . 
  bengali and spanish have very little in common despite both being indo-european . 
  you are . 
  brave and courageous assholes . 
   they 're separate issues for me . 
  this . 
  i know nothing about british liberal democrats or conservatives , but why do so many people seem to think that to support a party you have to agree 100 % with everything they do , all the time ? 
  lately i have found scurvy easier , and as a plus you can also use it to kill incompetent sons . 
  you can never find a good depression or a proper plague when you need to kill yourself . 
  look , when a bloody 90-year old , * blind * man can lead an army that conquers your capital , you totally had it coming , you wuss . 
   which is not catalan by the way . 
  iberian ? 
  because `` barkeno '' does not look like it has a similar pronunciation than `` barselouna '', 
  ( completely misses the point ) what it actually means is `` saint juliana of the sea '' , the saint that is buried in some church of the town . 
  ( completely misses the point ), 
  you could as well ask why it is saragossa : the english are weird . 
  actually , now i am wondering , * why * is it saragossa ? 
  why did the english change the first `` z '' for one `` s '' , but changed the second for two ?
