  none of the spanish politicians with any say in the stalemate agree with independence . 
  the one who is more loudly pro-self determination , podemos , has spent the last few months taking away the power of its regional branches and concentrating it in the national leadership this is a perfectly legitimate choice ( and a reasonable one if you aspire to being a national level party rather than a coalition of seventeen regional ones ) , but is clearly shows where the party sits in the centralism/federalism divide . 
  but the two year period will not start until * after * the british invoke arcicle 50 . 
  they can spend the next 20 years drinking tea in the eu submits , and the deadline will not start . 
  so he has no authority , but can we still tie him to a chair and waterboard him anyway ? 
  it will be very cathartic . 
   that would piss of wales . 
  more or less that they will get pissed when the uk leaves and the funds dry up anyway ? 
  specially now that britain is not on the competition . 
  dea ... wait , does this mean * we * keep glasgow ? 
  wait , you do not read thousands of legal jargon papers in norwegian for fun on rainy afternoons ? 
  i ( well , the mps i voted for in the european parliament ) may not be the one who picks * when * they leave , but we certainly will be the ones who negotiate in which conditions they leave , so it is on britain 's best interests to irritate the eu the less they can until the treaty is signed . 
  but we paid for it , not morocco . 
  that 's where we went wrong . 
   keeping on imposing your decision to people is not going to help the situation , quiet the contrary . 
  * they already voted to leave . 
  * there is not `` helping the situation '' anymore , there is only making the break-up the less painful possible for the eu . 
  i would assume the british politicians ' priority should be making the break-up the less painful possible for the uk , but they do n't look like they want to . 
   3 ) a lot of different treaties for all kinds of individual issues . 
  this is the swiss `` model '' . 
  in practice this still means more barriers to trade , freedom of movement , costs of membership and adhering to eu law . 
  and , which right now is not a minor obstacle , this also means that you need to negotiate and approve all these treaties , which will take years . 
  the cloud is just a shorthand name , it 's not a real thing . 
  the cloud data itself is still stored in physical servers . 
   less , but not significantly less . 
  i think it will actually be more . 
  it would be less that they pay , but britain already had negotiated a rebate years ago , which is doubtful they would be allowed to keep in the new situation , so they may end up paying more . 
  i suppose we are going to ignore the truly radical idea of blaming all the millions of british people who * actually * where the ones to cause the bretix by voting `` leave '' ? 
  your opinion of the chinese press as a free , independent enterprise with many different points of view is more endearing that funny . 
   i actually voted remain , but i am amazed by the eu mob mentality here , like a snubbed crazy ex spouse . 
  hey , come and join , just do n't ever think about leaving or we will punish you and laugh at your misfortunes . 
  it 's called `` a realisitc , if nasty , response '' . 
  the great problem with independence movements is that they usually all seem to take for granted that the people they left are going to immediately accept the break up and forgive them . 
  most of europe wanted the uk to remain . 
  but now that they are gone , they are not going to be in a forgiving mood for a while . 
  that is human nature . 
   as i said , they can but they wo n't . 
  yes , they will . 
  i do n't mind if you guys seek independence , but stop fooling yourselves . 
  you will not keep a spanish passport , you will not keep spanish retirement pensions , and you will not have a friendly spain that allows you in the ue for years , probably decades . 
  it does not matter . 
  spain does not accept any * unilateral * declaration of independence ; they still have not recognised kosovo as a country , much less allow it to join the eu . 
  they are still forced to adopt it once they met the requirements , the `` opt out '' option was only for nations that were in the eu before the euro . 
  yes , by spanish law you can only marry one of then , and they have to divorce first . 
  which examples ? 
  ouch . 
  at least when the french ( appear to ) win , you can console yourself with the idea that they are french so it does not count , anyway . 
  never heard of it , so it obviously never happened . 
  not even fair use . 
  ikea certainly did not invent sales catalogues with pretty photos . 
  being a frenchie is more of a state of ( smug ) mind , anyway , not a nationality . 
  france, 
  it 's absolutely beautiful , but i 'll be honest : i clicked the link because the small thumbnail on reddit ( the fist picture , with the christmas three ) looked like some sort of golden asian-style temple or pagoda , and i was dying of curiosity to see where in europe you could see such a thing :d, 
  see ? 
  we are people accustomed to ignoring commands , it all fits perfectly . 
  paris is a marvel of a city , but i have heard the rumour that it has a lot of parisians living on it , and who would want to risk that it was true ? 
  i 'm not sure if you are joking , but there are over 1500 kilometres ( by road ) between milan and madrid . 
  * eating * mexican food in spain may be a worse mistake , actually . 
  if you can hear them from the other side of the street , they are spanish . 
  can you actually survive 10 litres of vodka every day ? 
  you steal it from finns , probably . 
  it does not look like their watch dogs will protect a lot . 
  amazing . 
  it 's almost like croatia was in europe or something . 
  everybody needs a hobby , and since you guys stopped invading each other the french need to amuse themselves some other way . 
  i have tried the past\u00e9is de bel\u00e9m in madrid . 
  well , the `` past\u00e9is de bel\u00e9m '' . 
  please , for the sake of humanity , allow us to steal the actual recipe , being forced to eat that touristy crap instead of the real thing must be against geneva 's convention . 
   , everyone from asia is `` chino '' . 
  hey !, 
  only asian people with slanted eyes are chinos . 
  the rest are indios , obviously . 
  i hate to say anything nice about italians ( i truly do ) but * they * hung benito from a balcony , he did not die of old age in bed . 
  i do n't know you , but , as an irish living in spain , chances are you occasionally speak english and turn red as a lobster every time the clouds part slightly . 
  that just screams `` englishman '' to the spanish psyche , we just can not help it . 
  no , it 's what he said . 
  the islands went directly from being owned by spain ( for a relative value of `` owned '' , as he said they were never inhabited , only claimed ) to being british . 
  i am actually , honestly afraid to ask , but how can you think the yellow colour of paella comes from chorizo ? 
  but they are one of the more common causes for passenger airplanes suddenly turning into fireballs at high altitudes . 
  we have plenty of good food , but for a picnic in spain you are legally obligated to bring a potato omelette . 
  i am risking my life telling you this , because we managed to cover it and pretend it was some random leftism vs. fascism violence , but the actual truth is that the '36 civil war started when the republic 's parliament could not decide whether the law should specify if you must add onions or not . 
  i 'm another . 
  i mean , my other usual sites have more easily available porn . 
  for fetish purposes , if she does not look pregnant then she is not pregnant . 
  you say this as if people did not do this . 
  only if you are the kind of racially obsessed person that thins anything black or dark intermediately has to mean something with race . 
  `` burning coal '' is a pretty straightforward sentence : coal is a rock that you burn , that basically it 's the only generally known thing you do with it . 
  a mexican can get to spain ( and so , the eu ) far more easily than the us, 
  to be more specific , the owl in the coin is the same as the owl of the ancient athens ' drachma . 
   luxembourger here , the amount of absolute hatred and disdain i get from french , german and belgian people is astonishing . 
  look on the bright side , those three countries are the only ones who know where you guys are :d, 
   its all made with private money if i am not mistaken , so it will cost 0 $ to the taxpayers . 
   80 % of it will be public spaces and green zones , new metro stations and lines , 120.000 new jobs for the construction of it , plus the jobs that the new offices will create . 
  and all with external money . 
  external money does not pay for public spaces and green zones , or metro stations and lines . 
  these are built by the city/autonomous community/nation . 
  germanymaywinbutweallknowjustaddingwordstogetherischeatinganyway . 
  well , i always conquer it in my paradox games , and no one complains . 
  `` selfie gone wrong fells 126-year-old statue of portuguese king '' . 
  in case you did not read the article , it was not some portuguese king 's statue in a spanish city , but in lisbon .
