they play bagpipes . 
  they * like * to play bagpipes , for fun . 
  these kind of people are simply unable to feel shame . 
  not only that , but they are * right there * on he other side of the border . 
  it 's a provocation , plain and simple . 
  spain has never been invaded by russia , and since we took proper precautions and moved the land border far away from the rhine we have n't been invaded by germany , either, 
   the only problem is political will . 
  and those few hundreds of millions worth of materials , work hours and police salaries on the tail end of the european union 's worst economic crisis , but who is counting ? 
  you were asking for it and you know it . 
  those huge tracks of land , all in the open . 
  who could resist ? 
  i wo n't enter the guess game of how often they happen , but when they do happen , false claims very , very seldom are placed upon `` random men '' . 
  they are revenge-based , so the accused is someone known to the woman . 
  they are too skinny . 
  they were planning to eat greeks - who hold a proper , healthy mediterranean diet - but then the refugee crisis exploded all of sudden and ruined everybody 's plans . 
  still , not all is lost we are in europe , so in food matters , when everything else fails , you can always count on ~ ~ the french ~ ~ i mean france . 
  she does not understand the language , culture or traditions of croatia ... 
  already she looks far more qualified that most european politicians . 
  i would think that * syrian * fighters and jihadists , no matter how fanatic , would be able to use their own , perfectly legitimate , syrian passports , and would not need forgeries ? 
  of course , it 's a conspiracy by the nasty reactionaries . 
  exactly how do you think france will be able to pay for welfare , social security , education , * and * 66 million monthly 400 to 750 $ ( depending on the proposal ) salaries ? 
  saudi arabia as * anyone 's * ally baffles the mind . 
  i personally believe that the next great war ( that i really , really hope does not end in a world war ) will be saudi arabia vs. most of its muslim neighbours sometime in the next decades . 
  but , unfortunately , right now they are allies of the usa , so the usa logically is going to support them before nations that are n't hteir allies . 
  saudi arabia and turkey are both allies of the usa . 
  syria is not . 
  as / u/bloodysneeze said , they are a country , not a charity . 
  we do . 
  the esa . 
  but since it is not part of the eu , but rather of 22 european countries ( many of them in the eu , but also few outside it like switzerland or norway ) they do n't feel the need to create a new space program . 
  probably the most action the portuguese parliament saw , and this is a nation that was under a dictatorship for decades in the last century . 
  italian politicians keep leaving all of ours in the dust , damn it . 
  what do you mean , sadly ? 
  raffaella carr\u00e0 is awesome . 
  wait , you want him back ? 
  do you realize that is he does , he may start filming movies again ? 
  that is really unfair to archduke franz ferdinand , and victim blaming to booth . 
  if we have to point fingers , the bosnian guy has the blame . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul ) population : 14,025,646 [ greece . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greece ) population : 10,815,197 i think they have not wholly considered all the minor details . 
  that 's actually how it looks inside . 
  the bishop refused to allow the outdoors skull and chains motif , but the monks were able to negotiate for the shark tanks , so they were willing to make the sacrifice . 
  are you under the delusion that only the banks own more than one propriety ? 
  because literal millions of spaniards owned two houses before the crisis started - indeed , one big `` help '' in the spanish crisis was the number of people who would buy a second home , hoping to resell it at a profit in a few years . 
  until the ~ ~ fire nation ~ ~ housing market crashed . 
  to say nothing of the fact the banks , being rich as , well , banks , can afford far better lawyers that the city council ... 
  what ? 
  this is it , the end of the empire . 
  it 's bad enough that they were n't able to frame the russians , but really , * they did not even manage to sink the ship * . 
  what the hell , rn ?? 
  one day we will have the news `` after thorough investigations by the police and several independent organizations , the mayor of [ insert random big city here ] has been found innocent of any and all charges of corruption or incompetence '' . 
  then civilization will collapse as millions rush to the streets in panic of the end times . 
  being a godparent * is * a formal religious thing . 
  which has its own canonic law rules ( i do n't know what they are , nor care , but they exist ) . 
  you can be whatever you want unofficially , but if you want it to be official , you are bound by the same rules as everybody else . 
  baptism , unlike marriage and funerals , is a purely religious ceremony , and no one forces you to do it . 
  i dislike the catholic church attitude about many things , and that is why i would not marry in a religious ceremony or baptise any children i could have . 
  but i also try to live as free of hypocrisy as i can manage , so i will not be one of those guys who keep telling the church how to behave ( `` female priests ! '', 
  `` sex before marriage ! '' ), 
  and then start screaming like the inquisition had returned when the church does the same and tries to tell * them * how to behave . 
  feel free to ignore their rules , just like they can feel free to ignore your wishes . 
  we are n't living in theocracies . 
  if you hover over it , you 'll see it 's guernsey . 
  now i 'll smugly use my cultured european credentials to pretend i know where the hell is guernsey to laugh at americans . 
  in the us and everywhere else . 
  if they evict you from your house because you do n't pay the mortgage or the rent , and you refuse , the only legal way to force the situation is to call the police . 
  it 's not as if you could ( legally ) hire a few thugs to throw them out . 
  i am very glad by this news , but the title is misleading . 
  he did not tell priest to pardon them , he decided that they * can * pardon them , with the same pre-requisites as any other sin ( repentance , mostly ) abortion is a sin that warrants automatic excommunication , and as such , it could only be pardoned by bishops . 
  the new rule is that the pope has granted all priests the ability to pardon it for the duration the next jubilee year , 2016 ( well , sometime-december 2015 to sometime-november 2016 ), 
  really ? 
  what is so awful about denmark that people just can not wait to flee away from the place ? 
  it 's `` back to germany '' . 
  they were illegal immigrants to north africa . 
  i am waiting for the moment when some self-proclaimed saviour institution finally decides the star of david is a racist anti-semitic symbol . 
  at this rate of stupidity , half a dozen years , tops, 
  go the the netherlands way , start filling the mediterranean until you reach cyprus . 
  then there will be no problems with any marine wildlife . 
  you mean the west indies changed their name ? 
  i did think that atlas was a bit dated ... 
  i 'll make your day : i know were slovakia is , but have no idea of were is slovenia . 
  well , beyond `` somewhere in former yugoslavia . 
  probably . '', 
  please , when you have spain 's 19th century on the running , everything else is just whining . 
  i do n't know about freedom , but you will find few things less equal among all social classes that the need to take a dump ... 
  not related to this photo , but i am sure that frenchmen , like most people , feel that * they * are allowed to shit on the french values , but filthy furriners better respect it , or else . 
  they found france 's achiles heel . 
  and that 's why we all hate the french . 
  forget millennia of imperial wars , it 's all the sex the bastards are having everywhere . 
   it seems we get a day or two of ok weather so ... a record drought for the history books ? 
   who would 've thought nonsense . 
  this is more of these climate change crazies . 
  the very idea that the main contribution of drought is lack of rain is completely ridiculous . 
  most refugees to your country , maybe . 
  immigrants to spain - specially those who come to the land border with morocco , which are the ones we are discussing now - come mainly from the maghreb and the sahel nations , which have some terrorism problems but are not warzones . 
  countries like nigeria , ghana or senegal . 
  poor countries but not places where the government will kill you . 
  even nigeria , with boko haran , has whole provinces where it is safe . 
  it shows that you are portuguese and not spanish . 
  have you ever tried to make the spanish civil servants go swiftly in any administrative paper shuffling ?
