   eu has n't really used their troops since the 90s , eu is using their troops * right now * all over the world . 
   i am all for eu integration , but you are just grasping at straws and taking things for granted that might never actually happen . 
  if french guyana is literally invaded , the eu will defend it or it will die , just like it would happen if ceuta or bonaire or the azores where invaded and the rest of the eu refused help . 
  `` gee , i know your nation is in a literal war and one or your provinces is occupied , but it is far away , it 's not my business '' is not really an aceptable answer for an european integrated army . 
  it would probably be not an acceptable answer even before there is an `` army integration '' . 
  so yes , the end goal of the hypothetical european army will be to defend mainland europe * and * all those assorted bits and ends we have all over the world . 
   you deal with all sorts of awful people when you 're customer facing  you do , but wanting to get your change returned , even if it is 2 cents , is not being `` awful '' . 
  if the shop is not going to return cents , then it should not price in cents . 
  the truly impressive thing is how big it is . 
  there are parts of the mosque where you are surrounded by columns and you do n't even see the gothic parts ; you could be in morocco or damascus . 
  and then you walk a few steps and suddenly , a huge cathedral right there in the middle . 
  it was sparta . 
  in your sexual prime you had a husband . 
  and sparta is not unique in this . 
  romans reached the age of majority at 25 . 
  and it was not only for nobles , because lower class people enlisted in the legion for * 25 years * , so they expected you to be still alive and able to fight a war at the age or 45-ish, 
  it actually was close to that . 
  the problem with all the `` average life expectancy '' stadistics is the huge infant mortality . 
  but if you reached your teens alive , and then did not get killed in battle of a plague or something , you had a good chance to reach old age . 
  spartans , for example , did not reach full citizenship and were n't allowed to marry until they were 30 . 
  obviously this tells us that they did not expect people to just drop dead at 35 . 
  a schism . 
   is n't the problem that spain is not letting you guys decide anything right now ? 
  the problem is that `` spain '' , that is , the spanish government , literally has no legal authority to let the catalans have a referendum . 
  they can only agree to have a nationwide referendum about catalonia 's independence , but the catalan government refuses to even consider this possibility or try to follow the procedures to change the constitution so a catalonia-only referendum would be legal . 
  the opposite is even more relevant . 
  why does the unesco stick their nose in something that is not their business at all , sovereignty ? 
  it is the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organisation . 
  in quite a few parts of the world , neutrality is the only way it can even try to fulfil their purpose . 
  and they decide to take sides in one of the more dividing political disputes of the planet ? 
  what the hell have they been smoking ? 
  yes , that 's really offensive . 
  it 's * us * the ones who do siestas . 
  well , she got asked first , so it 's not as if she had an * unwanted * pregnancy . 
  because there were no `` experts '' about the earth , they were priests/shamans - experts about spiritual matters and magic . 
  as soon as geography , geometry and math were developed enough for experts in these sciences to appear , they discovered that earth was round , and fairly soon afterwards they discovered the size of earth 's circumference . 
  there are * millions * of natives left in south america . 
  the current president of bolivia is an aymara . 
  the `` spanish side '' did not slaughter tribes . 
  in fact , mexica and mayan and quechua and guarani and hundreds more indigenous groups still live in their originals . 
  the plagues that depopulated america were bad , but they were n't the fault of some racist european ideology . 
  they would have come anyway , no matter how peaceful the relations between europe and america were . 
  your example is still wrong . 
  ever since there has been something we could call `` experts '' in the shape of the earth , they have known earth was round . 
  the `` back before columbus everybody though earth was flat '' is a myth . 
  well , `` germany '' and `` quietly building an army '' are on the same headline , let 's face it , someone is gon na get occupied . 
  hungarians should just save themselves the trouble and do like ankh-morpork citizens , open the gates and sell souvenirs to the invaders . 
  the slant in spanish media is slowly becoming terrifying . 
  when you realise * el mundo * , for god 's sake , is one of the less biased newspapers is time to hide in a corner and cry . 
  i do n't see any jewish plotters anywhere , you amateurs . 
  what kind of wimpy conspiracy are you trying to run ? 
  at least use some hypnotic suggestions of something . 
  the spanish government literally * can not * allow this referendum . 
  referendums that affect all the nation ( and , obviously , the break up of spain affects all the nation ) can only be voted in a nationwide referendum by law . 
  the president has no authority to accept this . 
  i suppose this is hard to understand for a government like the generalitat , who thinks laws are things only other people must obey , never the government . 
  the catalan independentists * know this * . 
  they have known this for 40 years . 
  but strangely , not even once in all those years have they tried to either have a nationwide referendum or change the referendum laws , both things that the current laws allow . 
  weird , is n't it ? 
  most hints about g\u00f6belki tepe suggest that it was a temple complex . 
  and catalh\u00f6y\u00fck was a * city * which certainly fits the definition of `` buildings '' better than a fancy mausoleum . 
  also , 3 ) we are dumping that shit in the middle of our country . 
  it is 100 km from the portuguese border , and it is closer to madrid than lisbon . 
  its ' not our fault the iberian peninsula is not the size of siberia . 
   there was few hundreds years of enmity and wars in past ages was n't it ? 
  not really . 
  we have had wars , of course , but compared to european history we are among the most peaceful neighbours . 
  please , that will not even last you until all the missiles have finished flying , much less waiting for radiation to disappear . 
  most people have no idea of how to surf the internet anonymously - i certainty would not even know where to start ( and no , `` incognito mode '' is not it ) . 
  you will not get caught if they never bother checking you , but if they want any reason to punish you , it will be ridiculously simple to find your internet history . 
  high command are government workers , good luck with finding them at their post when you need them to be there . 
  i suspect that for an army crossing the bridge would be actually slower than wading the river, 
  and , nato , which is a military self defence organisation , cares about having `` values or interest with the west '' , since when ? 
  the only interest it is worried about is `` will this nation help us to achieve our geostrategical objectives ? '', 
  you can debate whether nato is necessary or not at all , but lets ' remember what it * is * . 
  and also , let 's remember what it is n't . 
  there are plenty of international organisations that are supposed to be concerned about democracy , freedom , human rights , the `` values of the west '' , and so on . 
  nato si not one of them . 
  it could not be possibly done . 
  no one is going to let any demographic have their votes worth more than the rest , unless that particular demographic is in the majority , * and * everybody in that demographic does not care to make a mockery of the very basic tenet of democracy . 
  try changing `` youth '' in your sentence by anything else , and see how it looks . 
  `` what can be done is making the votes of the men being worth more '' . 
  `` what can be done is making the votes of the white people being worth more '', 
   what can be done is making the votes of the youth being worth more their votes worth more ? 
  seriously ? 
  or what can also be done is ignore the self-entitled whiners and remind them that they have exactly the same rights as anybody else , and that if they want their vote to count , maybe they should actually vote occasionally . 
  probably a stronger tribe appeared and stole their land , so they were forced to retreat to the less populated area up north . 
   are the most healthy diets there are , no , they are n't , because humans are * not * vegetarians . 
  just because a properly planed vegan diet is not harmful , it does not make it the most healthy for an animal designed to eat meat and vegetables . 
  it 's hard to explain to a brit ... look , you know that bright yellow circle that sometimes appears when the sky suddenly turns blue ? 
  you may have seen it , or maybe in television . 
  well , summer is a time of the year , in some parts of the world , where the sky remains blue for * months * and that bright thing warms everything , sometimes it even gets too hot to be outside comfortably, 
  there is summer in brighton ? 
  mandatory vaccinations exist precisely to protect those children . 
  this is what `` herd immunity '' means : since they can not be protected by vaccinations , they are protected by making sure everybody around them does not get the illness . 
  he apparently does not realise that the square is still perfectly visible , since his `` camouflage '' just turned the paved square into a park with a couple of trees . 
  protip : city parks are still visible in google maps even if they have trees . 
   `` who do n't usually watch this program '' on the other hand i sort of agree with this part . 
  i mean , eurovision is nice and all , but i must confess that i watch it , like , once per year .
