  i try not to judge strangers on their perversions . 
  the centre or the world , as it is clearly is stated in the name , is the mediterranean . 
  austria and switzerland are obviously north of it , so northern . 
  that must have come as a surprise to the millions of people living under daesh law and paying taxes to daesh . 
  `` yes , i know they control your homeland and execute anyone who disobeys , but really , no one want to eat canap\u00e9s with your government , they totally do not rule you '', 
   they 're not a sovereign country , and do n't even aspire to become one . 
  are you serious ? 
  the first thing they did after they conquered mosul was to formally proclaim a new caliphate , with their leader as caliph . 
  the name of their group is ad-dawlah al-isl\u0101miyah , `` the islamic state '' . 
  they do n't `` aspire '' to become a country because they have already done it . 
  the only thing they lack is international recognition . 
  pumped of steroids is not the problem . 
  muscle weights more than fat , so in two persons of the same weight , the athletic person will have a higher bmi , despite the fact that he is the healthier of the two . 
  i have a shocking news for political journalists : young people vote far right . 
  they also vote far left . 
  and moderate left . 
  and centre-right . 
  and greens . 
  and independentists . 
  republicans . 
  communists . 
  it 's almost as if `` young people '' were a group of humans that have a huge amount of different opinions , and the only thing they all have in common is age . 
  i agree , they probably will not replace it , simply take it away when it 's not needed . 
  but if they do decide , for whatever reason , to keep a permanent barrier , they they will replace the wire . 
  in either case , the razor wire is just a temporary measure . 
  the wire is not meant to be a first barrier . 
  it 's just meant to be a temporary placeholder , because it is fast to install and comparatively cheap . 
  unless they decide to change their border politic beforehand , the wire will be replaced by a proper border fence . 
  i was making a joke , but now i am afraid i am going to traumatize you for real ... [ tinto de verano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tinto_de_verano ), 
  please , annoying the french is ridiculously easy . 
  even * traumatizing * the french is easy : i just want you to know that i think cheese tastes kind of weird , and wine is better if you add a bit of soda . 
  honestly , that goes without saying . 
  it 's always england 's fault . 
  of course they will know . 
  if you are a shifty-looking darkie person with a weird accent and the customs officer is not all that sure where your country is , then you are a muslim terrorist . 
  it 's very easy , really . 
  he may be , i have no idea of usa polls . 
  but what way too many politicians and journalists seem to forget is that polls mean nothing but a * future * intention to vote . 
  they have no actual authority , because they can always change opinion or lie in the poll . 
  until the day of the elections , trump has no legal authority anywhere . 
  angela merkel , on the other hand , is a head of state . 
   also podemos in spain are not authoritarian . 
  * snort * the first thing the leadership of podemos did when members of the party disagreed with the direction it was taking was to purge them all and impose their own candidates . 
  the first thing pablo iglesias said when the honeymoon period with the media passed and they began to critique him was `` we need laws to control the press '' . 
  spain has no idea of their program because it changes every month to whatever their polls say . 
  but i sure believe they are going to bring us freedom and democracy . 
   you are right but the radical left is not winning elections . 
  greece 's ruling party wants a word  ( atleast not in the north of europe ) . 
  oh , ok , i had forgotten the the only nations that matter in europe are the northern ones . 
  and once more people tell you and you do not listen . 
  * many people literally can not afford the extra prize . 
  * and they are not going o be understanding or appreciative when you tell then it 's their selfishness what does not let them use better things , as if ti was just their choice . 
  do you want to talk about `` hidden prizes '' ? 
  what about the not-so-hidden prize that means stopping emissions and industrialization for more environmental-friendly ( and more expensive and less efficient ) industries will mean that literal billions of people will stay in poverty for one more generation while they try to catch up with less efficient means ? 
  but you will be able to drive your electric car to the closest natural preserve , so it 's all right . 
  who cares about some ethiopians when we can save the spotted hornback and the tricolored daisy . 
  perhaps environmentalists should remember occasionally that a green lifestyle is a * luxury * . 
  not everybody can afford organic crops , free range beef , or a new car every five years . 
  they had a [ bridge ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c0/causeway-code_poet-4.jpg ) but a couple guys got in a fight ( probably drunk , they were a scot and an irishman ) and it collapsed . 
  and eleven moths is not the several ( future ) years we are arguing about . 
  germany can stand one year of heavy immigration with no problem . 
  they can not stand to do so indefinitely , and certainly there is no way the middle east will magically become stable within the next ten or even twenty years . 
  can germany take 20,000,000 refugees by 2035 ? 
  germany had already registered [ 964,574 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35027951 ) asylum seekers in the fist 11 months of this year . 
  the age of colonialism is over . 
  i am being deliberately harsh , but decades of being nice have only made the problem worse : if the middle east nations want europe to police their criminals and protect their citizens in their own countries , then they can ask the un for protectorate status . 
  if they want to remain independent , then it 's their problem . 
   sounds like tumblr . 
  it is filled with marxist buzzwords that are just re-applied to gender/identity as opposed to the class struggle that original marxism dealt with . 
  did you think that tumblr activism sprung out of nowhere , fully grown out of livejournal 's brow ? 
  the same stupidity ( `` clinging onto old marxist buzzwords '' that plagues the european left is what created tumblr activism . 
  the difference is , most of tumblr sjw kids are that , kids , that will grow up out of this even though many will remain left-leaning . 
  a politician in their thirties - or even forties - that has reached a seat in their national parliament has no excuse . 
  the point to make is the wbc , however distasteful its beliefs are , does not preach the need for death against `` unbelievers '' . 
  the only thing all those endless fake equivalences between the rude and the , literally , murderous , is to make organizations like wbc or far-right parties look more acceptable to the general public , who is not actually stupid , and can differentiate between someone claiming that gays go to hell , and someone who wants to throw them out of a window in the city 's main square . 
  when parties like marine le pen 's have gotten into power , the self-hating left will have no one but themselves to blame . 
  you do not need to be corrupt to understand that european institutions can not rule however they feel like to , they need to negotiate with the 28 states . 
  and negotiation , by its very nature , needs compromise . 
  there are no catholic schools in europe . 
  there are a lot of regular schools , teaching the state-approved curriculum , which just happen to be owned by priests or nuns and place extra emphasis on the religion class . 
  was . 
  istambul was in europe , and then you let the city grow and now it is half in asia . 
  it 's your fault for not renaming the eastern half . 
   what the hell is going on in this world ? 
  basically , the far right has been slowly , but steadily , dragged - often kicking and screaming - into the twenty-first century by the moderate right . 
  yes , they still have a long way to go yet , but no serious far right party would actually try to imprison gays or expel jews if hey reached power . 
  they do n't even use such rhetoric anymore . 
  on the other hand , the far left has not only remained in the past , it is running backwards in time as fast it can go , while the moderate left either ignores them or outright applauds their craziness . 
  not that crazy . 
  madrid gets snow in late may of early june every 20 years or so . 
  madrid has a very high altitude , and is very close to a mountain range . 
  sometimes a cold front is just weird like that . 
  it just sounds scarier . 
  it probably it 's british origins . 
  everyone knows that nothing good can come from up there, 
  madrid already has enough traffic problems this month without adding the apocalyptic disaster of maybe one tenth of an inch of snow in the streets . 
  boromir fell upon the spell of the ring as soon as he saw it , and his first though was to use the ring for the good of his nation . 
  smeagol fell upon the spell of the ring , and his first though was to murder his best friend for it . 
   maybe they really are complete idiots they are european politicians . 
  always , under any circumstances , assume this .
