  several of those smaller parties are podemos allies - they have 27 seats , which probably will give podemos 69 votes unless they have a break in relations sometime during the legislature . 
  even if that happened , it is highly unlikely that it would be so soon , so we can count them on podemos side for the presidential investiture . 
  now , pp and ciudadanos are right parties , while psoe and podemos are left parties . 
  but the problem is , neither of the two possible pairs have enough votes by themselves . 
  it is going to be a mess of negotiations and alliances by the time they manage to elect someone ( if they can ) . 
  this brings us to the current news , about the actual procedure . 
  after the elections , once the new parliament is sworn ( that happened the 13 of january ) the king will start a round of talks with all the party leaders who got representation . 
  after these talks , he will ask one of the leaders to try to form a government . 
  this is mostly a ceremonial thing , of course : the chosen candidate still needs to get the votes . 
  until these elections this was simply a formal procedure : by the time the talks began , whoever had won the elections had already negotiated the necessary votes . 
  this time , none of the parties had managed to get enough agreements - the closest anyone got was a last minute proposal from podemos to the psoe - so at the end , the kind asked rajoy , as the one who had most votes , to try and form a government . 
  since everybody else was going to vote `` no '' , the vote was going to end in disaster for the pp , so rajoy decided to decline the offer . 
  this had never happened ( of course , the `` winning '' party having so few seats had ever happened , either ) , so the opposition has blow their gasket . 
  the king will begin a second round of talks , where he will probably ask pedro sanchez , the psoe candidate , to try . 
  whether all this is good or bad depends on whose party you agree . 
  the psoe will probably fail their attempt , too ( though nothing is certain with al the chaos ) , and it will be as bad for pedro sanchez as the pp failed vote would have been for rajoy . 
  the pp supporters do not think that they should suffer a massive failed vote just to prevent * the psoe * to fail a vote . 
  the psoe supporters think that using the formal procedures for electoral purposes is despicable . 
  personally , i do n't think either of them will manage to form a government before the time limit ends ( sometime in march , i think ) so we will probably have new elections . 
  yes . 
  a depressingly big percentage of the population wil believe absolutely * anything * any random violent protestor , conspiracy nutjob or foreign totalitarian dictator claims , but wil claim any democratic goverment oficial l\u00edes even if they say the sky is blue . 
  since he apparently believes it is hard to find thugs/enforcers , he is not even aware of the 20th century . 
  or the 21st . 
  until the rich people who `` have no power '' hire a couple dozen thugs to beat anyone who is capable of doing things without a central authority telling them to do so . 
  morocco is one of the few islamic nations that have managed to keep the islamic threat contained and a ( mostly ) free political system for their citizens . 
  they did not manage this by inviting hordes of random muslims from all over the world to move in with no controls . 
  he should cut the middle man and simply propose angela merkel . 
  that 's what they want you to believe . 
  have you seen any new pyramids around bucharest lately ? 
  it 's obviously not aliens . 
   it 's actually disheartening that it must be the imf pushing for sane policies . 
  it 's very easy to demand that it must be * the other * debtors the ones to give debt relief . 
  strangely , i found her prettier in the second photo . 
  the covering clothes do not show the starvation ribs and the complete lack of breasts ... 
  their birthday was last week ( did you forget ? 
  for shame ! ), 
  they are 26 now . 
  if we must require historical figures to conform to whatever the modern definition of `` good '' is this month , then we can skip the trouble and remove all statues from the planet . 
  incidentally , both mandela and gandhi were once racists , and ghandi was for many years an admirer of nazism . 
  we do not honor them for these things , we honor them for their outstanding actions . 
  have you tried indian food ? 
  think on the english , they where a perfectly respectable nation of pirates and ruthless imperialist invaders , they added curry as a national dish , and look at the results . 
  but your parents are n't a power company . 
  profit is not why the are installing a solar system . 
  notice that the problem in your family 's case is the grid . 
  even if all the electric power in the nation was made in solar plants , they would have the exact same problem : they need to either connect to the grid ( for the same expense ) or install alternate energy systems on their own . 
  europe is a continent . 
  italy is a nation-state . 
  just like french guyana is part of france * and * part of south america . 
  ceuta is part of spain and part of africa . 
  sicily is an island . 
  it 's not part of either the italian peninsula or europe , both geographical locations . 
  it is part of the republic of italy and the european union , which are political entities . 
  your own fault . 
  you should have conquered vienna when you had the chance . 
  a sea island , by definition , is not part of any continent . 
  that 's why it is an island and not a peninsula . 
  as usual , when something goes wrong in europe and ( miraculously ) you can not rightfully blame the english , the fault will always be turkey 's . 
  i am sure that is a great consolation for the relatives of the people she helped murder in syria - if she did not murder a few on them herself , of course - while she tours britain as a free person . 
  so , in other words , not crimes worth reporting since 2011 ? 
   whereas improvements in solar energy means that they can be weaned off subsidies . 
  the entire spanish solar energy industry collapsed when the goverment decided to wean off the subsidies during the economic crisis . 
  and you can not claim spain has a lack of sun . 
  it will be along time yet until solar power breas even , much less profitable . 
   might at well be a commie spy then . 
  worse , much worse . 
  at least commie spies will be very practised in guns and explosives . 
  no , he was n't . 
  the swiss bunker plan was made to prepare against a german invasion , and then refined to prepare against a soviet invasion ( which would , by necessity , include a soviet germany by the time they reached switzerland to invade ) . 
  they are n't at any risk from germany * now * . 
  which is why , as seen in the photos , many of these bunkers are hotels and museums and databanks . 
  you need at least one . 
  which has to be built in some factory in germany , then shipped to switzerland , and then you need a new one also shipped to take its place , because it was wasted in an useless shack instead of an actual bunker - a bunker that * still * needs to be blown up . 
  besides , in sweden they all know that is some nation is going to exterminate finland it will be * them * not some steppe upstarts . 
  i saw no mentions of guns anywhere , which seems very suspicious for a texan , but i do realize that every society has its share of deviants and we have to tolerate them . 
  he may be a pacifist texan . 
  and it was never nationalised . 
  nhs is a state-created industry , which , independently of how well ( or badly ) is it managed , is a completely different matter of someone creating or buying an industry and then the state stealing ( sorry , nationalising for the good of the people ) it . 
   the existing laws are not capable of handling this , every single nation in europe - hell , every single nation in the world - has plenty of laws against theft , assault , and sexual assault . 
  the * laws * are perfectly capable of handling this . 
  if they are actually applied . 
   ahh the usual friendly neighbors attitude of `` it 's your problem deal with it we do n't give a crap about anything that happen to anyone else '' . 
  get used to it . 
  that is what spain and italy have gotten from the uk and germany ( and , oh dear , france ) every time in the last 20 years when immigration was on the discussions . 
  no , i lie , they also had frequent proclamations from the ue about how awful their police forces were and they should respect better the human rights of the poor immigrants and let them all in and find proper accommodation . 
  no , what do you mean , paying for all those things ? 
  that is a national problem . 
  2,749 millions in galicia , 2,189 million in the basque country , 7,519 millions in catalonia , and 5,005 million in valencia . 
  that makes 17,192 million out of 46,77 . 
  almost 37 % , though not everybody n those regions speak the regional language , so i think a range of 25-30 % is right . 
  if the could get away with it , i suspect madrile\u00f1os would not even know spanish . 
  as a general rule , when a character is almost-certainly-dead but we have not * actually * seen them die , it 's a safe bet to suspect they will be back . 
   greece has enough cultural `` diamonds europe has enough cultural diamonds everywhere . 
  that does not mean that we , our children , and our grandchildren will have to settle for eternal mediocrity because three hundred years ago our ancestors built a pretty palace . 
  `` tradition '' is a perfectly acceptable way to choose your vote . 
  despite what looks like after the last few rounds of european elections , not everybody is just dying to try the newest shiny fad in political parties , they like their old fashioned left/right party just fine . 
  the great iberian outrage tradition . 
  since * acting * on it would take a lot of effort better spent in other things , we get twice as outraged . 
  europe consists of the nice area ( i.e. , the mediterranean ) and frozen wastelands north of it . 
  i know that there are rumours that some people have chosen to * live there * , but then there are people who think pineapple is a pizza topping .
