  the spanish obsession with bringing politics everywhere is already irritating enough without expanding it to discussions about other nation 's news . 
  15-m is in no way related to any * portuguese * current day issues . 
  i 'm confused ... no one looks drunk ? 
  and several are smiling ? 
  it 's a small peninsula , there is only a ( walled ) strip of land connecting it to spain, 
  besides , we are in the middle of a crisis . 
  tv stations are not going to splurge in extra unneeded suns , you know ? 
  then you should try to curb the independence movement for a while , bro . 
  re-conquering the two sicilies and the peloponese will be easier if you can draw from all of spain 's resources , you can always break away later . 
  ( we keep milan , through ), 
  very few people in spain identify themselves first as spanish and second as their region/hometown . 
  it does not meant hey do n't identify as spanish too . 
  er ... as a catholic , should n't mr berlusconi be aware that you * can not * eat lamb in easter anyway ? 
  of course , cuddling with a seabream is far less photogenic . 
   chac\u00f3n was unqualified for the position ( as much as cospedal is nowadays ) . 
  she was a young woman , pregnant , and catalan and was useful to zapatero who wanted to send a message . 
  simple posturing . 
  that is true . 
  it is also true that , despite all that , she * did * a superb job as defence minister . 
  i disliked her quite a lot , but she earned my respect during her tenure as a defence minister . 
  before that , she had leaned often to the anti-militarist factions of the left , but after she became defence minister she atended all the military `` social events '' without complaint , defended the armed forces whenever necessary , and even went to the congress to get rid of that ridiculous law zapatero ( her own president ) made that set a fixed cap of armed personnel allowed to act in foreign missions . 
  well , it was known by her and her family . 
  it was mostly unknown to everybody else . 
   in pretty sure franco loved us maleantes . 
  hey !, 
  i am fairly sure that i would have fallen on the `` vagos '' part of the law . 
   but there 's pretty fucking big difference between priests giving you a weird look or conservative people voting against your interests in a democratic process and getting thrown out of a building , it 's not even remotely the same . 
  yes . 
  and then they act surprised when polls disclose that increasing numbers of gays have started to support parties like marine lepen 's fn . 
  please notice the `` 4 '' . 
  europa universalis i is from 2001 . 
  euiii , which was probably the first highly successful eu game , is from 2007 . 
  the copypasta itself is about this age , and may be older than the games , but it became an internet meme due to these games , not anything about real world turkey . 
  and exactly who do you think ruled anatolia * before * the turks ? 
  i 'll give you a hint : they called their nation `` the roman empire '' , to show how very un-european they felt themselves to be . 
   i.e. 
  the time period spanning from 1500 ad until 1950 , roughly speaking the time period where anatolia was ruled by a nation with its capital in europe , you mean ? 
  ankara did not become capital until 1923 , well after anything you could call `` colonial period '', 
  while there are european branches of christianity , the religion itself is not european . 
  judea , if you remember , was in asia . 
  jesus himself never stepped into europe . 
  since rome and byzantium - and the ottomans , for that matter - had their capital in europe , i do n't see how they do n't count as european , even if you may argue otherwise with the republic of turkey nowadays if you want to . 
  from `` indoeuropean languages '' , i suppose , that do not come from india . 
  the most common hypotesis for the origins of proto-indo-european is the ponto-caspian steppe ( ukraine to khazakhstan , roughly ) from there the tribes eventually emigrated west and east , and that original language evolved into hundreds of descendants ( 445 living ones ) from portugal to bangladesh . 
  edit : and now checking the maps i realised something : `` between ukraine and kazakhstan '' means russia . 
  we are all russians , not indians . 
  damn it , putin was right all along !, 
  it 's not only due to geography . 
  one of the reasons it was chosen was , precisely , because it was a completely neutral location , who had never been a capital of the separate kingdoms , unlike toledo , barcelona , zaragoza or valladolid . 
  there is no better city from an historical point of view , and those regions that will dislike it will dislike any other choice for the same reason : it 's the capital of spain . 
  it was also the name of the visigoth kingdom that the reconquista spanish kingdoms ( including portugal ) claimed to be successors of . 
   there 's no single unifying city in the iberian peninsula , but santiago comes pretty damn close , even taking into account all the different nationalities of spain . 
  there is also , you know , madrid , that place that was picked as a capital because it was a small provincial town in the centre of spain and which had no history for or against any or the regions . 
   i do n't know the criteria . 
  whatever the official criteria is , the real one is probably the same one that spain uses : `` we have some spare money for two streets this month '', 
  because you started as a tiny province and eventually became a global empire . 
  your case is not unique - as i said , spain is similar - but it puts you there right in the top alongside rome or spain or the islamic caliphate as nations that started small and given their initial resources should have not become so great . 
  yes , it 's an awful design . 
  no depth , and only coal and obsidian blocks . 
  add some color , for god 's sake . 
  redstone or red clay highlights somewhere . 
  yes , but i am fairly sure that this si some england , so we can ignore them . 
  the same for france , while we are on it . 
  portugal is a rebellious county that got ( ridiculously ) successful ... but by that measure , so is spain itself anyway ( as the asturians love to say , `` asturias is spain , the rest is conquered territory '' ), 
  and , strangely , every single `` lets make nice with eta '' proposal , ever , has backfired on the government that accepted it , while adopting `` let 's be harsh and use the police to do their jobs ignoring political convenience '' ended eta as a threat in a few years . 
  so , when are you guys going to give the sami their own state ? 
  `` pastor '' is a latin word , and it means `` the one who leads ( something ) to graze '' . 
  pastoral * does * mean `` pertaining to herders '' in general , rather than just shepherds . 
  every time i have visited the south i only went to the cities , and maybe stopping to have a coffee break in some village by the road . 
  i have never seen a village that looks like this , to be honest . 
  bulls somewhere , too . 
  and a couple of people from the next village over saying how very much c\u00f3mpeta sucks compared to their village . 
  in the new liceu i absolutely love how they made the lamp and ceiling frescoes in a modern style , yet they managed to blend them seamlessly with the old . 
  did n't both operas burn fairly close to each other , too ? 
  please , everybody has been invaded by the french some time or another , that is no excuse . 
  the best part ? 
  this marvel is less than 15 years old , since the ( former ) la fenice burned down . 
  our civilisation still can build things like these if we want to . 
  it was the national motto of spain since charles i. 
  despite the obsession way too many people have with franco , spanish history did not begin with the civil war . 
  yeah , i know the origins , but i prefer my intepretation of the meaning :d, 
  er ... spain 's is basically `` look , we discovered these huuuge new lands to the west and they are all ours , bitches '' said nicely . 
  why do i have the sudden urge to exclaim `` ay jalisco ? '', 
  it is very relative . 
  `` many '' spaniards means a few thousands out of 40 million . 
  as a percentage of the populations , the number of gibraltar citizens dependant on good relations with spain is * several * orders or magnitude higher . 
  the uk would never insult and anger a major trade partner right before they start a very important round of negotiations , just look at the declarations of british politicians about europe the last few months ... 
  voldemort could not even off a bloody baby , mate . 
  and he though pettigrew and snape were proper minion material . 
  his opinions are not worth much . 
  sweden is a free country , devout muslim swedish women are perfectly free to got to the football match and scream for their team . 
   its own i 'll quote the relevant part . 
  the morality of tax havens in general can be discussed , but pretending that a nation ( or a union of nations ) allow foreign tax havens the same lassitude they show their own is ridiculous . 
   it 's always been a lingering issue what it is is a baffling issue . 
  democratic spain has never suggested ant kind of military threat against gibraltar . 
  franco may have had ocasional rhetoric , but even that i find doubtful because he may have been a bastard but he always was aware of relative strengths of his opponents . 
  not that it should matter since he died * 41 years ago * . 
  yet every time spain makes a complaint against gibraltar , be it a rightful one or a `` we need more votes next month '' one , a horde of british people starts talking about military aggression , and how they can nuke spain , and so on . 
  i am happy you guys have found a way to recover , but you really should let at least a few visitors leave the city alive from time to time , if they * all * keep dissapearing without trace eventually people are going to get suspicious . 
  was n't it raining there like a couple days ago ?
