   i mean , she has managed to kill the whole chamart\u00edn thing to save ... i do n't know , a bunch of open air train tracks . 
  this is actually my point . 
  a years long , multi-million euro project , scraped when a new administration took charge . 
  and she expects to set a very polarising issue and have it last until 2025 ? 
  as if carmena and her party would still be in power by 2025 ? 
  all those grand pet projects always fail because they forget to convince the opposition , i.e. 
  the ones who will be eventually in power some time before the project can finish . 
  yes , we really should , an new extraplanetary colony will need a lot of walls , and it will be cheaper that way . 
   take the fact that we use a different railway than france so we coudlnt mass import until late into the xx that was not shortsightedness , actually . 
  many european nations did this on purpose , because international commerce was secondary to the very real risk of foreign invasion . 
  let 's remember that the last 60 years - which had several wars , one of them still ongoing - have been the most peaceful of european history . 
   spain : why did n't spain conquer portugal ? 
  we are working on it , dammit !, 
  but this week is a national holiday * and * we have the barca/madrid football match , and after that we start the pre-christmas run up , and after christmas its just way too cold , why are you foreigners always wanting us to hurry ?? 
  your `` basic salary '' * is * the full 14 payments , divided in 12 months . 
  well , actually , i do find that spending eu money in publicity for your position in a * referendum for eu membership * can be justified . 
  we * are * very good a fighting terrorism . 
  so is morocco , and we have a very close collaboration with then in security matters . 
  but the sad truth of crime is that the police has to be successful every day , while the terrorists only need to be successful once . 
  you know , suddenly the bloody history of poland makes so much more sense . 
   in small villages for example people know each other , trust and must trust to survive . 
  my grandparents are from a small village . 
  in small villages everyone knows each other , so they do n't trust the bloody bastards . 
  please , everybody has invaded spain some time or another , do n't talk like this is some great accomplishment . 
  i have never heard of if , it must not be very important . 
  how many times did we invade it , anyway ? 
  er ... if the * lowest * nations are in the 10-19 % range , how can you have a 4 % average ? 
  you guys really should have conquered vienna when you had the chance . 
  you only have yourselves to blame . 
  they are nk designed nukes . 
  russians will be lucky if the bombs do n't fall in novosibirsk . 
   also urss is not ussr . 
  yes , it is . 
  being invaded by the uk is not a great accomplishment , really . 
  the successor of the roman empire was the ottoman empire , and * their * successor is turkey . 
  i am always surprised when i see all those comments about loud americans . 
  i mean , exuberant , yes , but i have never found them `` loud '' . 
  yes , it was all poland 's fault , all those huge tracks of land all exposed and enticing , she was just asking for it ... 
  if they are there , of course they would rescue people . 
  but i would have assumed that people lost in the adriatic would be rescued by the croatian coast guard . 
  that makes sense . 
  what does not make so much sense is , why is the croatian * mountain * rescue service the one rescuing them ? 
  but ... if you make him a priest then he can not start a horse dynasty !, 
  if you conquer rome and vassalize the pope , then he can be your chancellor . 
   well , this is a bill that 's being pushed by congress , not the trump administration . 
  your error here is thinking that foreigners know , or care , about the details of how us government works . 
  everything they know about it they learnt watching tv . 
  i hate to stereotype , specially because i am one of the stereotyped people myself , but when i heard the words `` spa for men '' scantily clad * females * is not what pops in my mind ... 
  yes , i am surprised too . 
  you mean that it was * not * raining in all the other places ? 
  i would assume you can also quit snus , whatever * that * is . 
  i 'll second that ? . 
  actually , asturias fell , too . 
  the original rebellion from don pelayo was against the governor of * gijon * , which is on the coast . 
   the second is better . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the volcano gods expect virgins , what do you think will happen is they suddenly get * berlusconi * instead ? 
  * looks at syria , irak , somalia , north korea * really ? 
  i can imagine plenty of things worse to happen to a nation . 
  the map shows european languages with one million speakers . 
  according to wikipedia , bable has 100,000 and euskera has 714,00 . 
  we are european . 
  we do not trust a building 's stability until it has lasted at least 250 years . 
  do n't we have somewhere / r/pornporn ? 
  because with all this porn , i feel that there is * something * lacking . 
  some sort of miscommunication . 
  psc 's union with psoe has been hanging by a thread for years know , and you know it . 
  and the reason the relations between psc and the main party are so cool is the turn psc has done towards independentism . 
  you do realize the the infamous `` church '' in the tax forms box is completely optional , do n't you ? 
  only people who want part of their taxes go to the church check it ? 
  just like the box than its just beside it , for ngos , which is also optional . 
  and you can check both or neither . 
  leonese are really pissed that they were the only historical region of spain that got no autonomy , while at the same time they gave autonomy to regions with no such history like cantabria . 
   you realize psc ~ ~ ( psoe ) ~ ~ is an unionist party ? 
  excuse me while i go out outside a while to laugh . 
   as i highlighted , catalonia contributes more than what it gets . 
  `` catalonia '' dose not give a single cent . 
  the income taxes are paid by * individuals * , in base of their earnings , and a rich catalan pays the same percentage as a rich andalusian with similar income . 
  so do the poor ones . 
  but you do n't belong to europe , though . 
  we tried several times with poland and napoleon and then the nazis , but you kept defeating the invaders or getting free . 
  very unsporting of you guys . 
   no , they have never expressed against independence . 
  podemos has solved every single regional crisis where the regional podemos branches wanted more independence by defeating the `` regionalist '' side and increasing the power of the central comitee . 
  if you believe podemos is independentist of even federalist , you are fooling yourself . 
  * some * members of podemos are , and they are loud members , but their side has not managed to get a majority anywhere in their party . 
   `` how to piss off all dutch people not living in amsterdam . '', 
  that couple of hermits living in the wilderness probably do n't even have internet anyway . 
  they were worst bourbons , which when you have the spanish and french branches in the running , it takes some effort . 
  please , like we would not be 500 % better if we changed every single spanish party leader for a brain-eating zombie . 
  you can , and get money from it . 
  but like * every other business * where you earn money to provide a service , you get taxed . 
  i do n't think we have roasted puppy as a traditional dish anywhere in spain ? 
  i mean , not that i would bet anything against the basques . 
  because those guys will cook * anything * , but i think we would have already had one or two episodes with argui\u00f1ano if that was so . 
  to do the camino you have to cross the wastelands of northern castille . 
  35\u00ba may not be as bad as 47\u00ba , but when you are walking on the meseta plains with no tree in sight and a huge backpack in your back , it 's hard to know the difference . 
  no , galicia and the cantabric is where it 's at these months . 
   every single other party would have bribed the dup to prop them up ? 
  yes , but they call it `` negotiations '',
