  that 's why they use translators . 
  he speaks french , though . 
  i think it was the preferred foreign language for rajoy 's generation and the preceding ones . 
   for example , i consider my english to be quite good , yet i know that from time to time , some of the expressions i use may be considered as politically incorrect ( words that could be interpreted as racist or sexist ) . 
  until i saw several complains literally two days ago here in this subreddit , i would have never thought twice about mentioning `` the british islands '' to an irishman . 
  oh , my sweet summer child ... 
  the prime minister 's cleaning lady can not expect to get her post unless she speaks at least one foreign language , but the pm or president only needs to look pretty in tv during electoral campaign . 
   i just want to know how they can spread german culture that quick . 
  what i want to know is how the bloody bastards stole toledo from me the last time i played spain . 
  what the fuck are you doing in andalusia , the poles just invaded france and the abbasids are besieging constantinople !, 
   sure , maybe in the uk , but if our pm had wanted a trump style ban he could have easily had one . 
  he still would need for it to pass the constitutional tribunal , because you can bet the opposition would send it there . 
  also , no , right now our pm could not pass a trump stile ban because he has no absolute majority . 
  two years ago he did . 
  and while rebel pms can be expelled from the party , since they are in essence private institutions with their own rules , they * can not * be expelled from their seat in parliament , it 's theirs personally , not the party 's . 
  we were n't talking about europeans . 
  you where the one to claim that the chinese have avoided the problems of authoritarianism . 
  they * learned * from their errors , which is a different matter . 
  given that europe did avoid wwiii , i 'd like to think europe learned from its errors too . 
  for the last couple of days we had southern winds , which bring unusual heat from the sahara . 
  by the weekend the more usual ( for the season ) north/northwest winds will return and the temperatures will drop . 
   but the chinese have mostly avoided that so far . 
  do the expressions `` cultural revolution '' and `` great leap forward '' sound familiar ? 
  the chinese have learned from their authoritarian disasters ( to their credit ) but those disasters were real , and awful in a scale that is hard to believe . 
  for shame , guys . 
  you are the ones with all the secret world domination conspiracies , how did you let the irish of all people upstage you and infiltrate the highest positions of israel ? 
   sandy koufax so , while i am sure his is a nice tradition and all , i am sure many in this reddit will agree that bar refaeli 's is even better, 
  he is not even human . 
  an illegal alien . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/evilbuildings/comments/5x375q/the_four_horsemen_bring_a_blood_moon/defbt4k/ this poster in the original thread explains it pretty well , and the gif they add is very helpful . 
   this large events are usually paid beforehand with a pre-paid menu and then you pay afterwards for certain extras . 
  i work at a hotel that has a lot of weddings and baptisms . 
  you can not go with 100 people to a restaurant and get service . 
  you have to book it beforehand , and even if you do n't pay in advance ( they seldom do for family gatherings , actually ) the restaurant obviously has the name and telephone number of the person who arranged the dinner . 
  that 's what they are - castilian independentists . 
  they would call it castille if they succeeded . 
  well , they first need to earn some seats in the regional parliament or something , but after that the revolution will be ready !, 
  is dead , because there is another independence movement the op forgot that claims the yellow area . 
  i would say that this is three fourths of the uk nations triggered , but let 's face it , they live very close to the european continent , they are totally used to that . 
  let 's all agree that it 's the english fault . 
  i am still not sure wheteher english is a real language . 
  let 's face it , a french/germanic dialect spoken in the southern half of a smallish island becoming a global language ? 
  who can believe this ? 
  plenty . 
  i 's the name switzerland 's provinces use . 
  i doubt they would want to have anything from some random mexican dictator . 
  dear lord , what have i just read ? . 
  you guys up there are still protestant , right ? 
  because i am totally calling france and italy to help us start a proper crusade tonight . 
  i do n't understand ... neither of these dishes look spanish or italian ? 
  i agree . 
  i am certain that , say , trondheim is much , much cooler year round that any portuguese town . 
  yes , they are . 
  they are palaces - places of residence and government . 
  they are not churches or monasteries even if they have preists livin on them . 
  if there is no starbucks , then they can rest safe in the certainty that god has not fully forsaken them when they go down to the town square to drink some actual coffee in the bar . 
   well , corruption-wise i do n't believe that ciu is very different from the two main parties of spain . 
  exactly . 
  there are no parties with no corruption in spain - even cs and podemos were barely months old before the first cases began to turn up - but it is ridiculous to compare pp or ciu , even at their most corrupt , to a far right party . 
  they are serious parties , and both are far closer to the centre-right than the far right . 
  the closest thing we have to far right parties is vox , and they only had 46.638 votes in the last elections . 
  ciu ( before it imploded ) was another respectable right wing party , and i very much doubt its successor convergencia ( whose current name i have forgotten ) has changed ideology just because it si more independist . 
  coalicion canaria and upn are also right wing . 
  yes , i imagined i would be that since the graph has a listing for `` conventional '' and `` nuclear '' . 
  but it surprised me that they only have nuclear, 
  wait , the us does not have any conventional submarine ? 
  / u/harrymuesli , just as a friendly advice , when you are in the `` christianity sucks '' bandwagon , never trust a spaniard that is suddenly lightning a bonfire for no apparent reason . 
  just in case . 
  that is because the spanish navy is efficient and good at multitasking . 
  you can try , but remember that the turks do not have a good reputation in the matter of paying for austro-hungarian walls . 
  that 's what he wants you to believe , but he was buried in a perfectly ordinary funeral , no one staked his corpse or cut his head and put a piece of sacramental bread in his mouth . 
  they did not even bury him facing down . 
  all this is * very * suspicious , in my opinion . 
  breakfast cereals get this name because they are made of cereals . 
  not because they are the only cereal we eat . 
  wheat is a cereal , so flour ( bread , pasta , most sauces ) is cereal . 
  so is rice and corn . 
  the toast in your breakfast will be about 25-30 g. of cereals , this is 9-11 kgs every year just from having one toast every mornins . 
  flour is made from cereals - so bread , cookies , pizza , pasta , and so on are cereals . 
  rice and corn are cereals too . 
  we should make a cocktail with ketchup and vodka . 
  though probably it is better if we do not drink it with pizza , italy has had a bad few weeks and they can not take much more . 
  well , you only need to look at a globe to notice that china and portugal * are * in the same continent - there is nothing but land between them . 
  so china is clearly in europe . 
  most of those so-called `` natives '' were the descendants of illegal siberian immigrants , anyway . 
  but burning your passport does not magically make you lose citizenship , no more that it would happen if your dog ate it . 
  you only need to ask for a new one to whatever government office issues national ids when you can . 
  eastern ukrainians are not stateless . 
  it was still there a couple weeks ago when i visited fitur, 
   regarding the language , the thing is that in catalonia most people are able to speak both languages perfectly , and that is why many people from outside catalonia feel that they are not welcomed . 
  they speak to you in spanish because they know * you * understand that language , and then you reply in a different language they do n't understand . 
  most people are not bilingual from infancy , so they do not change languages in the middle of a conversation . 
  when you repply to a spanish question in catalan , they get the impression you do not want to talk to them because they do not now your language . 
   what did you read/watch/hear / find out in conversation that says differently ? 
  the thousands of african migrants that enter spain every year - and have done so for decades before the refugee crisis began - only to move immediately further north , because they never wanted entry into `` europe '' , they wanted france or the netherlands of germany and spain was just the closest entry point . 
  yes , europe no longer has an problem about russian territorial ambitions . 
  wait a moment , ukraine is calling to talk about something . 
  they could be better . 
  you should snag kaliningrad when the russians are not looking . 
  it may not look now , because we have suffered a dozen years of incompetents in charge , but spain used to be very good at placing diplomats and politicians in relevant international posts , giving our foreign affairs a disproportionate weight compared to our economy or population .
