  but the treaty of lisbon where spain recognised portugal 's victory was in 1668 ( the war was hard , ok ? 
  and there was another in aragon at the same time !, 
  we had a lot of siesta to catch up ), 
  and do n't come crying to us when this happens , either . 
  you should have thought on the consequences * before * the pexit back in ' 68 . 
  that is irrelevant . 
  even if london keeps its position as an international financial centre they * still * need an eu site to make business within the eu easier . 
  and ? 
  we are not talking about influence , we are talking about `` most famous '' . 
  the idea that a greek philosopher is more well known that jesus is , frankly , ridiculous . 
  they also have * homer * as the most famous turk , instead of , say , sultan suleiman i or kemal ataturk ... and when i think on charlemagne 's nationality , `` belgium '' is not what jumps to my mind . 
   ( but this is just my impression from outside ) your impression is wrong , unfortunately . 
  rajoy lacks charisma , but everyone ( except , apparently , the former leadership of psoe , which is why they are in the current troubles ) knew that rajoy was going to increase its share of voters in the next elections , while the psoe was almost certainly going to drop to * third * place people are not fond of rajoy , but they are not fond of any spanish politican right now , and they are dead tired of the endless electoral campaign we have been subjected for the last two years . 
   problem is that a coalition was never possible no . 
  no one has ever asked ( seriously ) for a pp-psoe coalition . 
  the problems is that too many in the psoe do not seem to realise that the choice is not `` a pp government or a psoe government '' , the choice , ever since the results of the second elections , has been `` a pp government in a big minority * now * or a pp government with a bigger - maybe much bigger - share of the seats in three months after the new elections , while psoe loses its place as the second most voted party '', 
  a small break from our sponsors in the pedantic association : the name has nothing to do with the dish origin . 
  the actual name of the food , shortened for convenience , is `` french cut fries '' , that is , fries cut in a long , thin shape . 
  the first two or three or four million , yes . 
  the hundred million behind them would not be accepted . 
  if you believe the pp - yes , even the more conservative rightist members - is far right , then you are completely deluded about what far right means . 
  i very much doubt that , in paris , french is the traditional second language ... 
  denmark , of course , but in a war of sea vs. netherlands , honestly i know where i am placing my bets ... 
  sometimes they are appointed to a different dioceses . 
  it 's the very core of democracy . 
  one man , one vote . 
  because england conquered gibraltar from spain , while ceuta and melilla were spanish before there was a morocco to claim them . 
  in addition to what / u/hohenes said , the actual unemployment rate in spain is widely considered to be far lower than the official statistics , it 's just that a big percentage of `` unemployed '' people are actually working illegally , without paying taxes . 
  spain would not be as calm as it has been the last few years if it truly had 25 % unemployment , 50 % in the youth . 
  frankly , i do n't understand this . 
  the assisted suicide started for the benefit of people who wanted to die , but could not kill themselves due to their disabilities . 
  to put it bluntly , why do we have to force doctors to kill people that are perfectly able to kill themselves if they want to ? 
  they were n't . 
  the inquisition targeted false conversos , that is , people who where baptized and claimed to be catholic but remained jews in secret . 
  the inquisition had not authority over muslinms , jews , or , in the asian colonies , buddists . 
  as if ghandi cares about surrenders when there are nukes available ... 
  no , they do n't . 
  when they enter in a war by `` accident '' , like wwi , it means they had been preparing for war for years ( or even decades ) and were only waiting for a spark . 
  er ... romans ? 
  i agree , it 's spelled alsacia-lorena, 
  i remember that sketch they made in the intermedio a few years ago , where they left an unattended bike in several cities , and they discovered la coru\u00f1a was the more ~ ~ stupid ~ ~ honest of them all ( the bike lasted a whole 40 seconds ! ), 
  you put pineapples in pizza . 
  european nations have started genocidal wars for far lesser offences . 
  strangely , 10-15 years ago when spain was the nation flooded by immigrants , with hundreds diing in the straits of gibraltar every year , germany 's position was that this was spain 's problem . 
  and if the abused partner , after the police acts , refuses to act against their spouse , the police can do nothing . 
  they are adults , so they can choose what kind of relationship they have . 
  it 's very , very hard to help an abused person if the abused is not willing . 
   and then what ? 
  and then he 'll vow to hold a binding referendum next year . 
  to paraphrase one of his political oponents , albert rivera , this is the fourth year that he is going to hold a binding referendum ( this time we mean it , honest ! ), 
  because no , there is no plan beyond . 
  the original name of the river is latin , tagus . 
  you totally changed the vowel . 
  well , it 's , 1 ) a cat 2 ) involved in politics , and 3 ) a cat . 
  that it 's gon na be evil is pretty much a given . 
  as the spanish joke says , `` money does not buy you happiness , but you can rent it '', 
  no , the colonies where * greek * . 
  the byzantines were romans , thus italians , not greeks . 
  besides , the phoenicians where there first . 
  lebannon has first dibs in the re-re-conquista . 
  it did continue as a coherent state . 
  but it was founded after they where conquered and broke free . 
  before that , asturias was just a duchy ( the duchy of asturica , whose duke * may * have been pelayo 's father ) in the visigoth kingdom of hispania , not an independent realm, 
   and they never conquered the kingdom of asturias . 
  they did . 
  the first victory in the reconquest , the battle of covadonga , was against munuza , the governor of gijon ( a coastal city all the way north in spain ) . 
  that was in 722 , eight years after asturias was conquered ( in 714 ) . 
  don pelayo and his gang of friends were a bunch of nobles and rebels that hid in the mountains * after * asturias was conquered . 
  the dutch , when all is said and done , are swamp germans . 
  and nothing good comes when you put `` germans '' and `` give lebensraum '' together . 
   but that 's ok since they are muslim babies . 
  well , of course . 
  you can also eat jewish babies if you really must , but christian ones are a no-no ( its all the pork the mothers eat , they are really unhealthy and your cholesterol will go up . 
  only eat christian babies with lots of salad ! ), 
  er ... `` go back '' ? 
  `` first store '' ? 
  what do you mean , there is more than one store ? 
  hey !, 
  i shop for clothes sometimes . 
  and it occasionally takes me a whole ten minutes to enter the shop , pick and leave !, 
  awwww ... 
  wait , good news ? 
  with photos of adorable baby animals ? 
  what is this ? 
  what has happened to r/europe ??? 
   confessions you obtained under torture are completely unreliable . 
  i can not believe i am defending torture , but , for lack of a better word , `` proper '' applications of torture are not to get confessions , they are to get information that you already know the tortured guy knows ans refuses to tell . 
  for * that * torture is very useful . 
   tautological pleonasm . 
  i am sure that if you were a proper german you would only need one word to say this, 
  that 's what they told you . 
  of course , they also kept the spanish-american war special tax for over 100 years , so there is a very slight possibility that your government occasionally lies to you . 
  yet , strangely , millions of aztecs and mayans and incas and guaranies and countless others still live in their homelands in central and south america . 
  wait a moment ... do n't you mean elsass lothringen ? 
  guys , i think we have a french infiltrator here . 
  forget muslims . 
  do you realise that the city is full of * parisiens * ? 
   but , the spanish constantly doing a russia on gib and making incursions into gib 's waters and exclusive economic zone ( eez ) the main problem is that as far as spain cares , gibraltar has not waters of eez , period . 
  the treaty that ceded gibraltar specifically excluded territorial waters rights . 
   at the first sign of danger ?
