  let 's be honest , we all would immediately open the paper at page 6 . 
  as a headline it is very succesful, 
  my bank also keeps its lights turned on all day every day they are open , summer or winter , so i do n't see what kind of `` daylight savings '' it is doing . 
  france , we are not that easy . 
  you will have to at least invite us to a drink first . 
  i am sure everything will work fine once all the big companies in ireland ( all of whom have dozens if not hundreds of computers ) start to sue to government . 
  you were n't able to control iraq even after you had conquered the whole place , and you want to try to control the whole planet ? 
  good luck . 
  this is disgusting propaganda . 
  we are far worse at speaking english than the french . 
  wait , you mean you are n't ruling us already ? 
  shut up !, 
  you scots , of all people , should know that you do not provoke england like this is you want to keep the cities . 
  they have tried to conquer continents on lesser provocatiojns, 
  that 's what happens when you are all the time on drugs , sudden changes all the time . 
  well , my research was more about the `` homogay subreddits '' but russians are welcome , too . 
  hey , do not be so pessimistic . 
  they still have * six days * before there is not way back !, 
   western homogay subreddits what ? 
  and i discover this now ? 
  where can i find more about this ? 
  ( for scientific purposes , of course ), 
  no , democratic countries do not get to `` make exceptions '' to their laws , they have to follow them . 
  well , it 's * paris * . 
  but you eventually learn to ignore all those parisians around , and it can be quite nice then . 
  the uk has had not years , * generations * of terrorism . 
  i am sure the londoners have complained far more about the traffic jams caused by blocking the westminster bridge for hours than about any terror they are supposed to be feeling . 
  yes , but my point was that tras-os-montes is not in southern portugal by any possible measure . 
  there is no more portugal north of tras-os-montes , it is the northern border already . 
  while it is interesting , i 'll be honest : i opened the link because i misread `` china '' instead of `` crimea '' , so now i am disappointed . 
  first we stole their money , then their alcohol , then their women , and now we are stealing the snow . 
  it 's been a long time in planning , but the spanish empire 2.0 is going well in schedule . 
  tras-os-montes is practically as north as you can get in portugal - they are the northern border with spain . 
  only viana do castelo ( on the northern coast ) is further north . 
  i agree with you . 
  i have never seen ira support in / r/europe and i browse it every day . 
  for that matter , i have never seen eta support either , even though we have people supporting the spanish independentist movements every few days . 
  have you ever drunk american tea ? 
  or american coffee , for that matter?sometimes the prize of an empire is just too high . 
  it 's vey interesting , but the oldest building on earth is [ g\u00f6bekli tepe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%b6bekli_tepe ) in turkey , which may date sometime between 7000-9000 bc, 
  spain has said , over and over and over , that they will only refuse * unilateral * declarations of independence . 
  they explicitly stated that they would accept the result of the past scottish referendum because it had been negotiated with london . 
  if an hypothetical new referendum is the same , they will accept it . 
  it it is an unilateral declaration of independence , they will refuse to recognise scotland as a nation ( much less accept it in the eu ! ) . 
  that 's why span recognises montenegro 's independence but does not recognise kosovo . 
  every spanish town has a plaza de espa\u00f1a , a plaza mayor , or both . 
  well , yes , but you still * can * . 
  that 's what savescumming is for . 
  wait , you are saying that there are times genocides are not allowed in ck2 or eu4 ? 
  empire ? 
  bitch , how many cultures did you enslave and/or exterminate ? 
  come back when you have some * real * imperial conquests . 
  which is part of the world until they finally can into space . 
   the president of the ep is elected by the parliament , not by popular vote . 
  how the hell do you think the parliament seats are filled , by earning prizes in a box of cereals ? 
  yes , it does . 
  the usa is a democracy . 
  hell , it is * the * democracy . 
  if your elected leaders are incompetent , it is the voter 's fault because they let the situation reach that point . 
  the usa is certainly not the first democratic nation to elect scum to the highest office and then complain about `` the system '' , and they wo n't be the last . 
   spain 's capital it 's nice to see the press has kept their traditions of fact checking in international news unchanged until the modern day ... 
  if she was a * good * spy she could met foreign officials and not lie . 
   at the moment there is little difference , as you know . 
  maybe in austria . 
  most immigrants ( not refugees ) that enter in spain - for decades - are muslims . 
  we have a land border with morocco . 
  well , it 's not as if foreigners are real people or something . 
  `` just as '' ? 
  i consider them worse . 
  if you * are * a racist , voting for a party that has your beliefs is perfectly reasonable . 
  voting for that party to `` protest '' the other parties ( i.e. 
  the maybe corrupt but not scum of the earth ones ) is moronic . 
  the whole ss platoon on the backseat , too . 
  it 's amazing how much you can fit in a beetle . 
  there is some sort of white stuff blocking the water . 
  what magic is this ? 
   and i do n't think they have a lot of chinese words at all . 
  basque has lots of spanish loan words , too . 
  it does not mean that a proper linguist can not separate the loan word from the rest of the language with ease . 
   no one knows for sure whether it was non-ie or not though . 
  maybe not tartessian itself , but certainly one or several of the languages spoken there must have been pre-indoeuropean . 
  i personally find doubtful that the original peoples of andalusia came from asia rather than simply crossing the straits in rafts . 
   as a non-brit you 'd get a pass anyway . 
  * i * would . 
  on the other hand , getting a pass as the prime minister of spain on a diplomatic visit to ireland would probably be harder . 
  i know georgia is a relatively decent tourism destination , so let me teach you the spanish experience from decades ago : with the xmillionth tourist party , you pick the hottest girl in the plane , kids . 
  a blonde if possible , unless the majority of georgians are blonde , then you pick the brunette . 
  you do not pick the * actual * numbered tourist until you are , at least , in your 100 million party if he is a normalish looking guy . 
  the word is clearly spanish , not brazilian . 
  spain has two regions with strong independence movements . 
  it does not recognise * unilateral * declarations of independence as valid - they still wo n't accept kosovo - but will accept declarations that have been negotiated between the breakaway region and their ( former ) government by whatever the legal means in that nation are . 
  their position in scotland has always been clear , though british politicians with an agenda kept trying to cloud it : if they simply declare themselves independent they will refuse recognition , but in last year 's referendum they clearly said they would accept the result , because it was negotiated with westminster . 
  ah , yes , the great catalonian 's independence war , where the catalans were fighting for the king of spain as loyal spanish subjects . 
  only , they were fighting for the king that lost the war . 
  the teutons have no kids , they are a holy order . 
  sometimes a moronic noble decides to give one of their provinces to a holy order , and then they keep it forever unless you want to fight the whole order and possibly half of christendom . 
  it 's just they this usually happens to shit provinces all the way over in the baltics or russia or something , so you can deal until you catch the bastards in a weak moment . 
  not so when it happens to my bloody future capital . 
  i also doubt even half of the eu pm speak english , anyway . 
  much less english good enough for state-level conversations .
