  i suppose crowds of one hundred people that suddenly start screaming and running in a calm evening is perfectly normal in your country ? 
   ` did n't actually want half of france , but we wo n't complain . 
  ' , merkel says . 
  i have bad news for you , frau merkel : you got the half of france that has * paris *, 
  let 's face it , at this rate terrible ancient curses can only be an improvement . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  new york ? 
  glasgow ? 
  venice ? 
  please , amateurs , go back to the kiddie leagues . 
   and everyone who actually lives there is an unbearable prick . 
  you are comparing another cities ' unbearable pricks with * parisiens * . 
  sorry , new york , you lose the battle . 
  you had already lost the battle back in new amsterdam 's times . 
  i agree , when we re-annex you guys you 'll fell right at home . 
  guns were just as effective and easy to use 100 years ago . 
   it ensures the constitution ca n't be modified without the support of hardline social conservatives in central spain , even if it benefits them in the long term . 
  despite what the left seem to think , `` hardline conservatives '' ( which actually is used to mean roughly half the voters ever since we got democracy ) have the same rights that everybody else , including the right to vote `` no '' for things they disagree with . 
   ( not really ) well , unless they do win . 
  then were on their side all along . 
  typical of the bastards . 
  let the catalans and basques do all the hard work , then get the prize for themselves when everybody is distracted . 
   i do n't need regulation for pickles or bananas . 
  * you * do n't . 
  pickles and bananas producers or exporters , on the other hand , find these regulations very useful . 
  they have been warning all day that tomorrow we are entering the first heat wave of the summer ... 
  given that i have one bill for landline , mobile and internet , all for telefonica ( and could have added cable tv in that same bill , had i wanted to ) i do n't know what jape13 means . 
  telefonica is split is several sub-divisions for all its services , but it remains one company . 
  they can decide to agree with the result of a referendum , but that does not make the referendum itself binding , because they could have refused it . 
  you guys waste too much energy moving your hands , it does not let you reach the necessary volume for conversation . 
  not really . 
  i mean , the best players of catalonia are already in the selection , and look where this took us . 
  unless they manage to convince messi to get nationality , now that he has said he wo n't play for argentina anymore . 
   these two paragraphs sum it up very nicely , but i do n't think spain , greece or portugal are third world countries . 
  it 's the nyt . 
  they usually are surprised to discover that lisbon and madrid have paved roads and electricity . 
   and 1 million uk citizens in the eu there are [ 761,000 ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/shared/spl/hi/in_depth/brits_abroad/html/ ) brits in spain alone . 
  291,000 in ireland , and 200,000 in france . 
  yeah , because we really should n't put our hopes on a 2020 spain win . 
  maybe andorra . 
  well , there is also the dozen or so islamic terrorist cells the spanish police arrests every year , but who cares about proper policial procedures ? 
  as a gay guy , watching someone who gets funding from motherfucking * iran * play the `` gay friend '' card makes my blood boil . 
  but ... you are american !, 
  should n't you simply walk away from the boom without looking back ? 
  you have to invade france first . 
  i mean , i 'm all for a return of english hate , but we must agree that the french have first dibs , we have only been enemies for a measly 500 years . 
  that is because chicagoans have so much experience they hide most of the murders properly . 
  that can be automated these days , too . 
   what are the chances that nhs funding will increase ? 
  very high , did n't you heard ? 
  they have 350 more million a week now . 
  also , to play devil 's advocate , the very reason spain keeps a pension funds reserve is precisely to ensure you still will be able to pay the pensions in times of economic crises , with the idea that you will refill them in times of economic plenty . 
  eesti can not even into a name inside its borders , so no . 
   it is , specially in `` la espa\u00f1a profunda '' ( hillbilies ) , the church still holds al ot of power and privileges it shows you are a city boy . 
  no , the church has no power or privileges anywhere , cities or villages , beyong whatever power its money gives them ( which , ofc , is a lot , but that has nothing to do with `` religion '' but money , and is far more common in the cities , which is where the money goes ), 
   but if there 's no proof of fraud why repeat the election ? 
  because when an election result is so close -30,000 votes i think - then the results have better be squeaky clean . 
  add some hookers to the offer , you are competing with amsterdan . 
   starting salary for an engineer is around a 1000 euros . 
  i have to doubt this . 
  my starting salary for a four star hotel waiter in leon ( which is not one of the richest or more expensive provinces ) was 1080 euros . 
  are you telling me that restaurant waiters earn more than engineers ? 
   that said i hope scotland annex 's us and she just takes over everything . 
  the last time they did this it turned out well for london , after all . 
  you are a nation that was made half english and half french . 
  * the worst has already happened . 
  that is the formal position of spain in all independence movements : they do not accept * unilateral * declarations of independence , period . 
  this has been the position of all spanish governments , pp and psoe both . 
  spain still does not recognise kosovo . 
  but they already said in last year 's scottish referendum that since it was a negotiated referendum , and agreed by both parties , they would accept its result and allow scotland in the ue . 
  this declaration is a continuation of the same : the uk allows you a referendum for independence ? 
  welcome to the international stage . 
  you do the referendum by yourself ? 
  sorry , pal , you have no authority for this . 
  a referendum bloody * is * a political action . 
  they still show at least one bud spencer and terrence hill film in spanish tv every month . 
   we get a better deal because we have more to offer . 
  no , you do n't . 
   the votes are counted , no-one records who cast what vote recording * what * you vote is completely innecessary . 
  in spain they simply have a census list of all the voters in each table ( you are assigned a table according to your home address ) . 
  you show your id when voting , they check the list , cross your name , and it 's done . 
  the vote itself remains completely anonymous . 
  do n't worry , you only need to learn `` pintxo '' and `` txakolin '' . 
  with there three words you will know everything you need to survive . 
  since we are talking about a possible pan-european language , you can add italian style hand waving everywhere , that will take care of any inprecision, 
  i propose basque . 
  it 's the language that has been spoken in europe for the longest time , so anyone who has not learned it yet is probably just lazy or something . 
  how can there be no data collection ? 
  do n't you need to identify yourself to be allowed to vote , and check you are not voting twice ? 
  that 's what happens in spain, 
  spain has no government right now , and austria 's last elections are under some sort of legal scrutiny . 
  dublin will become the biggest english-speaking city of the union . 
  in the medium and long range you will benefit tremendously . 
  people nave never in the history of humanity been more educated and informed than today . 
  no , `` people are idiots '' is the true explanation . 
  so , i can move to australia whenever i want and inmediately get the same rights as any australian citizen ? 
  that 's good to know, 
  he had a plan . 
  it was `` i am against exit , so if i lose the vote i 'll resign and let those who are * for * the exit to waht they say they want to do '', 
  no , they wo n't .
