  for that matter , university students themselves are a fraction ( a bigger one this time , but still a fraction ) of the total of young people . 
  i like erasmus a a symbol of the european union , but let 's not pretend that is it something more than that , a symbol . 
  spain has about one million and a half university students , and about 35,000 erasmus students . 
  most of the rest will know practically nothing about german culture , to say nothing about finland or estonia . 
  and the average worker will be able to , at most , place the countries in a map and say their capitals . 
  the european population does go further that urban young professionals , something the internet often forgets . 
  perhaps the eu should consider integration plans that go for the majority of the population rather than a few privileged individuals , like helping the tv channels to share and create television series and movies . 
  most everything i know about austrian modern culture ( a opposed to empress sissi ) i learned from kommisar rex . 
  which i am sure is not much , and with all the distortion a cop show will have , but which is actually far more of what i know about how the average german ( to name the biggest nation ) lives . 
  since 1987 - that is 29 years , a whole generation - there have been 3 million students in erasmus . 
  less than 1 % of the european population ( 508 million in 2015 ) . 
  i have a better idea . 
  we expel all the habitants and give the refugees alsace-lorraine , that region has been a lot of trouble the last few centuries . 
  oh , wait , you want to to this to a `` colony '' . 
  i suppose we will have to use french guyana instead . 
  well , `` toy '' guns . 
  the cold war against the three wise men and the tooth fairy could get hot any moment . 
  it is not controversial at all . 
  it has an * hereditary monarchy * . 
  it is the opposite of a republic . 
  now the patriarch only needs to apologize for greek orthodox involvement in the byzantine conquest of rome in 536 . 
  progress !, 
  i like creepy when you are visiting old crypt things . 
  the royal pantheon in the escorial is quite creepy . 
  but it is alto beautiful and interesting , two things that the valley lacks . 
  i agree with samuel79s , it is pretty dull and not worth the visit . 
  i agree , that 's sort of my point . 
  there are no `` celebrity exceptions '' because celebrities do not have exclusive use of their names and surnames , so the disclaimer needs to apply to every name , no matter how famous . 
  to answer you with the most important on you list : [ list of christ surnames ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christ_ ( surname ) ) . 
  jesus is a very common name in spanish-speaking countries , too , so i would not be surprised if there are several living jesus christs . 
  wait , i do n't even need to wonder , i checked the wikipedia list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gg_allin, 
  there are dozens ( even thousands for some names ) of britney spears , george orwells , harrison fords , or hillary clintons . 
  only one of all those lacks protection due to celebrity status . 
  she is obviously a dark blonde , what are you , blind ? 
   new zealand is n't exactly a hell-hole . 
  says you . 
  i saw a movie set in new zealand a while ago and it turns out the country is full of psychotic mutant things that call themselves `` orcs '' and they do n't even have indoor toilets . 
  i doubt there is even one case of anyone being prosecuted for `` touching somebody 's buttocks '' . 
   now i 'm feelink stabby . 
  i though that was the natural state of a finn in this reddit ? 
  it 's full of swedes and russians , you know . 
  by then you probably would be part of us , but it is the principle of the thing . 
  any self respecting pan-european empire must try to retake constantinople . 
  human trafficking is a crime , not treason , but even if they were smuggling a whole foreign army to depose the british government , it still in not treason to france , where the crime happened . 
  let 's skip the middleman and go to the end product : how much is this in the * good * drugs ? 
  neither . 
  they are foreigners , so they can not be traitors * to france * . 
  since they are n't working for the british government either , they also are not enemy agents or spies . 
  i think he should blame , i dunno , uruguay or thailand or something , nato and islamists and even china are so overdone . 
   ( trinubals allowing companies to sue goverments and thus kill sovereignity ) i have not followed ttip , but companies , and individual persons , can sue any european government ( or the usa 's , for that matter ) to their heart 's content if they have due cause . 
  hell , in most they can sue even if they do n't have due cause . 
  they are democracies . 
   they do investigative journalism and publish information about political scandals . 
  let 's be honest , they do this , and have published great articles , but most of their `` investigative journalism '' is yellow press . 
  my money goes to whoever the current vampire slayer is . 
  i 'm not sure i like this . 
  i am a traditionalist , if we are having sudden invasions in eastern europe i think poland has dibs . 
  i know , right ? 
  we went down to 5\u00ba yesterday . 
  how they expect any reasonable human being to live in these conditions ? 
  of course , we always condemn terrorism in all forms , but that rodent is creepy . 
  it was a clear provocation . 
  and in such a meritocratic cabinet , who do you pick as health minister , the guy who is a good doctor or the guy who is not a doctor but is a good hospital manager ? 
  that 's his point . 
  decision jobs at the national level are very complex , touching many different disciplines . 
  choosing `` the best '' by merit is by no means an easy or straightforward decision . 
  it shows that you live in a country that did not have massive third world immigration in the last few decades . 
  yes , it will encourage more to come . 
  it is a bad joke . 
  it is also the exact truth . 
  politicians get ousted from office either by democratic means or by violent means . 
  it ' snot as is you can ask nicely a ruthless dictator to resign , despite what the un and the eu seem to think in their international relationships . 
  the more precise tests - telomere tests , which give an error of a few months if i remember correctly - are more expensive . 
  but a simple x-ray of the bones is good enough to separate a man in his twenties and a 15 year old with a glance , even if if would not be exact enough to separate a 15 year old and a 14 year old . 
   will you cook them swedish food ? 
  it that allowed in international treaties ? 
  it 's an x-ray . 
  every hospital and most smaller clinics in sweden will have a x-ray machine you do need a doctor that knows how to check the age with the bone fusion , a paediatrician or an orthopedist , but it 's not as is sweden of all places is lacking medical professionals . 
  the do not actually need to call the smithsonian to ask dr.brennan and agent booth to help them . 
  spain has been using it in ceuta and melilla for a few years . 
  it 's not too effective for close cases ( 19 , 20 years ) but forpeope over 20 it is fairly effective . 
  national vetos are general , they veto the whole law/decision, 
  as an update , it seems like a 12 year old boy with health problems died of a hearth attack due to the panic in the moroccan city of al hoceima . 
  very nice reply . 
  nice as it is , i noticed that it had nothing to do with the question asked , and i am curious too . 
  what would happen if the police came to your house to warn you against supporting gay rights ? 
  democracy and freedom do not actually mean `` only the things i agree with are allowed to be said '', 
  which explains the distrust of western politicians . 
  it does not explain why would you believe the declarations of nicolas maduro or hassan rouhani . 
   and we have lost two weeks thanks to rajoy . 
  what , did you expect him to renounce without even trying to negotiate an alliance ? 
  i see that you do n't like pp , but you realize he did win the elections , do n't you ? 
  in those two weeks the psoe has not managed to negotiate anything , either . 
  in spain , the president is not chosen directly by the people , but voted by the parliament ( which is newly elected , in the last elections on 21st december ) . 
  you do not actually need a majority ( 176 votes , out of 350 ) ; you only need to get more `` yes '' votes that no , so when your party wins , but did not get an absolute majority , you negotiated with the smaller parties to get at least an abstention ( because obviously your main opponent was going to vote `` no '' ) . 
  that was in former elections , when pp and psoe together would get over 300 seats , so they only needed to fight and seduce the smaller parties for a few dozen votes . 
  this time , two new parties appeared , and the pp+psoe dominance went down badly : pp got 123 seats , psoe 90 . 
  the two new parties got 82 seats ( podemos 42 , and ciudadanos 40 ) . 
  another 9 parties ( several of whom , with 27 seats , are podemos allies ) got the rest of the seats . 
  55 if i added right .
