  it 's not a choice of `` europe or death '' . 
  you may be amazed to discover that there are quite a few conservative , muslim nations that are not war-torn countries . 
  if you can not stand swizerland 's culture , you will be perfectly safe from war in morocco or indonesia . 
  i have the urge to try and trap a dragon in there . 
  your loss . 
  they are delicious . 
  they will get found out once they realize it has already been a couple of hours and no one has gotten drunk yet . 
   it is not as good looking as a restoration , but i think it should be considered a preservation in stead of restoration . 
  that is because it * was * a preservation , not a restoration . 
  her list or marriageable people keeps increasing , and all those european nations that keep legalizing homosexual marriage are making the lists even bigger . 
  it is your bloody fault . 
  if you had called yourself `` germany '' from the start you would have saved yourselves all the trouble . 
  but nooo , lets claim we are romans until they force us out ( and by a frenchman !, 
  how can you stand the shame ? 
  ) , and then pick a couple random provinces to get a new composed name . 
  i think it was written by austrians . 
  which is a bit surprising , i did not think they still though fondly of us by the 18th century . 
  but that is not a war , it 's an ancestral cultural tradition . 
   just ca n't speak the bloody language . 
  you , sir , are an embarrassment to your nation . 
  for untold centuries british people have managed to travel abroad by speaking loudly to foreigners , and when they do n't understand you , repeat it more loudly but slower . 
  among high ranking politicians ? 
  very often , though they usually have to pay for it . 
   does that imply that prayer should be treated the same as medicine ? 
  this would actually be better for the swiss . 
  * because prayer is fucking free * while now the swiss government will need to reserve part of its national health budget to buy distilled water . 
  and there is always the chance god is real and wiling to make a miracle , which is more than you can say for homeopathy . 
   in healthy people , you do not take medicine ( either real or false ) unless you are ill . well , except hypochondriacs , but that is an illness anyway . 
   well , strawberries huh ? 
  no , strawberry trees , which is a [ completely different fruit ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_vkyso8nrlcy/sdjcvg_q6mi/aaaaaaaaaby/3phfeplcjgw/s640/madro%c3%b1o.jpg ) . 
  the raw fruit actually has alcohol , it can make you tipsy if you eat too many , so you can imagine how strong the distilled product will be ... 
  try to be more understanding , he had to use `` alsace '' and `` german '' in the same sentence , he is still recovering . 
  proper grammar takes too much effort in these conditions . 
  in the name of iberian solidarity , we are willing to invade you guys , but we demand a counter-invasion as soon as the brussels inspectors file the papers . 
  but termite will make a good attempt . 
  18th century is not even that old for a church . 
   we should n't have to bank on un help in this case , anyway . 
  and if we can not bank on the un to help solve the biggest humanitarian crisis in years , then why the fuck are we paying the un ? 
  to help random dictators have an international forum to complain and lie ? 
  he probably means the catalan flag ( the one in his flair ) , which was originally the coat of arms of count ramon berenger ii , who lived in the 11th century ( 1053/4 -1082 ) . 
  the map is interesting , but , rather than europe , what has fascinated me are those spots of light in the sahara . 
  the spanish quite clearly remember the last 15-20 years , when they were flooded by immigrants , and the help europe gave us ( spoiler : none at all ) . 
   and the vegetarian cyclists of the animal protection groups ca n't say anything against it . 
  they may have something to complain about once the lidia bull goes extinct , as it stops being raised . 
  yes , i know . 
  wolfing down the food that fast can not be good for you . 
  so , did you win ? 
  here in spain we are interested in knowing your general military readiness for ... reasons . 
  neither does the older . 
  no , not even the religious conservatives . 
  catholics in general have very seldom given a fuck about what the vatican thinks . 
  do not be ridiculous . 
  what are we , filthy orientals ? 
  absinthe is the way to go . 
  when we * were * backward morons , we sacked rome and imprisoned the pope once because he ruled against spain in some policy or another . 
  that 's how much rome ruled us . 
  i have never understood this protestant obsession with `` catholics ruled by the pope '' . 
  a cursory glance at history would show that catholic kings ( and their religious ministers/advisors ) all over europe did whatever the fuck they wanted , and screw the pope . 
  i sometimes suspect that there is a word in german for `` there is a word in german for '', 
  in a wonderful show of south european efficiency , the best time to complain is when you are socializing and drinking . 
  being french , but really , at this point you are just scrapping the barrel . 
   fun fact : most gothic cathedrals in europe took longer to build than usa exists . 
  that is a myth . 
  they were , usually , built within as bishop 's life - one of two dozen years . 
  but for centuries is was the custom for rich people to donate new chapels and such to the church , so they kept razing and rebuilding parts of the cathedral for generations . 
  the new elections are expected in june 26 . 
  that is obligatory by law unless a president is chosen before that day . 
  catalonia is harder to predict , because , well . 
  money . 
  the economic crisis has been a big factor in the rise of independentism ( `` we will be richer when we leave spain '' ) but on the other hand catalonia did not escape the crisis , and they are one fo the regions with the bigger debt . 
  more than once now weeks of anti-madrid rhetoric have been suddenly derailed when the generalitat had to ask for extra money . 
  just a few days ago , they had to ask for an advance of 700 million euros to pay for the public employees wages , which so far the government has refused . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it 's a nice gesture , but there is something that seems wrong with the present , though i just can not decide why . 
  also , i have heard that the last few times germany sent hundreds of thousands or young able bodied men abroad , the nations where they went got angry for some reason . 
  the main problem is that taking donations is legal . 
  being a nasty person is legal . 
  disliking your government is legal . 
  thinking the sharia law is better than your nation 's is legal . 
  until they do something that is against the law , the only thing the police can do is watch them . 
   protestants are no less christian than catholics . 
  that is because they believe in christ and have the bible as their holy book . 
  if you ignore the basic tenets of the faith , as stated by the founder of your religion , then your declaration as still being a member of this religion is suspect ( to be generous ), 
  those catholics must have been amazing fanatics , hunting those poor protestants 700 years before luther . 
   eu bureaucracy does not favor the bold , it favors cautious officials . 
  which is awful , but i suddenly feel the need to play devil 's advocate : historically , the bold acting on a pan-european level has never ended well . 
  it is cynical , but there is also a point where europe , and the usa , and the rest of the first world ) must draw a line and say `` that 's it . 
  * your * nation 's problems are yours , not mine '' . 
  there is a lot of discussion and arguments to be made until you can decide on that line , from the generous to the self-centered , but too often for many politicians and feel-good thinkers it seems that the line does not exists , we must shoulder the entire world 's burdens indefinitely . 
   fake documentary it was legendary because they publicized it as the real thing . 
  but you said it in your post . 
  * fake * documentary . 
  do n't believe everything it claimed . 
  it was the 1820 's . 
  it was probably as democratic as the republics of its time . 
   thats fucked up really fucked up . 
  if you do n't mind sharing with erdogan , the least you should do is aim for a threesome . 
  wait , there are people out there that paid attention to waterloo 's lyrics ? 
  that was the op point . 
  erasmus - the group of people who have been on exchange programs to share the different european cultures - is a small fraction to the total of university students .
