  it 's not my regular pick for entertainment . 
  it 's the only reasonable explanation . 
  i know benfica won , but even with the victory celebrations it 's not possible the portuguese were already * that * drunk by voting time . 
  rape is sexual * assault * . 
  the word `` intercourse '' implies an exchange , that is , both participants are involved . 
  you can actually get raped without the need for the rapist to have sex with you , using sexual toys or other similar objects . 
  the wording of using `` sex '' as a synonym of rape is , frankly , obscene . 
   they get to come here to buy booze so it 's a win-win ? 
  they get to come to buy * cheap * booze . 
  you can forgive a lot for this . 
  there are literal billions of sexual intercourses every * month * in the world , and only a few thousands of those are rape . 
  yes , i think that too , but spain and france being european does not place ceuta of french guyana in the continent of europe . 
  anatolia is in asia . 
  or they believe that enduring a few months of discomfort is not reason enough to murder a child that you could just give up to adoption when it was born ? 
  i am a male , so i do n't really care and feel that abortion is the woman 's choice , but you should try to see the other point of view too . 
  castille is the biggest region in spain , as you are well aware . 
  just because it covers three different autonomous communities did not make castille or castillian culture disappear . 
  wait , * you * were the ones to give us 5 ? 
  what the hell , where you already drunk in celebrations or something ? 
  i though australia bordered russia , ukraine and belarus ? 
  i literally only have to get up my chair and leave after the movie ends to `` unsubscribe '' from the cinema . 
  and you may not be surprised to discover that psoe , who finds this matter * sooo * urgent , only worries about franco 's tomb when it 's the pp the ruling party , and in all the 22 years psoe has ruled , it completely skipped their mind to remove the tomb . 
  sometimes you get really drunk and wake up asking `` where the hell am i '' . 
  russians usually would be very angry , but rumor is that around 4-ish am there was a lot of vodka rounds being paid by some english-speaking tourist with a weird accent , and russians are willing to forgive a lot for free vodka . 
  poor irish , have n't they suffered enough already ? 
  with that attitude you never are going to have more chimneys than roof . 
  but they are very pro-european spain-sceptic parties . 
  they do want independence from spain and a membership in the eu . 
  getting in the news protesting something is their cause . 
   a few months people were asking about the chances of le pen winning and the general consensus in this sub was that she would n't get a meaningful amount of votes and certainly would n't win . 
  the general consensus was wishful thinking . 
  a few months ago it was obvious le pen was going to be , at least , the third party by votes in france . 
  her party has been increasing its vote share , steadily , for several years now . 
  i am wondering why united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization is voting on resolutions about * sovereignty * , which as far as i know has nothing to do with education , science or culture . 
  but when france , germany , england and spain are there , picking a new target ( so you do n't get accused of rehashing old things to distract people ) is pretty hard . 
  mmmm ... have any of us ever invaded kazakhstan ? 
  the mosque of cordoba was * also * built over the site of the former cathedral . 
  all of spain 's great mosques were build in the place where the city 's cathedrals once stood . 
  when each city was reconquered , they tore down the mosque and rebuilt the cathedral . 
  cordoba , like hagia sophia in the opposite direction , was an exception in the `` tear it down '' , since they simply converted the place . 
  `` the allies '' included stalin , if you will remember . 
  gaudi understood that this is what an important church was meant to be . 
  full of symbology , religious and secular , meant to be examined and discussed for centuries , but its emaning never made fully clear . 
  unlike most modern architects that only care to shop how big their dick is . 
  you mean the cathedral of sevilla ? 
  sorry , it was demolished to build a mosque over it over a thousand years ago , it can not be returned . 
  when the muslims destroyed all of spain 's cathedrals to build mosques it was all perfectly fine , but somehow a few centuries later when those cathedrals were rebuilt is was an eternal crime against humanity . 
  * incestuous * equine royal dynasties . 
  i 's probably that portal to hell they have somewhere in the island . 
  well , brazil * is * in america . 
  since he is talking about marine le pen , i am also curious about what `` left '' and `` pro '' mean here ... 
  but ... but ... obelix was one of the original frexiters ? 
  they were so against europe they never joined in the first place ? 
  they were deported to spain , since once them was spanish and the spanish government asked for thee deportation . 
  they are an anti-system party to went into power to make trouble and damage the political system . 
  i 'm not bashing then , that was their program , they never once claimed to be otherwise fro extra votes like so many other `` anti-system '' parties . 
  they did not lie , they are giving you exactly what you voted for , so i do n't see what do you have to regret . 
  pyrrha , wife of deucalion , was the daughter of the mortal pandora and the titan epimetheus . 
  but she was mortal , not a goddess . 
  popular party , the current ruling party . 
  constantinople ? 
  you mean the city that has a bigger turkish population than the whole of greece ? 
  this is not a computer game . 
  an anti-pp spanish newspaper . 
  el pais is a very good newspaper , but they wo n't event claim to hide their political bias . 
  but . . but ... you already have mallorca ? 
  i do n't see why , [ it 's not as if you guys hide it or something ] ( http://www.tyden.cz/obrazek/201302/512dd124da85d/crop-356306-rex.jpg ), 
  they have police dogs that are more intelligent that their human partners . 
  yes . 
  once you have this , and realise a worryingly increasing demographic of your nations * agrees * with it , suddenly the difference between `` marriage '' or `` civil partnership '' does not feel that important . 
   and i 'd expect white women to vote more for white hillary than grad 'em by the pussy donnie ... but here we are . 
  yes . 
  it is almost as if american white women and french homosexuals are people , each of whom has a different personality , opinions and ambitions , rather than some cardboard cutouts for a demographic census . 
  perhaps if those parties worried about what these people want ( or at least bothered to lie and claim they worry about it ) , instead of just taking their votes for granted because they are of the `` right '' demographic , they would have better results . 
  with the number of streets going in all directions around , you 'd think they would have managed to pick at least * one * that was parallel with the square ... 
  eating it . 
  but the point if the expression is that is you * do * eat the cake , you do n't have it anymore . 
  because it was eaten . 
  well , our king is still the duke of athens and neopatras . 
  you guys can claim to be part of spain to trick some of the more geographically ignorant tourists your way ( you 'd probably get americans by the planeload ), 
  please , the proper term is swamp nazis . 
  are you high or what ? 
  there is nothing , i say nothing , in \u1e8eabal t\u0101riq that has anything to do with the moors . 
  actually , you know what ? 
  ~ ~ t\u00e1riq ibn ziyad ~ ~ tarik benzema was ours too , now that i think about it . 
  recently we found papers that clearly stated he was from valladolid ( it took a while , because they were accidentally hidden in an old cupboard full of cristobal colon 's birth certificates ), 
  honestly , i barely noticed the black sea because i was busy being surprised by the north . 
  til that oslo and st. petersburg are practically in the same latitude , i always though st. petersburg was further south . 
  that 's the problem with this century . 
  once , we could have invaded morocco or the ottomans or even france , but no , we had to get all civilised and peaceful and shit . 
  that 's why we have satan . 
  for only the cheap prize of an ocasional virgin sacrifice ( also the ocasional bishop or count sacrifice , but those are more of a plus than a minus ) you can kill inconvenient people to your heart 's content . 
  you only need some patience , since you already have a starting point . 
  send some of those kgb guys you have may forgotten in some old storage cupboard and start spying on the dutch , you will reclaim the ocean of dreams soon enough . 
  the point of the above posters is that the usa system will not let trump reach endorgan levels , in three months or three years or even the full eight years . 
  no matter how much he may ( or may not ) want to . 
  i clicked because the thumbnail cut her head , and my first though was `` damn , you do n't even need to see her face to recognise her ! '', 
  that 's seven years more than trump will be legally allowed to rule . 
  endorgan did not yet have the power to do what he is doing back in 2011, 
  i was going to post a rant before i realised i was mistaking mir\u00f3 for t\u00e0pies ( beats me why , it 's not as if the names have any similarity ) .
