  originally it was an actual hat strap - to hold the hat in place . 
  but in combat , it turns out it was a hazard ( the hat could get stuck in something and the strap could strangle you ) so the soldiers wore it too short , making the strap fall in front of the chin . 
  some time later , it is a tradition . 
  they all died , so they do n't count . 
  ok , that 's it . 
  we are re-forming the tercios . 
  nothing personal , guys , it 's just that the heat wave is not leaving until next week , we need some lebensraum pronto . 
   people from outside coming to barcelona might not be used to this humidity . 
  wait , people from outside come to * barcelona * in summer ? 
  you are talking about foreign tourists , do n't you ? 
  what 's next , a nice weekend trip to seville in august ? 
  why are you worrying ? 
  even when it retires , it will end up in the iberian peninsula anyway ( well , that or florida , but since it flees florida as far as it can every year , it probably does not like the place ) . 
  it 's the brits and scandinavians the ones who need to worry . 
  you mean gibraltar , do n't you ? 
  then in winter you let the shutter open , like we do ? 
   and you better not have said sagrada fam\u00edlia was in madrid ... 
  it 's our long standing secret plan . 
  we are waiting until barca gets to a champions final again ( and real madrid is not playing something ) and steal the church when you are all distracted . 
  have you seen the spanish cathedrals ? 
  do n't worry , as soon as they put the last brick they will have to build a scaffolding somewhere to start the restoration project . 
  do n't worry , majorca is still there . 
  he means actual blond hair , you know , the one that does not need chemical help . 
  see ? 
  if they had started discussion with this instead of trade and brotherhood of men and peace , brexit would have never happened . 
   there 's no evidence that this was the case , and i see no reason to suspect it to be more likely to be true than the simpler case of a bias doc committing literal , if not legal , malpratice . 
  when a * professional psychologist * states that one of their patients is on actual suicide risk , you act on their advice and if you have reasons to think they are wrong , you ask for a second opinion . 
  which is what happened here . 
  what you do n't do is to simply * ignore * the professional warning you of a risk for life because you may have `` reason to suspect '' they are biased due to their religious beliefs . 
  because maybe , just maybe , this time you may be the one biased , and after the girl has killed herself is too late for second opinions . 
  but we can still get the badass cathedral spaceships , right ? 
   if it 's true that the girl was found to be depressed , could it have been that her depression was induced by inimical adults in a position of authority ? 
  unwanted pregnancy at a young age is already a heavy burden by itself . 
  the cause of the depression may be important for a future successful treatment , but when she is literally having suicidal thoughts , that is a very secondary question opposed to `` let 's stop her killing herself tonight '' the court rules in her favour , not she can get a proper treatment and maybe even sure the original wrong diagnosis if she wants to . 
  if the first doctor had been right , but let her go , and then she killed herself , it would be far too late for `` second opinions '', 
   because what happens to my body and life is not yours to decide what happens to it . 
  how can you `` not get '' something like that ? 
  what has to go wrong to end up not getting something like that ? 
  because the point of the pro-lifers is that * it is not your body * , it is the body a a second person you are killing because of a few months discomfort , because it 's not as if you can not put the child up for adoption . 
  what has to go wrong to end up not getting something like that ? 
  i am generally pro-abortion , but people should really try to understand the other side 's point of view in important matters . 
  please , we would not be proper europeans if we were n't plotting to destroy france . 
  i agree . 
  and since the netherlands is rightful spanish clay , this means france is ours . 
  let 's start a two-pronged invasion , we can let the endless arguments ( as proper spaniards ) about who exactly keeps what fro the time when we meet in the middle . 
  they got lucky the old king was chill and just decided to up the ante , we have sacked rome on lesser provocations . 
  that said , in francisco dares to retire before benedict kicks the bucket , all bets are off . 
  have you * seen * the retiro pond ? 
  the only wonder is that he did not bounce like he had fallen in the ankh river . 
  wait , that 's a dangerous path to follow . 
  because while i am all for being german , ofc , that means that the french , who come form the franks , are german too . 
  do we have to accept being related to the french ? 
   but rural life is tied into the european identity strong enough that some concessions are necessary . 
  some concessions from rural people would be nice , too . 
  in my parent 's rural county there is a city of 70,000 people , with two highways that more or less cover the whole region . 
  it has a big hospital , plenty of high schools , even a small university campus . 
  you are only 20 minutes by car , 30 at most , from any village in el bierzo to ponferrada . 
  it took me longer to get to my job when i lived in leon , even though my job was also in that city . 
  yet every single town hall , even if the whole municipality has only 200 people scattered in four hamlets , is constantly whining about how much they need the new doctor office , the new school , the new industrial area , and so on . 
  yes , i understand that many people in these villages are elderly , but plenty of elderly people living in big cities are also 30 minutes away from a hospital . 
  money is not endless . 
   you only know two and thats because they were so well publicised . 
  those two are the only policies we need to know about him to want our leaders to keep as much distance as it is diplomatically possible with him . 
   lmao , can you link me one of these multiple interviews ? 
  sanchez follows similar politics to zapatero : `` yes , yes , of course , i agree with you . 
  * votes the opposite when the time comes * what do you say ? 
  what vote are you tasking about ? 
  of course i agree with you , next time i will totally give you what you wanted '' and then they are surprised they keep losing votes . 
  you can love or hate parties like pp or erc ( to put two on opposite sides ) but they usually act in what they claim to want to act . 
   everyone likes moni  everybody also likes winning elections , and the problem with those politicians to claim `` they wo n't veto , it will hurt their money '' is that with 28 nations , there is always an election going on somewhere , and `` caving to foreigner demands '' when the opposition is doing otherwise and `` protecting our national interests '' is a risky proposal in an election . 
  wait , but let 's do it in november , when the central meseta temperatures are back to human-bearable levels . 
  london - a city of 10 million people - has its forensic department swamped by 8 deaths ? 
  i am fairly sure santander is buying the bank * and * the debt , since that is usually the way these `` buy some company for 1 $ '' thing works . 
  madrid in summer is only part of spain because we feel pity for them , it is actually a slice of hell that got struck in the last dimensional alignment . 
  i love the small diagonal streets - not the big avenues , these look planned , but the ones like the lower left corner . 
  you stare at the aerial view and wonder why is that street there cutting the block , what happened ? 
  and the political union ( compared to the way it was back before euro ) is doing pretty fine , too . 
  i 'll be honest , every time i see a night image of this tower , i think the same . 
  vegas is not on the list , either . 
  like op , i find this suspicious . 
  you mean the guys that conquered and ruled under a dictatorship the areas they `` liberated '' for 40 years ? 
  yes , i am sure eastern europe is very grateful for their freedoms under the soviets . 
  what ? 
  and wait 5 extra minutes for lasagna ? 
  while we are on it , if you are buying subpar pre-made lasagna ... why the hell do n't you buy the microwave version , which is equally good * and only needs five minutes ? 
  * for a certain value of `` good '' . 
  they do n't even need to change the name too much when they make the xxx version . 
  china has a huge problem with islamic terrorism , mostly in xingiang , although in its case it could probably be fair to say the the problem is more ethnic than religious . 
  til argel and tunis are european cities . 
   such cities are relatively abundant in europe compared to other regions . 
  such cities ' urban planning collapses when there is actual snow on the city streets . 
  the only thing that works properly is the subway , and that is a very expensive infrastructure that most cities do n't have . 
  king charles iii . 
  that picture is the throne room , actually , but yes , it can be visited . 
   the actual one is a leftover of the fascist times . 
  the actual one is a `` leftover '' from 1785 , when the red-yellow-red flag was chosen by king charless iii . 
  if you are curious , that was 107 years before francisco franco was born . 
  it may surprise some people to learn that spain 's history did not start in 1936 . 
  my mother and her sisters are all from northern spain and they are all very dark skinned . 
  in summer my mother actually has darker skin than a moroccan family that lives near her house .
