  specially since , not to put too fine a point about it , communism has views about religion and god . 
  listen , pal , we are still waiting for an explanation of the whole suebi , vandal and visigoth thing in 411 . 
  what ? 
  we invited them to eurovision , what more could anyone want ???? 
  i 'm from leon , near galicia 's border , and we could see the galician tv before we moved to the tdt system . 
  while i never actually learned to speak the language , i literally grew up watching cartoons in galician ( they had dragon ball * years * before national tv did ) , so i understand it pretty well . 
  galician and portuguese are quite similar . 
  the worst part with italian is that you could actually understand the gist of it , if the damned italians did not speak so fast . 
  portuguese is much easier . 
   which also means that they can , and should be investigated as to whether they commited any crime of war and , if found guilty , sentenced for it . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i 'm not saying they should be jailed , but they left the nation to kill people . 
  the cops can not simply take their word for it , they must investigate , and , hopefully , find then to be on the clear . 
  not only the euro . 
  for thirty years spain has received billions from the eu ( and the cee before ) . 
  we have build motorways , hospitals , universities , brought our agrarian sector into the 20th century , and many , many more . 
  we have grown from a developing nation to a fully first world one . 
  losing your money hurts , but the truth is that now it 's out turn to pay our share to poland and romania and slovenia and so on . 
  because , even with the worst economic crisis in generations , we can afford it even if it 's not as much as we could have five years ago . 
  greece has been in the union longer than us . 
  by now , they should not be getting aid from eastern europe , they should be giving it , so in 20 or 30 years those nations are developed enough than the can complain about having to pay money to the eu . 
  private banks that had lent billions to the greek government , billions that were spent somewhere in greece . 
  the bailout was to pay loans debt . 
  you get loans debt by asking for loans and spending the money . 
  an , let 's not forget , the army and police are only allowed to kill in very specific situations . 
  why does people always make this false equivalence ? 
  joining the army - or , for that matter , moving abroad and joining your new nation 's army , like many immigrants do here in spain - is a completely different affair that killing people just because you feel like it . 
  they may argue that they joined an army , but they did not join either the syrian or iraki armed forces . 
  none of the other anti-isis militias belong to nations recognized by the spanish government , so that is something that their defence will need to argue to the tribunals and convince the judge . 
  they may even accept the explanation , but that is a matter for the tribunals to decide . 
  isis is a real danger and i will honestly say that i do n't mind if they are killed . 
  but it is a dangerous line to walk . 
  killing armed isis soldiers is perfectly legitimate . 
  what about their logistics people , who organize the weapon depots , transport amno , and such ? 
  most people agree that all those are legitimate targets . 
  what about plain clothes spies ? 
  killing those is not only legitimate , international law actually allows for summary execution in wartime . 
  and once we have accepter those last two targets , what 's the difference between logistics officers and spies in damascus and those in madrid ? 
  do we allow citizens to enter a house or radical mosque where they know a isis cell is working and kill them ? 
  being a comedian is a job , not a lifestyle . 
  you can make your living with humour , and remain serious when off the clock in serious matters . 
  specially if you leave your comedian job , and start a new career in a truly important affair like , say , deciding the future of your whole nation . 
  i probably will be in the minority for saying this , but killing people in spain is illegal . 
  it is illegal even if you do it abroad to `` filthy foreigners '' that do n't like europeans . 
  yes , but then we look a bit silly when we complain about then . 
  picking the proper word is half the fun ... 
  if the eu was named the evil union , complete with black leather uniforms , death rays over historical monuments , and secret underground lairs in brussels were the dread council meets , i think i honestly would like our union more . 
  a lot more . 
  classical supervillains are a zillion times cooler than nameless bureaucrats . 
  of course , if we did we would need to expel the uk , because if the mi6 can not fight us , then the enemy will have to be the cia , and that will not do . 
  if only each nation had one of those every couple generations , the world would be a wonderful place by now . 
  let \u00a1 s all hope , one day . 
  yes . 
  but even if you are the more far sighted president who ever presidented , you can not apply those wonderful policies if you lost the elections . 
   has to be ratified by all 18 parliaments ... not only the 4 as before that is the most glaring omission the greek politicians have made - the other countries also have electorates , too , and european politicians will always , always think on the people who can actually vote for them ( or , more to the point , vote to the , * gasp * , opposition leader ) first , and how liked they are abroad a far second . 
  it is an obvious conclusion . 
  london is one of the - i would honestly say * the * - most important financial capital of the world . 
  of course that would include money laundering . 
  bah , potato poteto or whatever way the english write this proverb . 
  sombrero-wearing straw donkeys are awesome , the only way you can improve them is with a couple of flamenco dancer figurines in the ickle saddlebags . 
  it literally means `` i fear the danaans even when they bear gifts '' , danaans being the homeric name for greeks of the achaean peninsula ( opposed , i imagine , to greeks from the islands , anatolia , or southern italy ), 
  it 's our fault , i 'm afraid . 
  if we had conquered them properly back in the empire they would be cooking in oil like civilized beings . 
  wait , now than i think on it , greece and spain are conquered provinces , so the fault is * italy * 's , not ours . 
  they even have ski resorts in * morocco * . 
  yes , the mediterranean is warm , but not the tropics . 
   canaanite abraham was from ur in southern irak . 
  canaan was in the gaza/israel/lebanese coast . 
  there are roughly 700 miles of mostly desertic land between those two civilizations , which is not something bronze age tourists travelled often . 
   i expect we need to more than those central european ones who can afford to sneer at it !, 
  we should drop those central europeans in , say , cordoba ( such a lovely day , yesterday , with 42\u00ba centigrades ) with no air conditioning ... 
  do n't worry , you only have land border with one nation , we will not partition you with a second enemy ~ ~ when ~ ~ in the highly unlikely possibility we would ever invade you guys, 
  it shows he is american . 
  when in doubt between pissing off the french and literally anything else , any proper european will pick pissing off the french . 
  really stupid , guys . 
  you send a singer - or , i dunno , some busty model , whatever - and then use the warlocks to curse the opposition and rig the votes . 
  the main problem if an invasion of the uk is logistics : if you miscalculate your supply lines , you may be forced to eat english food . 
  so invading israel is probably the better option . 
   it 's just that companies like mcdonalds offer absolutely 0 benefit to a community , yes , it 's not as if all those workers get a salary they spend in the community or anything . 
  sounds like a perfectly reasonable foreign policy to me . 
   would draw resources from cantonal and national sources . 
  what resources ? 
  exactly ? 
  strangely , in these sweeping proposals they never seem specify these mysterious `` sources '' or explain why if all that new money is just out there laying around it has n't been already used up in building two new hospitals . 
  and i am sure 100 % of podemos members wanted an absolute majority win , like all other parties . 
  but they did not get it . 
  a solely left-wing coalition is impossible , so they can choose between trying to negotiate with some of those nasty right-wing parties , or a new election . 
   if i 'm getting blocked off by a site for using them , i wont visit it anymore . 
  they really , really overestimate how much people wants to see their sites . 
  it 's not only excessive pop up ads : if a site gives me even a slight inconvenience , i will not return . 
  i have literal millions of sites to pick and choose . 
  what the hell do you mean there is not third option ? 
  switzerland is a democracy , it does not forbid emigration to its habitants . 
  if they can not stand swiss culture , the family can try to emigrate * anywhere * in the world . 
  it 's not sending back . 
  if a new zealander hates his life in japan , but does not want to return to new zealand , he is perfectly free to try to emigrate to spain . 
  no one is forcing them to stay in japan or be deported . 
  i 'm not asking to `` deport '' them . 
  i am telling them that they have plenty of nations where they will be more confortable in their cultural and religious beliefs than europe , so they can move there if our perversions are so intolerable . 
  if they prefer europe , they must obey its laws .
