  you will be right . 
  i had my first strabucks coffee in madrid a couple months ago . 
  the only reason i finished it is that i kept telling myself every sip was about 30 cents i had already paid for . 
  the cookie was very good though . 
  though at the prize it probably was made of puppies and rainbows , so i had to taste good . 
   eritrea is a special case though , because the government routinely forces citizens abroad to pay taxes by threatening to hurt their relatives still in the country otherwise . 
  this sounds weird . 
  the usa does the same , and they do n't need to threaten anybody , they just made a law . 
   if your entire narrative is based around predicting obvious bad things to happen , then it 's not that hard to be `` vindicated '' . 
  the key word here is `` obvious '' you said it , many of those problems where obvious . 
  when the rest of the political parties keep claiming these problems do not exist they can not complain when they are slapped in the face by reality . 
  the `` ostrich hiding its head '' approach europe 's mainstream politicians have adopted is one of the main reasons for the rise of radical political parties all over the continent . 
  many parts of the bible are genuinely interesting to read as a book , so it 's not the same . 
  but stopping being obese is a lot of work , over months , at minimum , before you see real results . 
  while you can stop being an asshole in one second . 
  but u/sperrel is right , too . 
  the title is `` presidente '' because originally the full title was `` presidente del consejo de ministros '' , from 1834 until the civil war . 
  it changed to `` presidente del gobierno '' in the constitution of 1978 , but they kept the `` president '' because it was the traditional shorthand . 
   that 's unforntunate and ought to be corrected . 
  once they could make a proper effort in education , with barely 20 years euskera went from a dying museum language spoken in a handful of isolated hamlets to being spoken by almost 90 % of the population . 
  saving a language is not actually that hard , it only needs politicians and citizens that want to save it . 
   the surveillance does n't really need to be there . 
  i do n't think i like what you are suggesting here . 
  santa 's list is real . 
   so we should also move frankfurt 's central bank , strasbourg 's european court of human rights , the european council ( also in strasbourg ) and the luxembourger european court of justice and institutions to brussels  in a word ? 
  yes . 
  i do n't see why we have to spend extra tax money to have european institutions scattered over four countries just so a few politicians can brag about it being in their nation . 
  if they do n't like brussels having it all , then they can argue for everything to be moved to another city . 
  or perhaps we should do it properly and move 28 different institutions , one in each country ? 
  this sort of thing turns up often with poll about basic knowdelge of a nation `` xx percentage of spanish youth do n't know who franco is !, 
  stop the presses ! ), 
  and is all rubbish . 
  i refuse to believe that there are british people that do n't know north ireland is in the uk . 
  anyone who claims so in a street poll is trolling the pollers , plain and simple . 
  sorry , but are you suggesting that there is another nation who would dare to claim mcribs as theirs ? 
  i am amazed the usa does , i would look to the other side and try to blame the soviets or something . 
  they may be reliable for british stuff , i do n't usually follow british news . 
  but i have never seen they publish an article about spain that is not , to be generous , biased . 
  many should be more honestly called `` libel '' . 
  apparently greek articles are similar . 
  i would n't be surprised to hear italian or portuguese news suffer the same . 
  i wonder what dark plans estonia has that it keeps travelling south to the black sea . 
  but my favourite is `` these are all fake '' . 
  i agree , unknown american guy . 
  we should blame austria for this , if they had not lost the plot most of these would be one country and our geography classes would be way easier . 
  when the people who try to address rape honestly , in all seriousness , claim that taking a drunk girl home after you met her in a pub is rape - and of your own drunkenness , belonging as it does to a male , means she is not raping you no matter what - and that she may be perfectly fine the next morning , even send you a couple of friendly texts , and in a couple weeks repent and go to the cops , no one with any sense can take the whole thing seriously . 
  what those `` rape seminars '' actually do in the long range is hurt rape awareness . 
  if * everything * is rape , then people have a hard time taking seriously victim 's claims when actual , criminal rape happens, 
   getting arrested simply for leaving your native land seems a bit crazy to me . 
  amazingly enough , in the uk , killing people - or plotting to kill people - is illegal . 
  even if you plan to do it to filthy foreigners . 
  do n't worry , now we are european and any day now they will teach us their amazing teleportation technology that lets them move from city to city avoiding the areas between them . 
   do you have a proposed solution that would both stop isis killings and not lead to further terrorism down the line ? 
  there is n't any we ( as in `` the western world '' ) can use . 
  the only solution is reform within islam so islamism is no longer an acceptable ideology for literal millions of faithful . 
  and these reforms can not come form the outside . 
  so our only solution is `` stop isis killings '' and when further terrorism inevitably comes down the line , top them too . 
   appeasement never works . 
  it worked for britain . 
  you only have to be aware of the only possible reason for an appeasement : `` we are not ready for a war * right now * , we need a few years to get ready . 
  quick , delay and distract '', 
  these `` promising talks '' seem to consist on reinstalling the same leaders who caused the problem , but now in democratic coalition while preparing for democratic elections where they peacefully ( and democratically ) will leave the power they destroyed their nations in a horrid bloodbath to keep . 
  because democracy , fuck yeah . 
  i ca n't even muster fake enthusiasm for the peace talks . 
  but when someone starts talking shit gets real : i read your list , and to the german people , i only have one thing to say : * we * did everything before you guys did , you fuckers , find your own atrocities and stop stealing ours . 
  roughly one trillion fallout 4 posts were made , but beyond that , i do n't remember anything important . 
  maybe before . 
  now with the obesity epidemic lifting an american to throw them to someone is ridiculously hard , guns are way easier . 
  for the last twenty years , long before the syrian war and islamist troubles in the middle east , the big waves of immigrants ( not , usually , refugees ) have been sub-saharan africans entering spain , and , after they hardened their border controls , italy . 
  of course , all that time europe made it very clear that is was an internal spanish and italian problem . 
  suddenly when it is france and germany the nations flooded , it becomes an european problem and we all need quotas . 
  i got curious , so i googled the image . 
  it 's portofino , in italy ( 40 km or so from genoa ), 
   this will inevitably lead to unfortunate outcomes . 
  the eu ( well , the cee ) was created because before it the `` processes for proposing '' in europe consisted in military invasions . 
  unfortunate outcomes are better than deadly outcomes . 
  that is never as easy as it sounds , and for some reason lately the new zealanders have been getting rather weird when such things are mentioned . 
  and adblock is , of course , something built in stardust and maintained by the internet fairies rather than a company that has to pay workers , server use , and show a profit . 
  and , obviously , tracks every single page you visit and every add it blocks . 
  i use adblock myself , because i find the trade-off convenient , but i am perfectly aware that it is a trade-off and do n't fool myself thinking the adblock owners care about my privacy . 
  there are awful ones , but those usually are not bought and broadcasted abroad . 
  the american shows we see usually are at minimum on the good side of `` average '' . 
  browsers belong to corporations , too . 
  they also earn money from those practices , or very similar ones . 
  they are n't a neutral party . 
  because pretending that corporations that earn a fortune - several fortunes - from an unethical practice will mend its ways by being nice and using uplifting dialogue instead of being forced by laws is beyond naive . 
   i think it 's not only eu residents it is n't . 
  in municipal elections , they have the right to vote if they are eu citizens or citizens of any country that has a reciprocity agreement with spain ( bolivia , ecuador , per\u00fa , cabo verde , chile , colombia , korea , iceland , norway , new zealand , paraguay , and trinidad y tobago . ), 
  in european elections , any eu citizen can vote . 
  i think than all other elections - regional and national - only spanish citizens can vote . 
  where is it ? 
  in the fucking constitution . 
  article 92 , to be exact , regulated in the ley org\u00e1nica 2/1980 , de 18 de enero , sobre regulaci\u00f3n de las distintas modalidades de refer\u00e9ndum . 
  you have never snooped into your sibling 's rooms , have n't you ? 
  spain already has a wall on our moroccan land border , and it 's not to keep isis out , it 's just to keep normal illegal immigrants out . 
  we have a police force , and intelligence alliances with he nations in north-west africa , to `` keep '' isis and less known terrorists out . 
  my dear celtic people up north : no one will think you are less manly if you occasionally hit the space bar . 
  and a roman temple ( to jupiter , i think ) before that . 
  the counterpoint is that there is no `` left coalition '' . 
  yes , the left parties , taken as a whole , had more seats .
