  you 'll get it back , no worries . 
  eventually . 
  after the coffee break . 
   but there is doubt there is bad grammar , not doubt . 
  the reason the punctuation exist is precisely for that rule , to remove the doubt . 
  to explain , in spanish , in a few letter + vowel combinations ( que , qui , gue , gui ) the `` u '' is mute . 
  but in * some * gue and gui words the u is not mute . 
  you use the diaeresis over the u to distinguish those words . 
  although we have moved from our dark centuries and most people agree that the without-onion people should not be exterminated , and may even have the right to live in spain instead of being expelled if they stick to their proper place , there is a far harder decision in the tortilla field : the insides , runny or hard ? 
  i am shocked , shocked , to learn that dangerous activities and lots of alcohol can have tragic results . 
  in other breaking news , several drunk people in spanish summer festivals died falling through the window , drowned on the beach , of alcohol poisoning , drug overdose , or traffic accidents . 
  yes , i am very surprised too . 
  but they are gone , so you do n't need bornholm anymore . 
  what ? 
  lusitania was conquered by 132 bc . 
  the last great lusitanian rebellion was viriatus , in 139 bc . 
  emperor constantine did not convert until 312 and the edict of thessalonica that banned pagan practices was in 381 that is over * 500 years * after the roman conquest . 
  the idea of linking christianization and the lusitanian tribes 's resistance to conquest half a millennia earlier is ludicrous , specially since most of the empire 's urban areas had a very significant christian population - that converted by itself with no help from the authorities - by the time of constantine . 
  many nations could be on the list , but honestly i am struck at the idea of the bloody * uk * being an `` underrated '' beer country . 
  well , yes , but look at the name . 
  the britishness of the company is very suspect . 
  it 's an even better strategy . 
  if russian see finns and poles around when they have an army on the move they will invade them , it 's instinctive . 
  it will give the irish time to gatehr their forces and retreat to ... er ... kerry ? 
  ok , so it 's not as good a strategy . 
  it 's your fault for living in a smallish island anyway . 
  well , there was celine dion that one time . 
  i mean , i do understand if you want to pretend she does not exist , but she * was * in eurovision . 
  ok , all of you in this conversation chain , fess up . 
  you are all typing random words and adding the ocasional \u00ba or \u00a8 and to mess with southerners and pretend you all understand each other , do n't you ? 
  in columbus ' time , the portuguese actually did have their navigation charts classified . 
  some claim that 's the reason he married a portuguese woman , to have access to her family 's charts . 
  so while the tale is a conspiracy theory , it is a * believable * conspiracy theory . 
  nazis are european natives , so no problem . 
  but i am a bit worried about the tranformers , because i am fairly sure they are illegal aliens and every time those are involved the political discussion degenerates into namecalling . 
  we annex canada in a surprise attack just before we claim the moon . 
  we do have nations with experience in that sort of thing , it 's silly not to use their expertise . 
  even with those numbers you can not get 45 seconds . 
  if there is one reported and nine unreported rapes every 40 minutes , this gives us one rape every 240 seconds . 
  they are two different things . 
  you can have territorial waters , but you can not stop shipping on straits , even if they are yours . 
  spain and morocco own the strait of gibraltar 's territorial waters , but they can not stop any ( lawful ) ship from crossing into the mediterranean . 
  it 's a map that joins the nations and their continental waters . 
  land borders and landlocked nations remain the same , and coasts get increases by the territorial waters . 
  well , britain rules the seas and all that jazz . 
  and the actual data is that what the map claims is gibraltar 's water is actually spain 's coast from gibraltar to portugal . 
  gibraltar 's waters is the tiny unlabelled triangle just to the east of the strait . 
  i know the netherlands do weird things when you forget to watch them , but i do n't think european borders or coasts have changed n the last two years ? 
  nor only saint . 
  patron saint of spain, 
   you live in the society which that person is going to be released in , and maybe deal with the probable results . 
  so do you . 
  or have you forgotten that life sentences are a minority of all sentences , even in murder cases ? 
  you will have to live in a society where a known killer was tortured until he lost his mind , then released . 
  the state of israel captured nazis ( some may argue that they kidnapped them , this is another discussion ) , and tried them in a court of law . 
  they did not send them and their families to the gas chambers . 
  he was never caught . 
  i am sure he will snap and revert to his old habits any day now . 
  spain does not recognize , and has never recognized , gibraltar territorial waters , because the treaty of utrecht did not grant britain the right to territorial waters . 
  now that i read this , i literally can not remember the last time i heard an elvis song in the radio ... 
  every time we drink a sip of wine with gaseosa , deep down in our souls we feel the anguish of a frenchman that has suddenly felt the need to scream in agony . 
  it 's a very nice feeling . 
  ( we have tried for generations to repeat this with englishmen , but so far all data points that to do it we would need to drink * tea * and the research suddenly halts there ), 
  the only reason you have insults as an inheritance is because you left the empire . 
  if you had stayed with us , we ... ok , we 'd still get insulted by the english , but at least you would get the insults first-hand . 
  the ships were build in parts in france , mainly in saint nazaire , lorient and brest , and then were assembled in brest . 
  lisbon is a city that has already been destroyed once by a tsunami , do you people want to risk a repeat when spain is so close ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  that 's the whole point of a corporation : it 's a purely legal entity that can act like a person in some matters , but does not have the same duties or liabilities ( also , rights ) as a person . 
  some of them are , true , but many copyright holders - and certainly a great majority of the ones who use international takedown orders - are corporations . 
  it is 8,333 $ per month . 
  while it is more than most of us earn in half a year , for highly technical positions is not that ridiculous . 
  you said what i though when i read the titular ... 
  i would assume that among the hundreds of thousands of people in post-war vilna , a couple of them would remember that big temple in the middle of the city that was razed last year . 
  ireland , hungary and romania . 
  what the hell , you guys ? 
  stop being so damm lazy and add more words to your nations ' name , for god 's sake . 
  funny thing : four summers i spent in manchester ( well , the suburbs ) learning english in my teens . 
  every weekend they would take us to some british city to visit the monuments and catch culture or something : chester , liverpool , bath , some welsh coastal town i could not name ( or spell ) if my life depended on it ... 
  they never actually took us to visit manchester itself . 
  please , it 's very good , but they needed the americans to make pizza great . 
  * the americans * . 
  i can not imagine how they can stand the shame . 
  tourists like monuments . 
  right now , macedonia probably had far better places to spend the money , true , but they are not worthless . 
  your tourism industry will reap the benefits of those monuments for decades or even centuries . 
  the cops do not have to take you at your word . 
  they do n't know you , nor do they care about you personally . . you can not move over 10,000 $ across a border , unless you have a justification . 
  but it is * you * the one who has to provide a valid justification , not the cops . 
  snoop did have a pretty good justification ( `` imma filthy rich international artist , bitch '' ) , but did not bother to use it . 
  it was his choice , not the italian 's , who , literally , can not pick and choose which laws do they apply . 
  they have to apply all of them . 
  it 's a 2010 map . 
  they probably lumped the whole of 2010 ukraine , rather than the parts that were historically conquered by poland . 
  i sure do n't know what you are talking about . 
  we are n't bitter at all , and i 'm sure you 'll come to your senses any day now and re-join the empire . 
  no , it wo n't , because if the finns do not drain the lake to make new land , you guys in the netherlands will * never * let then forget it . 
  no one likes a smug dutchman . 
   ( that the church tended to get burned semi-regularly made the rebuilding necessary anyway . ), 
  it 's just being practical .
