are any of those people in jail ? 
  which non jihadists exactly ? 
  yes . 
  let 's investigate why we are arming muslim extremists like nouri al zinki , ahar al sham , and the other al qaeda affiliates . 
  but more importantly lets investigate this unicorn called the moderate rebel because as of right now it does n't exist . 
  the rebel groups in syria are either isis affiliates or al qaeda affiliates . 
  i would love someone to list just one moderate rebel group . 
  al zinki is the group, 
  hey but what 's important here is that a bunch of banks who took a known risk are made whole again at the expense of an entire generation of young people , who had absolutely nothing to do with the crisis . 
  that 23.2 % is for the population as a whole . 
  anybody care to guess what the youth unemployment rate is ? 
  it 's double that . 
  greek youth . 
  why do n't you reform yourselves a bit more , huh ? 
  i know you are sitting at your parents house , waiting months or years for a job prospect , and when it does appear , it 's at goody 's , where your electrical engineering degree gets put to good use lighting the griddle to cook hamburgers . 
  but please , try to reform yourselves anyways . 
  that way maybe 20 years from now , when only a fraction of that debt is repaid and the world has found another scapegoat for a global economic crisis , you might actually get a small haircut , if only you come on national tv and beg for it to satisfy the punishment lust of the north . 
  there are over 100 fighting groups currently in syria . 
  the largest rebel groups are al nusra or ahar al sham ( al qaeda ) and similar minded groups . 
  the moderate rebel is a lie . 
  you either have to choose islamists or an evil dictator . 
  there is literally no one else aside from the kurds who are treated like shit . 
  would you rather have head cutters and the people who support those who committed 9/11 and the paris shootings ? 
  radical islam can not be allowed to spread . 
  if that means propping up assad then so be it . 
  this is what 's going on in syria right now and we are backing the islamists . 
  they chop off heads just like isis . 
  as a matter of fact , a group given tow weapons by the us recently published a video of them cutting off the head of a teenage soldier begging for them to shoot him instead . 
  ( o ~ o ) thanks !, 
  sweden ? 
  i 'll go take a taxi 1 block to the market in rome , the capital of france , to buy pastries and go back to my air conditioned hotel room and watch my military bomb more brown people . 
  come get them, 
  followed by portugal , spain , italy , ireland , cyprus , until the only members left are the ones whose currency benefitted the most by the lack of currency competition , which would then render the project obsolete , since the whole point was to negate the high valued northern currencies at the expense of the southern neighbors . 
  you are the ones staring the recession dick in the face . 
  i 'd be careful who you labeled struggling . 
  need to design worms that eat it and poop out flowers . 
  what exactly is the difference between welfare and basic income ? 
  the best part is that the most vocal ez nations in favor of austerity for greece and portugal were in fact nations that had used stimulus to exit the financial crisis . 
  the eu is flaming pile of hypocrisy . 
  i was being serious . 
  we have the number one economy . 
  you europeans try to be too cute with your money . 
  just spend it and good things will happen . 
  permanent stimulus is the only way . 
  consuming based on debt is all we do over here . 
  i say double down . 
  use credit cards with airline miles . 
  this is why they need a stimulus loan . 
  people will say , `` another loan !?! '', 
  but it is the only way to kickstart their economy to prevent complete default . 
  an 8 to 10 billion euro loan with no interest to be paid back first . 
  it 's the only way . 
  they should be, 
  no that 's your dessert . 
  this is the reason you have bidets in your bathrooms . 
  it 's to wash the stench from your mouths . 
  fair enough . 
  but you do n't have indians in central italy . 
  where will you find indians ? 
  you need indians for a western ... 
  the great thing about this quote is that when we inevitably invade india , it can be reused as is . 
  y' all do n't even have a wild west . 
  how can you have westerns ? 
  first of all , it 's civilized . 
  secondly , there is no john wayne of europe and there never will be . 
  this is a dunkin' donuts invented and designed chocolate croissant . 
  2000 years ago this survey would have had rome as the top answer . 
  we are the new roman empire . 
  lend-lease bill . 
  we started supplying arms as early as 1940 . 
  mostly russians ? 
  you realize there were two fronts right ? 
  both sides ended up in berlin at the same time . 
  perhaps your russian textbooks did n't cover that . 
  those glorious castles did n't save you in wwii . 
  we did that . 
  and y' all thought varoufakis was difficult to deal with . 
  get a load of the new sheriff in town . 
  they 've been under a watchful eye for nearly a decade . 
  every financial move they make is under intense scrutiny . 
  you do n't think they are aware of that ? 
  their gdp was halved if not more . 
  there 's only so much you can cut before it becomes paradoxical . 
  the only reason greece is currently at 60 % is because their gdp fell off a cliff in the last few years . 
  there has n't been an increase in spending , only the percentage has increased , probably while actually decreasing spending . 
  schaeuble is eying his next bribery scandal . 
  how can you take a man seriously who threatens a different nation every day ? 
  he is in power because of nationalists and islamists who have sold the turkish constitution for a bit of bravado . 
  you want to blame outsiders for the internal rotting of your country ? 
  erdogan has reached north korean levels of credibility . 
  sure , we take them seriously because they have nukes , but only because of that . 
  nobody takes them seriously on a diplomatic level and that is the direction erdogan is taking your country . 
  lol : http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/690106/turkey-threatens-war-america-cleric-gulen-military-coup, 
  like a little chihuahua that barks all day long . 
  yip yip yip , yip yip yip , yip yip yip . 
  nobody is afraid of you , tayyip , not the greeks , not the cypriots , not merkel , not us , not the kurds , not even isis is afraid of you , as they are quite clearly fisting your toy soldiers near al-bab . 
  eventually somebody is going to come along and put a boot up that ass and the little chihuahua will never bark again . 
  crete is the texas of greece . 
  i know . 
  does n't he understand that there are americans here ?
