   because they are n't allowed to due to war restrictions still ? 
  from ww2 ? 
  quoting / u/katamorphism  it 's sildenafil , the fake part refers to branding and lack of permits viagra is a brand name for sildenafil owned by pfizer . 
  so this raid mostly helped already super rich and powerful entities . 
  really ? 
  would someone please explain to me what 's controversial about this post in an objective manner . 
  usually the most important part of it , though . 
  we 're not freeloading . 
  we exchange information more or less freely with nato , and conduct military exercises with nato all the time . 
  big and small . 
  we also do stuff like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gotland-class_submarine#secondment_to_united_states_navy `` sweden is one of five countries ( known as ` enhanced opportunities partners ' ) that make ** particularly significant contributions to nato operations and other alliance objectives . 
  ** as such , the country has enhanced opportunities for dialogue and cooperation with the allies . '', 
  you 're so far from defenseless it 's silly . 
  so fucking tired of reading comments like yours in every thread regarding israel and palestine on here ( whole reddit ) . 
  you 're pathetic . 
  a bit , yes . 
  most of central and south america is an absolute shithole , and on the other side of the world . 
  you get by with german in germany , austria , and most parts of switzerland , plus some parts of belgium . 
  we also have something called the european union , making working and living in another member state much simpler than moving to south or central america . 
  you think you 'd ever move to south america for a job ? 
  rather than germany ? 
  it 's stupid that so many europeans think learning spanish is more useful than german . 
  spanish would be helpful in spain , which is in a sorry economic state compared to germany , austria , and switzerland where german would be helpful . 
  spain also has a population of 46 million , and just counting the population of germany and austria , we get 90 million . 
  edit : hurr durr , spanish has so many more speakers worldwide . 
  you could move to south america for work !, 
  i could also learn fucking mandarin , or indian , or arabic . 
  does n't make them more useful to me than german . 
  we are in a union with germany as well . 
  edit 2 : gdp ( ppp ) of germany and austria is $ 4,2 trillion while he gdp of spain is 1,4 . 
  adding switzerland would be another 500 billion for the german-speaking group . 
  but large parts of the swiss economy is french , so adding that would be misleading . 
  he only knows that because he has a fascination for mountains since he 's never seen one in real life . 
  on her instagram she actually explained . 
  he walked around selling papers and would use the papers as physical cover as he went for peoples pockets . 
  will somebody please think of the children ? 
  no , you should learn to judge what was said , instead of who said it . 
  polar bears are very dangerous . 
  it was probably right to shoot it . 
  carrying a gun for protection against polar bears is mandatory on svalbard . 
  and yes , they are good swimmers . 
  i 'll have you know that skiing is probably the only thing norwegians are really good at . 
  let them have that at least . 
  russia does n't have a lot of money , but you 're gravely mistaken if you think they do n't have extremely powerful weapons . 
  but we took in more than twice as many as germany per capita . 
  by some . 
  while the rest is ashamed of that fact . 
  currently listening to dan carlin 's blueprint for armageddon . 
  the british suffered 60 000 casualties in the first day of the somme . 
  what a fucking slaughter that war was . 
  scandinavian bacon . 
  generous pieces . 
  press freedom means that journalists are allowed to write what they want . 
  our journalists censor themselves . 
  or [ abb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abb_group ) , 
  suck it , finland . 
  it 's like that pretty much every time i stumble upon tall people mentioning their height on here . 
  might be a combination of general whining , and exaggeration for attention . 
  the only complaint i have is that buying ( especially finding ) clothes sucks . 
  i did !, 
   i just could n't * not * link that video to a frenchman who probably likes the movie . 
  how about this ? 
  * play it , sam . 
  you can be proud of your heritage and country without being a nationalist . . 
  i just do n't agree with you . 
  and i never said , or even implied , that it was a radical vocal minority that lead to the failures of either sweden or poland . 
  i 'm just saying that moderate people vote for a party for several reasons . 
  there are swedes who voted for the current government who do n't agree with the immigration policies of said government , and there are poles who voted for the current government who do n't agree with the foreign policy of said government . 
  and then there 's all those swedes and poles who did n't even vote for their current governments . 
  so tired of this argument . 
  yes , they might 've voted for the current government , but do n't act like you know * why * they did so . 
  not every swede voted for the current government because they wanted the current immigration policies , either . 
  anyone with half a brain has several reasons as to why they choose one party over another . 
  and regardless of which party wins , there 's always a big percentage of the country who * did n't * vote for them . 
  i know some of these words . 
  there 's no way china is more corrupt than ukraine . 
  man the boats !, 
  yeah , i agree . 
  it just seemed like you intentionally disregarded the fact that he used ambiguous language in the first place . 
  he clearly never stated for a fact that finland has a standing army the size of germany . 
  he was probably just thinking out loud in text form . 
   i think finland * can * get that many edit : another way to say the same thing is `` i think finland would be able to get that many '' . 
  i hope that clears it up for you . 
  this made me very emotional . 
  feeling both sadness and hopefulness . 
  it pleases me that your pancakes look like our pancakes . 
  no baking soda like the do it in america . 
  european union !, 
  the only thing true is that if one is a hooligan , it 's not much of a stretch to assume he 's a violent moron . 
  hahaha , i did n't even mentally take note of the mustache . 
  we are definitely not at the top . 
  countries like poland ( and some other former eastern bloc states ) , korea , japan , are far more homogeneous than sweden . 
  no , i said we 're far from one of the most homogeneous countries . 
  i never said we 're diverse . 
  i 'm well aware that the u.s. is far , far more diverse . 
  the one star says `` br\u00e5-rapport 1996:2 & 2005:17 '' . 
  this is br\u00e5 : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_national_council_for_crime_prevention i admit to not knowing what they mean with the three stars , which is `` amount of crimes if immigrants were not overrepresented in crime '' , because the pink part is almost half of the light blue ( 650 vs 1450 ) , and immigrants account for far less than half of the swedish population . 
  to me that 's still an over-representation . 
  maybe younger people commit far more rape , and our immigrant population should be much younger than the national average . 
  no , immigrants do increase crime .
