  i have used cash probably about once per year since i turned 18 . 
  it would numb your mouth and throat if it contained any good amount of cocaine . 
  so yes , likely very low concentration aka imperceptible . 
  which can be said for probably in the realm of 90 % of all laws . 
  i 'm telling this one on christmas tomorrow . 
  you can trust the finns to be the most savage in our nordic family . 
  yeah , we only did this when me and my cousins were kids and we celebrated christmas on holm\u00f6n ( which has 75 year-round inhabitants ) . 
  we did n't do it when we celebrated christmas in the city . 
  but i 'm totally going to make it a tradition even here in the city . 
  i 'm putting out porridge for the gnomes tomorrow night . 
  i suggest you do the same !, 
  think of the gnomes . 
  god jul k\u00e4re norska broder . 
  yes , there are certainly ( too many ) people like that . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  i saw what i expected ; not what i * wanted * to see . 
  i believe most would have preferred to know the truth about what he actually meant , because most people prefer good news over bad news . 
  at least that 's what i hope . 
  now , i have no proof of this , but it 's my feeling that the anti-nuclear nutheads are losing numbers and influence every day . 
  more and more people know just how clean and safe nuclear power is . 
  when i was little , we used to put out i think it was porridge , on the porch on christmas . 
  i do n't remember who the food was for ( edit : maybe some sort of gnomes ) , but i think it was bad not to leave them any . 
  i do n't think they were nice . 
  i wan na say them , i 'll ask my mom later for the specifics . 
  this was a tradition on my moms side , they 're from v\u00e4sterbotten , holm\u00f6n specifically . 
  we also always have a [ julbock ] ( http://www.strawshoppe.com/images/product-images/85012-medium.jpg ) . 
  i 'm not telling you . 
  the anti-nuclear movement is the kind of movement that sometimes gives me the urge to put a bullet to my head and fucking end it . 
  probably because you do n't have as ~ ~ rapid ~ ~ rabid and influential anti-nuclear movements as we do . 
  the anti-nuclear movement in both germany and sweden has been plenty strong since like , the 60 's . . 
  probably up there with the most ignorant and destructive opinions there are . 
  no country in europe would need coal for energy if we had more nuclear power plants . 
  at least sweden has hydro . 
  no , we 're talking about celebrities getting paid to show up at politicians ' parties . 
  which reeks of corruption and a complete lack of common sense . 
  a western politician doing that would be ostracized . 
  how what celebrities are payed to show up at private peoples and private institutions parties is not relevant in the least . 
  we live in a capitalistic society for christ 's sake , of course it 's ok for them to charge as much as they can for their appearances . 
  this need top be at the top . 
  the title made it sound like he meant something wholly different . 
  there are two railways a motorway . 
  19 500 vehicles and 29 000 passengers by train pass the bridge daily . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  what does this have to with political leaders paying celebrities to show up at their parties ? 
  common sense . 
  while they were prime minister and president ? 
  who gives a shit what they do afterwards . 
   in response to reporters ' queries , swank last week issued a statement similar to carey 's : `` i deeply regret attending this event . 
  if i had a full understanding of what this event was apparently intended to be , i would never have gone . 
  i wonder if they are this ignorant . 
  do they think it 's normal for political leaders to pay enormous sums of money for them to attend their private parties ? 
  decent political leaders do n't do this . 
  in the vast majority of cases they would n't even afford it . 
  i 'm sure most soldiers could carry a 100 kg person with no problems . 
  hell , i remember my skinny 15 year old friend carrying me up two flights of stairs for fun . 
  i weighed around 100 then . 
  he weighed at the most 60 . 
  granted , i was conscious so i rode on his back . 
  it 's not like he carried me on his shoulders . 
  consider myself . 
  able bodied men my height will weigh * at least * around 100 kg . 
  i know i 'm an outlier , but that does n't really matter in a life and death situation . 
  and there 's plenty of shorter but more muscular men who weigh just as much . 
  now i 'm sure every woman worth her salt would make damn sure she 's strong enough to carry every other person in her combat unit , but she 'd have to work hard . 
  for a hamburger chain max is pretty good . 
  way better than mcd . 
  i once heard an american tourist shout out `` now this is how you make a hamburger ! '', 
  at max . 
  both loud as fuck and loving hamburgers . 
  ;d really weird . 
  they 're definitely not that good . 
  a real restaurant burger in the states is probably leagues better . 
  imma put cocaine in his ass !, 
  or maybe not . 
  cocaine 's a treat . 
  i 'll take it !, 
  i 'm white too , so if i lived in the u.s. 
  i could call myself irish . 
  adding to the already hundreds of millions of whites there . 
  for real though , there 's only 190 million whites in the u.s. in total , and they are of european descent , not irish . 
  oh , i ok , that makes sense . 
  do n't know why i did n't even consider that that 's what you meant . 
  how can this blatantly incorrect comment just get a bunch of lazy upvotes ? 
  edit : my bad , he was talking about population size . 
  but i 'll still leave this here , does n't hurt nobody  ireland : 70k km2 estonia : 45k km2 latvia : 64k km2 lithuania : 65k km2 the baltics are 174k km2 combined . 
  your own country is as big as ireland . 
  if you want to add northern ireland , that another whopping 14k km2 . 
  hundreds of millions ? 
  are you sure ? 
  one million irish emigrated during the famine ; i doubt they reproduce that well . 
  and there 's only eight million living in ireland and ni combined . 
  polandball grammar is fucking aids . 
  but i actually looked up the swedish translation for `` clay '' and it had `` ground '' in parenthesis as an `` aged/outdated '' definition . 
  http://tyda.se/search/jord?lang%5b0%5d=en&amp;lang%5b1%5d=sv [ \u00c5lderdomlig ] means [ outdated/old ], 
  now i feel bad for not even reading all of it :d . i 'm not a fan of polandball grammar . 
  it 's aids . 
   so the joke is that swedish soil is russian soil , just like crimea is russian soil . 
  what i meant by that is that russia may as well take any country 's soil and say `` this is our soil now '' . 
  i understood the joke , but you did n't understand my explanation that i did . 
  that 's because 5 % died .
