  erewhon1984 was probably talking about british mass produced cars , who are shit . 
  well , no one wants that . 
  it 's a good thing making sure that policymakers knows what 's good and what 's bad for respective groups . 
  if they get all get their voices heard fairly then i think it 's a good thing . 
  policymakers should listen to the market . 
  shadowbanning is fucked . 
  as long as they are n't linking cp or viruses , in which case they should just be outright banned . 
  well , that 's because it 's the army that is withdrawing . 
  the navy and air force is staying . 
  we also use `` analfabet '' . 
  to extend on this , life imprisonment has no time limit here . 
  it can be for life under the right ( wrong ) circumstances . 
  great . 
  just please pick `` no opinion '' if you do n't know much about what they 're asking , or do some digging before answering . 
  the brackish waters of the baltic sea are excellent for this type of thing . 
  that app just a novel thing for fun , though . 
  that 's like having a dick bigger than the north korean average . 
  maybe . 
  i meant tiny regarding population size . 
  estonia is a tiny country , and not very wealthy . 
  if i was interacting with a dane i would feel swedish . 
  if we interacted with a french person , we would feel scandinavian . 
  if we ( now with the french person ) were interacting with an american we would feel european . 
  if we ( now with the american ) were interacting with a chinese person we would feel western . 
  etc , 
  good on you , 
  how early ? 
  i heard the 40s were a bad time to have open borders in europe . 
  the nordic countries has had completely open borders inbetween themselves since the 50s . 
  it 's great . 
  islam is not a race . 
  that would make sense if it actually was icky , but it is n't . 
  however , squatting over toilets made for sitting tend to make them icky . 
  some people are so incredibly stupid . 
  yep : /, 
  posting what a commenter on the article said :  raunak gera \u00b7 works at codeforward  it 's funny because if you read this article they link to a research paper at the bottom , at which point you start to notice how bogus the article is . 
   firstly , the research paper is actually not by `` the un '' - it is a projection by american researchers affiliated with the un . 
  the un does not make projections on hdi data . 
   secondly , the premise of the paper is that the un projects that sweden will become a third world country by 2030 . 
  this is kind of funny , considering that the un has officially stopped using the `` first world , second world , third world '' classifications . 
  those terms were created by americans during the cold war and are basically relics . 
   moreover , the paper that the article cites is also bogus . 
  if you read that research paper and look at the data , it projects that sweden will still have an hdi of 0.907 , which is , by all measures , well within the classification of first world . 
  but if you look at the numbers , you start to notice a few more anomalies ; most notably , that they 're all wrong ( in fact , the paper 's projected hdi of 0.907 for sweden is nearly the same as the us 's actual hdi in 2010 of 0.909 ) . 
   below is a link to the un hdr website , and below that is a link to the 2015 unhdr report . 
  if you look at page 212 , and compare that to the paper cited , you will notice the flaws . 
  firstly , the numbers for 2010 that the paper cites are all inaccurate , so clearly it does n't have very much of a predictive basis for its math if the base figures are incorrect to begin with . 
  hilariously , the predictions are also wildly inaccurate accurate . 
  the article stated that sweden will fall from 15th place to 25th by 2015 . 
  well , it 's 2015 and sweden is 12th . 
  so there . 
   but also , the factual inaccuracies miss a larger point - sweden is one of the only european countries cited in the paper that has its hdi decrease significantly . 
  the other countries - which all have `` leftist '' policies as well do perfectly fine . 
  i think this article , and this website as a whole , are largely misinformed . 
   http://hdr.undp.org/en/2015-report/download  http://hdr.undp.org/.../2015_human_development_report_1.pdf sweden becoming a third world country in 14 years time is ludicrous . 
  pfft , show me that source . 
  i doubt there is one . 
  maybe it 's older , i dunno , but it 's still very much in use . 
  h.m. the king is `` h.m. konung '' . 
  norway , denmark , finland . 
  forever . 
  what a fucking edgelord . 
  it 's very shallow , average depth is 55 m . a comparable sea would be the mediterranean with an average depth of 1 500 m. 
  yea , schumacher means `` shoe maker '' . 
  it 's similar in swedish/the scandinavian languages : `` skomakare '' . 
  that 's fucking bullshit . 
  suspected means jack shit . 
  well , shoe maker is practically a completely ~ ~ dead ~ ~ obsolete profession . 
  edit : making a joke about michael was not my intention . 
  that 's true , i meant more like `` manipulating votes '' - kind of undemocratic . 
  most politicians and parties do the best they can to `` control media and oppress opposition and critics '' . 
  there are a lot of independent and trustworthy sources that say the exact same thing . 
  they really do like him . 
  did you see the graph and every graph like it ? 
  the russian populace love putin . 
  he does n't need to cheat . 
  is n't that pretty much definitely done through less than democratic measures ? 
  i meant currently , not 1947 . 
  but i was n't talking about that . 
  our whole conversation started with me linking to another guy saying this was within area c of the oslo accord which is under full israeli jurisdiction and control . 
  i guess you misunderstood me . 
  i was n't saying that illegally occupied land was technically israeli land which it definitely is not . 
  i thought i made myself extremely clear on that . 
  do you really not understand me ? 
  if it 's written down and accepted by the un then it 's technically israeli land . 
  can you not grasp this ? 
  i 'm not taking a stand if it 's legitimate or not , i 'm just saying what 's technically correct . 
  in the eyes of international law it 's technically israeli land . 
  i 'm not taking a stand on it 's legitimacy here , i 'm just saying that if it 's within israel 's borders then it 's technically israeli land . 
  pretty sure that 's how technicalities work . 
  thanks . 
  too bad i ca n't find out where these villages are located because they are so small . 
  oh , you 're one of those . 
  if all of it technically was palestinian land then there should have been a palestinian state there . 
  edit : you can claim ( correctly or incorrectly ) it to be morally or religiously or historically or what ever the fuck palestinian land , but if it 's within israel 's borders then it 's nothing but technically israeli land . 
  it 's really amazing when you get such downvotes from simply stating facts . 
  i 'm not even taking sides . 
  you people are fucking pathetic . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  not disputing you or anything , i just want to read up on it .
