`` it 's too cold and boring '' it 's not even `` chilly '' yet if you ask finnish people ... just wait for winter . 
  this would be impossible in finland for example because you need to clear 2 or more `` safety classes '' before you can legally work on pretty much any job here . 
  i graduated from professions school in 2008 as a truck driver/logistics worker ( 3 year school ) and the moment i got my papers that said i had education for this work i still needed work safety education , road safety education , drivers profession card and digital card that tracks your driving times/rest times . 
  all that is combined to almost 2 years of extra schooling and close to 1000 euros . 
  it would be impossible for any non finnish speaker to even get to the classes that are needed for all these `` safety cards '' . 
  i feel patriotic . 
  the sisu is strong in this one . 
  that 's because most of them know that they can throw away their id cards and say they are from syria to have better chance for thumbs up from the eu . 
  there has already been multiple news stories about disgarded id cards on the turkish border . 
  apparently i am ghandi . 
  `` which is good since my brain power is quite low this time a day and i trust my muscle memory to get us home '' fucking legend . 
  i 'm more flipflops or boots kind of guy my self ... if it 's warm ( summer ) and i 'm not working = flipflops , if it 's cold or i 'm working = boots . 
  my flipflops are adidas actually  boots are made in finland by sievi . 
  it seem like the selling price is the problem not the fact that people are paid 23p an hour to make them . 
  i do n't see anyone whining about the price of expensive stuff that is made using child labour ( nike for example ) . 
  we might be called deaf but our eyes and guns work just fine  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ce/305_52_o2_kuivasaari_2009-08-02.jpg, 
  once again i give you proof how religious people ca n't handle the truth . 
  come at me . 
  religion is stupid . 
  if you see one with people on it you should just go buy few cases of beer and ask them if you can join they will most likely say yes . 
  i do n't get it ... 
  that 's true but it 's mostly because finnish people value well made things and usually finnish products are well made . 
  i like how you just totally changed my sentence by removing the `` i 'm pretty sure '' part . 
  i never said `` all finnish people are patriotic and super nationalist '' but most finnish people that i have met are very patriotic , proud of their homeland and heritage . 
  if you are n't good for you but do n't come here and try to put words in my mouth . 
  i 'm pretty sure i can talk for most finnish people ... we are very patriotic . 
  flags are for flag days ( independence day etc. ), 
  or if someone died ( half mast ) . 
  reminds me of norway , 
  well `` the land of 187 888 lakes + few million ponds '' does n't really sound as good . 
  did i mention that this is also the distance that most fins can throw their puukko accurately ? 
  in domestic situations that might not be enough ... at least if the girls father is still alive and kicking . 
  op lives about 619.87 km away from me so he is just about 10 meters safe from invading my personal space . 
  you do know that they make tv shows about teen pregnancy in america ? 
  this pretty much sums up finnish politics let others do it first to find out if its a bad idea ... if not copy them . 
  i just hope they used the same thinking process with this immigrant thing or just look at sweden and say fuck that . 
  naval base ? 
  for all the 10 little row boats with cracked hulls we call `` fast attack crafts '' and `` minelayers '' :d edit : it 's actually 25 row boats i just checked . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  come check out these sweet new winter tires i just bought !, 
  not if the cops have something to do with it :d, 
  i like how some of the `` asylum seekers '' in finland are whining that it 's too cold ... really ? 
  it 's cold in finland ? 
  who would have guessed . 
  i 'm just waiting for winter when they finally realize that hell is n't that warm after all . 
  i totally agree with being neutral . 
  i was simply stating one of the reasons why it would be very unwise for russia to invade finland , like you said they really have nothing to gain by invading finland it would just create a huge problem for them . 
  i do n't think russia wants to try and occupy a country with over 900,000 males age 16 -- 49 , whom 80 % have conscript training and are very much willing to defend their country . 
  do n't get me wrong they most likely could occupy finland but it would n't be quick or easy . 
  i remember my parents watching the news and my mom being shocked , we use to go on holiday trips to sweden and \u00c5land islands but after estonia sank we started going to lapland instead . 
  i was 5 when estonia sank . 
  lumi is also a girls name in finland so yeah that could get a bit confusing :d, 
  it 's not too bad once you get use to it , kind of peaceful actually . 
  worst part is the fact that you only have day light during working hours . 
  reminds me of something similar we say every summer , then again we say the complete opposite each winter . 
  do n't worry most schools in finland still look like prisons . 
  i do n't even drink tea and i know better than that o.o, 
  this exactly ... we do a lot of things well but have no idea how to sell them to the world . 
  i guess its just a stereotype that all finns are always drunk and knifefighting :d, 
  yeah that 's why it would be awesome if they managed to gift it to us , it 's not a big deal for them but to us it 's huge :d, 
  they are considering moving the border between norway and finland because the highest point in finland is halti at 1,324 meters but the summit of halti at 1,365 meters is 40 meters on the side of norway . 
  pretty sure the word `` old '' is the only thing people can agree on when talking about classic cars , everyone has their own ideas on what is a classic car . 
  for some it might be an old rally car , for others it might be the car their family had when they were kids . 
  more like `` will this be enough for the trip home ? '', 
  we do n't talk very much we usually just growl at each other if we want to communicate . 
  i do n't think we have that many words for `` getting wasted '' but we do have a lot of words for being wasted, 
  lynxes seem pretty chill too i saw one in a field next to my moms childhood home ... it was just standing and watching me about 50 meters away for few minutes and then vanished into the forest . 
  ( my uncle has a pile of grain on the field every winter so deer and other animals can eat it , maybe it 's a prime hunting spot for lynxes ? ), 
  the second one i saw was laying on the side of a forest road , i thought it was injured at first but i saw no blood and it did n't look distressed in any way , i drove past it about 2 meters away very slowly and it did n't move at all just watched the car go past . 
  ( i came back the same way about 20 minutes later and it was gone ), 
  i live in southern finland about 50km north of helsinki, 
  i have seen more lynxes than any other big wild animal in finland . 
  last time i saw a moose was like 5 + years ago and i have never seen a bear or a wolf in the wild but i saw 2 lynxes this winter . 
  i actually did n't even know rugby balls are white , learned something new today . 
  yeah they look similar but we are talking about ireland here so it 's most likely a rugby ball . 
  i ca n't even imagine how much weed they were smoking if they thought they could ban anything sauna related , and even if they somehow managed to do that there would still be millions of saunas in finland because no one would give a shit . 
  i do n't care what people prefer to be just do your job and do n't push your shit to other people , other than that i 'm cool with it . 
  i had no idea that the gulf of bothnia is actually just 2 lakes . 
  never underestimate stupidity . 
  it 's funny how similar places look , i thought it was hietalahti , helsinki at first . 
  god ? 
  if you are talking about the bears i 'm happy that i have n't ran into one by accident . 
  finland * yeah we got a lot of lynxes , i might be just lucky since i have seen 3 of them in the past 2 winters or maybe they just do n't care about people . 
  on the other hand we also have around 2000 bears and i have never seen one . 
  the lakes in finland are usually +20 c during summer and it feels warm to us , a lot of people also swim during winter by cutting holes in the ice . 
  oh i 'm sorry that was a typo , i meant i threw 2 buckets of water to the stove in the sauna and drowned my self in beer . 
  he 's just drunk , `` should '' be fine tomorrow . 
  it 's not too bad if you get some repellent , black flies and deer flies are a whole different things but lets not talk about those . 
  i remember moving grass back in the day when it was +34 c here in finland , pretty sure i drank like 2 buckets of water within 2 hours . 
  funny thing is that few winters back we had weeks of -32 c weather and it was n't even that bad . 
  yeah that 's basically the norm in any european country i think , i use to work in construction and most workers carry a mora on their belt all day even during lunch and no one gives a shit . 
  well to answer that question again ... since we have n't joined nato . 
  i 'm not saying everything in this country is perfect , the topic was nato so do n't try to drag the subject into something else because you disagree with what i wrote . 
  majority of the population is against joining nato , so what you describe as `` politicians have no guts '' is what most people call democracy . 
  well 34 % of our population is 55 or older so that might have something to do with it , 20 % of those are 65 or older . 
  sounds about right . 
  i do n't really understand either , it 's just something that we have always done in our culture i guess . 
  most people are a bit more relaxed with drinking when they get older but there is always few people that go totally overboard . 
  i also noticed that a lot of your `` friends '' are basically just your drinking buddies , i stopped drinking about 5 years back and most of my friends just drifted away because that is the only thing connecting us . 
  that starts to change a bit when you get older , there really is no tomorrow because you spend the next day contemplating if it is safe to order some food or just keep hugging the toilet .
