it was always burning since the world 's been turning . 
   it still seems like one of the worse cuts they could have made it 's a good thing `` they '' did n't , because / u/osbourne _ made that up , as i 've written [ elsewhere ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2hoyb9/german_defense_minister_said_her_country_is/ckurkod?context=1 ) :  [ german defense spending has slightly but steadily increased every year during the last four years ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/verteidigungsetat#deutschland ) , i.e. 
  the time period concerning eu bailouts . 
  [ german defense spending has slightly but steadily increased every year during the last four years ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/verteidigungsetat#deutschland ) , i.e. 
  the time period concerning eu bailouts . 
  your suggestion that the bundeswehr is underfunded because of the bailouts is evidently wrong . 
  it 's rather that the bundeswehr has been underfunded for much longer . 
  why ? 
  because that attention whore insulted an entire country 's population ? 
  to be fair , it 's not saying much relative to the overall quality of your post , but this  fuck it print money devalue the euro is just too stupid even for someone as uninformed as you are ( or pretend to be ) . 
  the ecb is the one pushing for inflation , germany is actually the one obstacle to that , because they 're historically unreasonably scared of inflation . 
  which several eu politicians and member states have criticized for , and which anyone even remotely following the news should know . 
   ~ ~ work ~ ~ vacation, 
  the good thing is that it keeps the hen and stag parties and weed tourists contained . 
  but it 's really worth to venture outside the red light/main tourist streets district . 
  the rest of the center and many of the other districts bordering it are beautiful . 
  lots of nice architecture , great food and drinks , and a variety of museums . 
  even the coffeeshops are nicer . 
  he 's clearly referencing the allies appeasement strategy prior to the war . 
  that seems a bit overboard for a small joke at the iron lady 's expense . 
  thanks for the tea . 
  now i want my money back , and some more tea and biscuits to go with it . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  germany has a plethora of wine regions , all of which produce quite different whites and reds . 
  tastes differ of course , but germany certainly produces some great wines that can hold up internationally , and afaik especially german white wines are popular abroad . 
  i 'm sorry for whatever unfortunate cardoard packaged accident was served to you , and i encourage you to try out some of our dornfelder , riesling , wei\u00df - , grau - or sp\u00e4tburgunder . 
  you really think it 's most important for op to not be hassled in his situation ? 
  the real issue here is that he or she needs to inform the authorities if this is true , in case that idiot comes back to britain . 
  oops , did n't check the user name of the original comment . 
  maybe it 's about shots fired at mentally ill people , not killed . 
  i do n't recall anything like this at all from the news . 
  if you remember where you heard/read about it , i 'd be interested to learn more about this . 
  there is ? 
  they only killed [ between 6 and 8 people per year between 2009 and 2012 ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/waffengebrauch_der_polizei_in_deutschland#statistik ) . 
  how is there even room for a pattern of unjustified killings of mentally ill people with such small numbers ? 
  i downvoted you because your comment has little to do with this situation ( as / u/vinnl has already pointed out ) and is quite misleading imo . 
  the two journalists were most definitely arrested : they were handcuffed and brought to prison/jail . 
  an arrest has nothing to do with a conviction . 
  if the two are to be believed , they were arrested after being told to not stop on an `` almost empty '' road , with which they complied . 
   ca n't say i ever saw germany as superstitious or science hating . 
  well , that was a deliberate exaggeration because of the ( to me ) simplistic positions on a complex issue . 
  it 's quite funny that whenever i read about german energy policy on reddit , it 's framed as if we 'll be financially doomed for all eternity . 
  while the concensus in the country seems to be the opposite , but just as hyperbolic : that germany 's leading the world to a bright future of clean power . 
  we 're a bunch of superstitious , science-hating morons for subsidising solar energy and shutting down nuclear reactors , but everyone should mimic our economic policies . 
  also nazi jokes . 
  so many nazi jokes . 
  i do n't care about the puns , but often enough people casually joke about the industrialized murder of several million people like they 're not aware that it actually happened . 
  so what ? 
  people may consider parts of the post relevant , without agreeing with your biased narrative about sweden during ww2 , as all the replies to your comment suggest . 
  they may even upvote it because they deem it worth discussing . 
  upvotes are not expressions of agreement . 
   when the rest of europe were struggling either fighting or resisting the nazis , sweden were making big profits selling goods to them . 
  unlike denmark , which fought germany for two entire hours before capitulation . 
  i think the king and government made the right call there , keeping their population safe . 
  do n't you ? 
  fun fact : more danes were killed as volunteers in the german army than by the germans . 
  while sweden provided a safe haven for refugees and resistant fighters from its neighboring countries . 
  that , of course , is an equally simplistic representation of history as your comment , because it ignores much else , like the exceptional rescue of the danish jews . 
  do n't get me wrong , until there 's a nl-de match i 'm rooting for oranje . 
  especially with the beautiful football they 've been playing lately . 
  and red for getting attacked afterwards . 
  to be fair , i think at this point the ref just tried to get things under control . 
  the rivalry was much fiercer back then . 
  hey hey hey ... 
   i 'm already drooling [ so are the dutch . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/5vfirzswjke ), 
  the first galactic empire . 
  while i agree with you , it sounds as if this is a giant straw man by some british politicians . 
  no one said this celebration should be about the eu , but suddenly someone announces to the press that they do n't want france to do exactly that ( while apparently not wanting their name associated with it ) . 
  trying to score some cheap points at home by addressing the eu 's alleged secret propaganda agenda , i guess . 
   franco/prussian ( german ) rivalry ceased to be thing with the conclusion of the franco-prussian war not at all . 
  it continued to be a history of petty one-upmanship . 
  prussia proclaimed the german empire in versailles ' hall of mirrors , just to insult them ( [ see this lovely painting ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-prussian_war#mediaviewer/file:wernerprokla.jpg ) ) . 
  france then made germany sign the versailles treaty in the same room . 
  similarly , france and the german empire negotiated their original armistice in wwi in a [ dining wagon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compi%c3%a8gne_wagon ) . 
  when france surrendered to germany in 1940 , hitler had the same wagon taken back to the same place and made the french sign the armistice there . 
  the harshness of the versailles treaty is also partly a result of the french-german enmity , as is france 's wish for similarly harsh conditions after wwii ( although that was probably thought of as more of a safety measure ) . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get plenty of that . 
  and france and the uk are eu members . 
  in uk politics , lowering european integration and secession from the eu are a constant hot topic , much like secession from the uk is a political issue in scotland . 
  hence my comparison . 
  of course these are not the same thing , but it 's still more accurate than the original comparison , especially considering that the unidentified british politician brought up alex salmond . 
   `` the way the french brought out the eu flag during the d-day ceremony was like alex salmond waving the scottish flag at wimbledon , '' said a senior government source involved in planning for the centenary . 
  no , it 's like flying a union jack in scotland , thereby pushing london 's political agenda on the scottish . 
  / s seriously , wimbledon is like a memorial to wwi ? 
  a war started by precisely the kind of conflicts that the eu has managed to overcome ? 
  in germany , however , a large number of prostitutes are victims of human trafficking , often underage girls more or less sold into slavery by their families . 
  people happily selling sex for money , according to all statistics ( both governmental and by ngos ) , are a tiny minority . 
  so not all is rosy here . 
  i 'm german and basically never on time . 
  i do feel some tragic historical guilt for it , though , it 's a shitty habit . 
  also have n't dug a hole at a dutch beach , but i really want to . 
  not true at all . 
  as you can see in [ this table ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan#expenditures ) , only the uk and france received more financial aid than germany . 
  germany did in fact get more money than all other european countries except these two , because the grants were partly dependent on population size . 
  as for your second part , afaik the role of erhard 's reforms is debated by historians , with everything i 've learned and read on the topic indicating that this role was highly overestimated . 
  after all , there was an economic upswing in all countries that pursued western integration . 
  this is due to the marshall plan and international trade , many young people coming to the job market ( those too young to be soldiers during the war ) , and the allies ' decision to help germany restore its industry in face of the cold war ( instead of demolishing it and turning germany into an argrarian society , an option that had been considered ) . 
  true , and i think that the economic upswing was mostly due to lending money and investing it in public projects ( infrastructure and military , mostly ) . 
  i only meant to provide examples where germany benefited from forcibly taken resources .
