  no , it just makes him a massive hypocrite . 
   furthermore he moved to switzerland [ to evade taxes . 
  ] ( http://www.zeit.de/2013/47/felix-baumgartner-steuerflucht-schweiz ) meaning he is , get this , an economic migrant . 
  i guess that 's only bad when poor and/or brown people do it . 
  this man likely is too arrogant to notice that , though . 
  it 's not at all , because he 's literally an economic migrant . 
  ah yes , the old german town of sweden . 
  just like last time . 
  do you think you 're honoring your family 's memory by publicly showing off your ignorance about the period ? 
  or do you think you 'd serve them better by sitting down and reading some books , so you know what you 're talking about next time ? 
  you seem to not quite grasp what ` nazi ' means . 
  yes , let 's ask yougov how excellent yougov 's methodology is ... 
  it is not . 
  if your entire panel only consists of people who earn below average ( which is highly likely given the tiny incentives ) , then no amount of weighting will make your sample representative . 
  and the inconsistencies compared to all ( ! ), 
  other german polling institutes is well established . 
  further reading : http://www.zeit.de/2015/48/alternative-fuer-deutschland-wahlprognosen-erfurter-insa-institut i 'd appreciate it if you 'd inform yourself before downvoting next time . 
  it should be noted that yougov panels are ** not representative ** . 
  anyone can make an account , there 's no checks of your socio-demographic details , and the payment is 2-10 cents per survey , hardly something that can be expected to motivate all social groups similarly . 
  consequently , far-right attitudes and support for the afd have for months been higher in yougov surveys than in truly representative studies . 
  it absolutely is n't a moot point , since the populist twat narrative is that these events are a direct consequence of this year 's migration . 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  suspects known so far are neither refugees nor asylum seekers . 
  but good on you for participating in the great demonizing . 
  and also importantly , the suspects that are known so far are not refugees or asylum seekers , even though that does n't stop populist assholes from pretending the opposite . 
  nobody 's concealing anything , hence all the coverage . 
  who should they be fighting ? 
  and who should they fight for , in your opinion . 
  the situation is much more complicated than isis against the people . 
  germany does this , to some extent . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  this is correct according to the guardian live blog , the reports are yet to be confirmed . 
  i hope it was n't reading idiotic comments like yours . 
  got a link ? 
  good on you , because it 's untrue . 
  several returned isis fighters have been prosecuted in germany . 
  it 's actually the opposite of what this lying user claims : you did even need to be a fighter to be prosecuted , membership in a terrorist organisation is a crime here . 
  want to guess when it gets hijacked by the `` refugees are all terrorists and rapists who only want our jobs * and * our precious welfare '' bunch ? 
  oh , it already did . 
  funny , i 've only ever heard people complain about the german media bring too anti-russian , and biased in just the other direction than from what you propose regarding ukraine . 
  which goes to show , `` the media '' are n't really biased , it 's just that everyone thinks their side is underrepresented . 
  you wrote  good ? 
  what 's that even supposed to mean ? 
  and no , of course i did n't read the article i posted , so could you expand your lecture to a tl ; dr ? 
  i 'm not going to paste the paragraph from the article here because i 'm on mobile , but it 's literally the next sentence . 
  fair enough . 
  the way i read it , it was n't so much about how authorities treated them , but that they felt unwelcome by the general population . 
  whether that 's fair or not , i ca n't say . 
  the reason i posted this article is that i found it quite interesting that people are already going back . 
  maybe they were afraid of isis . 
  they left . 
  when they were in germany , erbil was still safe and things looked better for the kurds , so now they went back . 
  what is bad about that ? 
  is n't that what the `` economic migrant '' truthers are telling us would n't happen , that people who are out of immediate danger consider going back ? 
  seems like anyone applying for asylum ca n't do anything to please this subreddit . 
  if they stay , they 're bad people for trying to mooch off our benefits * and * taking all the jerbs at the same time ( however that is supposed to work ) . 
  and if they go back they 're bad people because they 're entitled and ungrateful ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  bravo for taking the sentence out of context , leaving out the second part of his statement that explains what he means by `` not enough '' . 
  spoiler : it 's not at all about money . 
  i was wondering how long it would take until someone tried to twist that one around . 
  i agree with everything you wrote . 
  just wanted to point out that there are these claims by ngo 's , and it 's going to be interesting to see how ( if ) this develops . 
   he complained about only getting 540 $ a month from mutti merkel that 's your interpretation . 
  his `` it was not enough '' doesnt refer to money , it is explained in his next sentence : `` my son was sad and scared , he did n't have any friends or relatives and it was hard to find someone to speak to in kurdish or arabic '' . 
  whether you think that 's a good reason to go back is a different matter , but i do n't think that sentence can be understood as him complaining about the amount of money . 
  50 arrived in erbil last week . 
  does n't say anything about the total numbers . 
   refugee agencies say a growing number of kurdish refugees are returning home, 
  my point is that a very rough search on google scholar without even selecting relevant papers produces a lot of evidence that women are discriminated in hiring decision * in various sectors * . 
  why would you assume that highly performing companies are the exception to the common trend ? 
  it is well established that men tend to hire men over women with equal qualifications . 
  just look at the disgusting way republicans try to use * her husband 's * affair to insult and shame hillary clinton , a quarter of a century later . 
  and even if he were married , it would have nothing to do with the sexual discrimination and harassment against her . 
  i 'm gon na take your word for it . 
  since you just belittled someone in your title for standing up against ( alleged ) derogatory and discriminatory treatment , you 're clearly unbiased . 
   or maybe someone has prove ? 
  i mean real prove oh , if only we had [ proof ( well , evidence ) ] ( https://scholar.google.com/scholar?as_ylo=2012&amp;q=hiring+discrimination+women ) . 
  the hell is up with that editorialized title , op ? 
  going for the victim blaming approach ? 
  and whether or not she had sex with tauber ( or anyone else , for that matter ) is entirely irrelevant for her claims of sexual harassment . 
  if her allegations against henkel and others are true , she has every right to call them out . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  there are much more efforts to turn it into a fascist shithole , and even those are unlikely to succeed . 
  is that fun for you , living in arguably the best circumstances in human history anywhere in the world , yet complaining about made up doomsday scenarios all the time ? 
  does it make your life more enjoyable on a daily basis , relieve stress , give a sense of meaning when you do n't have any * real * problems ? 
  germany took in refugees who were already in hungary , the rest of the million was already on the way , and new arrivals were already declining at the time of the infamous misleadingly named `` invitation '' and continued to do so after . 
  she did ? 
  i 'm looking out at a street in europe and it seems pretty intact and peachy to me . 
  had a good chuckle about this . 
  thank you !, 
  or not , considering op made it up . 
  see top post . 
  there are many competing theories in other disciplines or accounting for media systems other than that of the us . 
  it 's still just a heuristic , and therefore necessarily not suited to acting like it explains everything . 
  and your statement is too simplistic and implying systematic organized intention which the model is n't even concerned with . 
  ooh , one old model amongst hundreds . 
  such evidence !, 
   but i think this is a prime example of leftist state media fact skewing do you have any actual evidence for this tired old assertion ? 
  besides , of course , it has rightly been pointed out that no one wants to dorm a coalition with the afd , so it is rightfully excluded .
