  which is why multiple people have been prosecuted and convicted . 
  most of the leadership are criminals . 
  although bachmann , was already a violent criminal before , of course . 
  a violent criminal refugee at that . 
  their wikipedia page has a nice overview of the more prominent criminal acts during the protests , so just give that a look . 
  edit : really , a downvote and now answer because you do n't like the truth ? 
  i feel sad , but i 'm glad you get some satisfaction out of me being wrong . 
  good job not being a prick about it . 
  the article linked in op , i.e. 
  the topic of this thread , at the time said several media reported it as an explosive device , which the majority of commenters clearly had n't read . 
  hindsight and all that , but we 've seen the pattern of reddit and the international media getting excited about anything that * might * be a terrorist attack in germany too often ( and be wrong about it , most of the time ) , which is disgusting and really tiring . 
  yes , haha , people got hurt . 
  at least you get to feel smug about it , right ? 
  it turns out , yes . 
  at the time , the actual * article linked in the op * said it was a gas explosion , while everyone in here was going crazy having clearly not read that . 
  i do n't think pointing that out makes me the bad guy here . 
  that 's part of the problem . 
  everything gets blown up in international media if it potentially could be terrorism . 
  like that mentally ill guy taking hostages with a gas pistol in a german cinema a few weeks back . 
  no news value internationally , but half of reddit probably still believe it was some crazy isis attack . 
  the unbiased truth as presented on / r/the _ donald , most likely . 
  / s , obviously . 
  y' all got some more of that fresh hyperbole ? 
  what ride is that ? 
  the ride of gas explosions in large kitchens ( which is what several media are reporting this as right now ) ? 
  do n't think we have too many of those . 
  what exactly do you stand for , you loser ? 
  gosh , that was easy . 
  i did n't even have to use my brain yet get to feel satisfied for insulting someone . 
  quick , off to tell the good people of / r/iamverysmart . 
  pegida is far from a bit of harmless patriotism and even further from an educated secular nationalism . 
  they literally talk about violently seizing power , and political assassinations and spew racial theory . 
  they 're racists and fascists , do n't whitewash them . 
  no it 's not . 
  the stupid `` invitation '' meme has been thoroughly debunked , mostly by the fact that arrivals actually went up way before it , stayed constant shortly after and then decreased . 
  but more importantly by the fact that there never was an invitation to begin with , just sensational headlines by international media with bad translators . 
  what statement ? 
  now everyone knows you did n't read the article . 
  forgive the swearing , if you will , but i sincerely do n't know what you were trying to say if not `` do n't give german citizenship to any muslims '' , which would be unconstitutional for good reason . 
  and by extension making this into another us vs them thing when the police do n't even know the motive yet . 
  can you back that up with anything i ever said , or are you just going to post this through my entire post history ? 
  what a sad , empty life you must lead . 
  can you back that up with anything i ever said , or are you just going to post this through my entire post history ? 
  what a sad , empty life you must lead . 
  can you back that up with anything i ever said , or are you just going to post this through my entire post history ? 
  what a sad , empty life you must lead . 
  holy overreaction , batman . 
  i pointed out that you 're speculating like crazy and that none of the conditions in which someone gets german citizenship matter because it 's too complicated for that . 
   i was pointing to the fact that a secular europe should n't regress . 
  regress into what ? 
  the rule of law ? 
  and the secular europe ( that i would like to see , for the record ) has never existed outside maybe france and with a lot of leeway , the nordic countries . 
  christian officials are still wielding considerable power almost everywhere else . 
   why did he become a citizen in the first place i do n't fucking know and neither do you . 
  maybe he was born here . 
  maybe one of his parents was german . 
  maybe he just fulfilled the requirements after living and working here for years . 
  those are the conditions under which you can get german citizenship . 
  whatever the fuck you 're trying to imply , it shows how uninformed you are . 
  you 're wrong , one can be religious and still believe in the idea of secularism , i.e. 
  the separation of state and religion . 
  you know , like about half the turkish population that are n't in line with erdogan disassembling their constitution . 
  a german citizen should be deported from germany ? 
   the abhorrent bitter irony ... 
  even now police say they do n't know the motive yet , so we do n't know if this was a terror attack . 
  fwiw , the german media i followed did not report any of that and stuck to official police reports and what could be verified . 
  so it 's not `` the media '' , it 's what you watched or read . 
  another german here who would n't vote fdp , but guy verhofstadt is the coolest cat in the european parliament , and along with him large parts of alde are actually reasonable classical liberals that care a lot about civil liberties and are open to some regulation . 
  microscope technology is not that far yet . 
  please do elaborate on how this is merkel 's fault . 
  i 'm really excited for that argument , especially considering the attacker came to germany * two years ago * . 
  yelling `` allahu akbar '' according to some yet to be confirmed hearsay , you mean . 
  just like in grafing and dozens of other incidents where it turned out to be untrue . 
  this does not feel like one of those , but you 're wrong to treat it as fact . 
  did you even read my comment ? 
  i 'll copy what i replied elsewhere :  my point was that 60 ai n't a hundred , and it 's pretty damn easy to not engage the 60 . 
  also that is 60 % of the people who actually bother to vote in turkish elections , so that population is naturally biased towards conservatives and the not well-integrated . 
  and of course it does n't include the entire turkish german community , i.e. 
  those that are german citizens , which is a sizeable portion of especially 3rd gen people . 
   personal anecdotes are always beaten by statistics and facts . 
  what exactly do you think this contributes ? 
  i even wrote exactly the same thing . 
  my point was that 60 ai n't a hundred , and it 's pretty damn easy to not engage the 60 . 
  also that is 60 % of the people who actually bother to vote in turkish elections , so that population is naturally biased towards conservatives and the not well-integrated . 
  and of course it does n't include the entire turkish german community , i.e. 
  those that are german citizens , which is a sizeable portion of especially 3rd gen people . 
  fwiw , i grew up in a german city with a large turkish community , and i only know the akp fanboys from the news . 
  they obviously exist , and many of them too judging from the vote and the occasional protest , but they are n't among the people i went to school with back in the day , nor among my friends ' parents from what i can tell . 
  i 'm trying to say the turkish and turkish german community is not one homogeneous group and the educated parts of the younger generations are just mingling with and like everyone else , so it 's possible to not interact with recep fan club \u2122, 
  the modern idea of the democracy that emerged around the glorious revolution and later the american and french revolutions is and always has been tied to universal human rights . 
  these universal human rights as a philosophical basis are what those revolutionaries used to legitimize their overthrowing of the old regimes , so it is not only an integral part of democracy , it is the reason for its existence . 
  does n't have anything to do with the original argument that user made being a complete misunderstanding of democracy . 
  nonsense , the nordic countries first improved rehabilitation , then subsequently had better recidivism rates . 
  just the opposite for the us after starting to lock up people with draconian sentences for minor drug offenses and generally making it increasingly impossible for ex-convicts to make a living legally . 
  i do consider the us a `` society with educated and relatively intelligent people '' , whereas according to your logic , they should be the least educated and stupidest society on the planet because they have the highest incarceration rates . 
  how the hell is it not ? 
   since so many tend to make the same mistakes once released from custody . 
  citation needed . 
  countries with legal systems focused on rehabilitation have vastly lower recidivism numbers than those that are `` tough on crime '' . 
  it would essentially be the same question to ask why the entire western world is not growing at the exponential rates it did during the first and second industrial revolutions .
