  those have been detailed in other posts , but in short : uk , france , and us decided to cease air strikes to protect hostages , but did not inform the dutch or the dutch un soldiers on the ground . 
  without air support the dutch soldiers were helpless , because they only had rifles and pistols against tanks . 
  there 's literally nothing the soldiers could have done . 
  finally , these un troops were on a peacekeeping mission , so the commander 's drinking with mladic should be seen as what it most likely was : an attempt to deescalate and keep people talking instead of murdering . 
  he said that he regrets nothing more than this , but it does n't matter imo . 
  the un soldiers were not supposed and were not equipped to full-on attack . 
  they 're as much the victims as the civilians . 
  and that 's why i said your post was stupid - not you , read that again - because it ignores all of that for some bullshit black-and-white narrative . 
  i never said they were n't . 
  that 's dishonest to pin it on the `` young feminists '' . 
  the party was a ) mostly male , b ) mostly unconcerned with gender issues , and c ) destroyed itself because of their ridiculously public internal drama . 
  a and b mean that you ca n't just blame a single member in a party that was always super anal about direct majority decision-making . 
  that was an incredibly biased interpretation of what happened . 
  the pirates were not brought down by feminists , but by their internal public drama which probably involved more men than women and did n't have much to do with gender issues and a lot with the day-to-day organization of the party 's work . 
  especially many of the early members were hardline direct democracy fans that sought to establish online voting at every level of the party 's work . 
  it is my understanding that this let to a lot of chaotic and delayed decision-making and together with their often uncivil internal debates this made for a good shit-show where it seemed that nothing ever got done . 
  it 's a loss for the democratic landscape in germany imo , because the pirates had just started to cover all policy fields from an ideology of social progressiveness and economic regulation . 
  that particular combination matches with the views of large parts of the population and is not serviced by the other parties . 
  this is idiotic . 
  which still would n't make it the dutch un soldiers fault . 
  ( not saying you meant that , just to make it clear how stupid / u/lalegatorbg 's post was . ), 
  i believe they 're talking about restaurants . 
  where you totally get a receipt first in germany . 
  with the small difference that rt 's side is completely made up most of the time and often enough desperately ignores reality , facts , and contrary or unwelcome opinions . 
  western media include the official russian positions and russian media reporting in theirs . 
  rt just rides its own circlejerk . 
  having been to this sub before , there 's a shitload of posts about islamism and related violence all the time . 
  if the mods were sweeping anything under the rug , they 're doing a very poor job of it . 
  i 'd rather assume that your post was removed for other reasons instead of buying into the `` worlds worst censors '' conspiracy . 
  and if they did n't sit there they could still do that . 
  as i said , you 're assuming that the un has a purpose that it 's not designed for . 
  you misunderstand the purpose of the uno . 
  it 's not supposed to and could not be a world government , because countries would never give up that much sovereignty . 
  so it 's the best thing it can be , it provides a common forum and formalized processes for negotiation and intervention . 
  that that takes long is part of the design . 
   i do n't believe it . 
  why ? 
  it 's a scenic route . 
  yeah , i mean there have n't even been direct allegations against blatter afaik , the main criticism was that he looked away and arguably encouraged corruption . 
  the real corruption goes on in the national associations and between fifa members and prospective world cup host countries . 
  there 's definitely little demand for ignorance and wrong use of fancy words such as `` liberal '' , `` free market '' , or `` idea '' . 
  kind of like your comment did n't compete that well on the free market of ideas . 
   but it is our choice to have 0 % corporation tax and a flat 20 % income tax and nobody else 's except it becomes other countries ' business when companies profit from subsidies and investments and cost them massive amounts of money in infrastructure upkeep ( amazon , starbucks etc. 
  use the roads a lot , for example ) , yet never pay a penny in taxes . 
  these companies are effectively profiting of and ensure their monopolies with eu citizens ' taxes , while only paying discount tax rates in one country , and usually one they do n't do most of their business in . 
  it 's morally wrong . 
  the eu acting together is the only thing that can put pressure on these companies while protecting current jobs , because it takes the option to just love to another eu country from them . 
  i agree that it 's an utterly different level of racism !, 
  in the eu , the worst , dumbest white trash threw bananas at a black football player at one game some time ago . 
  in the us , police officers charged with upholding the law regularly murder black people without legal consequences and several police departments have a documented history of discriminating non-whites . 
  yup , one of those is clearly worse than the other . 
  but i do n't expect someone who talks about an entire continent with 50 + countries as if it 's one monocultural entity to understand such nuances . 
  we can do this all day , but why did you even start to this pissing contest when we were originally talking about differences in the placing of the political discourse on the left-right continuum ? 
  are you that insecure that you mistake value-free facts as an attack on your precious country ? 
  it 's coming from someone who calls xenophobia admirable , are you really surprised ? 
  except all those foreigners actually make germany much more money than they cost : [ a net plus of 22 billion euros a year in taxes and social insurance fees in 2012 ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/politik/studie-zu-migration-zuwanderer-bringen-deutschland-milliarden-1.2240776 ) . 
  so anyone whining about how we can not afford immigrants either is or chooses to be ignorant . 
  i like how you assume what my stance is on regulation without me ever giving an opinion . 
  anyway , you take your gdp , i 'll gladly take europe 's much more efficient gdp/working hour , 38 hour weeks , reasonable vacation time , actual social mobility , the quality of life that comes with low crime rates , and the fact that i wo n't ever have to face the possibility of financial ruin because of student debt or illness . 
  oh , and of course we 're doing better in literally every freedom , democracy , and happiness index aka shit that matters . 
  have fun ~ ~ running ~ ~ obesely stumbling epic circles while i enjoy another day without huddled masses yearning to breathe free so much that they resort to violent riots or people dying because they can not afford health care . 
  their entire economic policy is as or less anti-regulatory than that of most european conservative parties . 
  market regulation and social policy are what define the left-right dimension , and by that measure the us political system as a whole is much more market-liberal ( i.e. 
  right-wing ) than any european country . 
  do n't be fooled by the focus on social progressive issues in election campaigns ( like gay marriage or abortion ) because liberalizing those has practically no bearing on the average citizens ' live . 
  economic and welfare policy is where politics affects you . 
   you 've got to quit getting your talking points from reddit folklore . 
  ignoring the douchy nature of that sentence , i can take them from pretty much any comparative political science literature . 
  that cool with you ? 
  so what ? 
  democrats and republicans are overall further to he right on the political spectrum than the majority of european parties and voters . 
  entirely different political discourse . 
  you ca n't even articulate what i 'm supposedly wrong about , you ridiculous troll . 
  i see . 
  my apologies for the harsh tone , it was that sentence that rubbed me the wrong way . 
  i can see some arguent to be made about economic and nato negotiations being seen as provocative , even though i do think that putin has a log-term strategy in occuoying bordering countries ( see transnistria and georgia ) . 
  if i were , i 'm sure you 'd have counter-arguments and sources . 
  you do n't , so you opt for the demagogue 's last resort : insults . 
  what ? 
  i do n't think that was meant as a justification . 
  i understand , facts are tough to argue against . 
  let 's list all the bullshit , shall we ? 
  the opposition group you 're talking about was a large social movement of ukrainian people in ukraine against an autoritarian ukrainian president . 
  the rest of europe and the us had nothing to do with that . 
  they certainly did not `` provoke russia '' or `` reacted aggressively '' . 
  as such , this is the business of the people of ukraine . 
  russia gets no say in who rules ukraine . 
  edit : misunderstood the previous post before edit . 
  ~ ~ speaking of `` reacting agressively '' , do you know what that word means ? 
  russia reacted agressively , when they invaded ukraine , a sovereign country , to stage a coup against the newly elected government and force the secession of crimea and eastern ukraine with armed mobsters and fake referendums . 
  putin has admitted this . 
  he violated and keeps violating international law . 
  there are no two sides to this , russia is the agressor and criminal here . ~ ~ 3 . 
  the protests were just protests . 
  they did not `` try to remove [ the ukrainian president ] by force '' as you imply , they peacefully protested for foreign policy reforms . 
  the police , i.e. 
  the president , is who acted violently first . 
   just try to imagine what would happen if an opposition group would try to remove an american president by force . 
  this comparison is completely idiotic , because noone tried to remove the russian president . 
  again , ukraine is no business of russia , but putin seems to have a hard time with the concept of national sovereignty when it comes to those countries which used to be under russian control and are doing much better now since they are n't .
