  not op , but you could make that argument about the german annexations of austria and parts of czechoslovakia , also about the germans taking control of the saar region in violation of the versailles treaty . 
  also the us 's . 
  without the marshall plan there would have been no `` wirtschaftswunder '' in germany or pretty much elsewhere in western europe , at least not to the degree it happened . 
  of course , this benefitted the us just as much or even more , but the fact that they wanted to integrate germany and the rest of europe in the western alliance did a lot for our economies . 
  not really . 
  the european election uses proportional representation in most countries . 
  and we only elect the european parliament which is one of two legislative chambers , whereas the us president the is head of the executive and consequently the person is much more important . 
  they may have designed it , but someone in the party or a political advisor either had the idea or at least gave their ok . that 's what i meant . 
  just checked , and this is reported on several german news sites , including [ this one with a different picture ] ( http://m.taz.de/kommentar-spd-werbung/!139059;m/ ) , so it seems to be true . 
  i wonder who commissioned this ad , because it fits neither schulz nor the spd . 
  here 's their website , https://hola.org/ the addon is available for firefox , ie , and chrome , and their are standalone applications for windows , mac , and android . 
  opera users should be able to get the chrome extension working using [ this extension ] ( https://addons.opera.com/de/extensions/details/download-chrome-extension-9/?display=en ) . 
  neither the council of europe nor the european court of human rights are eu institutions . 
  they actually concern most of europe ( 47 countries ) , not only the eu members . 
  it 's confusing , because there 's also the court of the european union , the european council , and the council of the european union , which * are * eu institutions ( but not located in strasbourg ) . 
  maybe dutch women were just way more into bakers , while swiss , german , and scandinavian women preferred scoring the wealthy millers . 
  this was filmed during sail amsterdam 2015 , the world 's largest tall sailing ship gathering . 
  it takes place every five years , so you wo n't get to see this before 2020 . 
  ww2 was going the way it went long before the us got involved ( which it tried everything not to , btw ) and it would have gone the same way without it . 
  might have taken russia one or two years more to defeat germany . 
  you 're doing a great job of missing the point . 
  carry on . 
  you 're the only one doing any talking down here . 
   you guys are just small-minded wow , way to generalize 80 million people . 
  but that 's not meant as an insult , i 'm sure , since we small-minded idiots ca n't help it . 
  and `` republic of london '' ? 
  gtfo you pompous douche . 
  right there with you , but i think the annoyance comes from some people overblowing it . 
  like the few reddit users you occasionally see declaring the us to be some kind of tragic hero without which the rest of the world would burn to the ground and all of humanity would be lost . 
  so i guess let 's just not be dicks about it . 
  this is it . 
  you do n't have to go more than a few weeks back in this subreddit to find ample comments complaining about a lack of german initiative regarding the financial crisis . 
  now i 'm ambiguous on ` my ' government 's actions here , because they 've been really good at sitting through problems as well , and because of the ridiculous sudden shift from `` fuck you , italy and malta '' to the safe haven for all . 
  but at least they 're finally taking some charge , because nobody else is going to . 
  the issue i have with your 1 and 2 is that the legality of a border crossing should n't be the end-all , be all of this debate . 
  i mean , i totally agree with your third point , but that has n't happened , and now the situation is like it is . 
  there are currently about 12 million people fleeing from the syrian civil war . 
  7-8 million of those are displaced people within syria . 
  are refugees in neighboring countries : turkey , lebanon , jordan , and iraq . 
  by early august 2014 , 313.000 refugees were in the european union , according to unhcp numbers . 
  this means that all the refugees in the eu are only 2.6 % of the total refugee population . 
  the amount of syrian refugees the 28 eu member states are housing is less than 10 % of the number that the only four , much less wealthy , much less stable neighbor countries are housing . 
  you 're right , strictly speaking , the eu could sit idly by and watch the neighboring countries carry all the load and let potentially millions of people die . 
  that is what the arabian oil countries are doing . 
  i 've seen people on reddit argue that this means the eu should do the same . 
  but i do n't think a bunch of slaveholding oil sheikhs should be the moral standard to which we aspire . 
  this is a * humanitarian * crisis . 
  helping is optional . 
  nobody could stop the eu leaders from deciding to close the borders and fortify europe even more . 
  but our leaders and most europeans seem to think that we 're better than that , that we should n't just watch people die , that we do have a responsibility toward war refugees fleeing from the powder keg that * we * helped create decades ago , as well as syrian 's neighbor countries who god knows are doing more than their share already . 
  besides , in practice the convention has always been applied like this : if you make it to , say , germany without applying for asylum anywhere on the way , then you 'll be allowed to apply for asylum here , if only because there 's no way to prove which country you entered first , and because it 's your right to apply for asylum . 
  this is the only way for many afghan refugees , for example ( including military translators and other people fighting the taliban alongside the nato ) , to get german asylum , because there 's no legal way for them to get here . 
  i 'll repeat what i wrote elsewhere in this comment chain :  dublin 2 is an impractical agreement that was short-sighted and can not possibly work with this influx of refugees . 
  the central and northern european countries put all the responsibility for guarding the outer union borders on the border countries , but did not provide them adequate means to do so . 
  how the hell are the greek islands , many of which only consist of rocks and a few goats , supposed to handle thousands of refugees ? 
  how are greece , italy , and malta supposed to house all those refugees ? 
  it 's not a grand progressive conspiracy , it 's that dublin 2 is an impractical agreement that was short-sighted and can not possibly work with this influx of refugees . 
  the central and northern european countries put all the responsibility for guarding the outer of the union borders on the border countries , but did not provide them adequate means to do so . 
  how the hell are the greek islands , many of which only consist of rocks and a few goats , supposed to handle thousands of refugees ? 
  how are greece , italy , and malta supposed to house all those refugees ? 
  the issue here is that when there was clearly a need to either reinforce the borders or replace dublin 2 , the majority of the eu members decided to lean back and do nothing . 
  for the record , i 'd much prefer the latter solution , but these are two approaches that would work , and arguably should be done in conjunction . 
  nope . 
  good constitutions have `` inalienable rights '' ( ever heard of that one ? ) . 
  the part of many constitutions defining human and citizen rights can literally not be changed in any legal or procedural way . 
  minority rights in particular should obviously not be subject to popular vote . 
  i mean who 's the `` we '' in your imagination that can overturn a signed and ratified international agreement like the geneva convention ( which defines the relevant rights here ) ? 
  some `` we '' consisting of you and every powerful government in the world ? 
   it is german and swedish politicians who have offered residency to all syrians and suspended the dublin agreement . 
  that is not true . 
  at least in germany 's case , the suspension of the dublin agreement only lasted a few days . 
  it is a difficult situation . 
  a miniscule part of all syrian refugees are coming to europe , but that is still too much for the border countries to handle . 
  the dublin agreement is not sustainable , and quite evidently some fair solution needs to be found . 
  we have to honor human rights , but at the same time need to make sure that the wrong expectations that are spread by human traffickers are n't the prevalent image refugees have of europe . 
  you 're using the word liberal wrong , does n't make any sense in a european context . 
  no worries , thanks for your constructive posts !, 
  most of this is on europe 's failure to organize , none of it is on refugees . 
  i do n't consider myself an `` extreme left hippie ignorant '' , but i do feel like these discussions too often are very technocratic in nature and lack some basic empathy . 
  we should not talk about administrating migration without acknowledging that these are people in dire need we 're talking about . 
  as for east germany , rallies against the xenophobic rallies and rallies of solidarity for refugees are far larger there than the extreme right-wing protests - as is the case pretty much anywhere in europe . 
  the reason i brought up east germany is that there are few small towns that seem to have been completely taken over by neo-nazi idiocy , with any remaining regular citizens idly standing by . 
  so the number of shitheads in east germany is probably the same as anywhere else , too , they just have a very specific brand of shithead . 
  look up heidenau or freital in the news , if you 're interested . 
  it boggles the mind how ignorant and historically uneducated these people are , but they 're a very small , very vocal minority . 
  i doubt your parents ' generation felt that bothered by them . 
  which is the point . 
  i meant it more directed at those parts of east germany where now much of the right wing terrorism ( yes , terrorism by definition ) against asylum seekers takes place . 
  they were horribly poor places were people tried to flee from a dictatorial regime to the richer western part . 
  i 'm not saying a majority of east germans are ungrateful ( or even should be grateful ) . 
  but the tiny minority of vocal racists in those parts seem to have forgotten that not too look no ago they were the oppressed knocking on someone else 's door for help . 
  and former west germany ( some states of it , anyway ) pays for unification to this day , but you do n't hear a lot of bitching about that . 
   is it fascism when i do n't want foreigners illegally crossing borders of my country and walking around with nothing to lose , with completely different mentality and customs ? 
  you mean like the time all those east german refugees camped in prague 's german embassy for days and left it like a trash dump ? 
  people are quick to forget history in this fair continent of ours . 
  i yet have to see any proof that migration costs any significant amount of money . 
  as it is , we spend more on uneducated , chronically unemployed neonazis than people running from actual torture , rape , and death . 
  while it appears to be pollution here , dresden looks similar for a different reason : the local sandstone many historical buildings are made from contains metals that oxidize over time , which is why the discoloration is strongest where the rain hits . 
  interesting . 
  i want competent people who do their job .
