  it 's a very common thing on this subreddit as soon as things get political , and the evasiveness behind it annoys me . 
  and carried out by an independent private research organization . 
  and many of the results are not how the eu would presumably want it . 
  but sure , if you do n't like the results , pre-emptively call them doctored . 
   suspicion of deviation upwards of 5-10 % would not be unfounded . 
  yes , it would with proper sampling and weighting , which this uses , and which you can check for yourself in the detailed documentation and by downloading the data yourself . 
  it 's all available for free online and transparently documented , the science equivalent to open source . 
  verhofstadt was in the running once , but the uk vetoed him as too federalist . 
  so now that the uk does n't want a say anymore , who knows . 
  `` dw '' usually refers to deutsche welle rather than die welt , which is a bit misleading , considering the former is quite a bit more neutral than the conservative welt . 
  in your bubble , no . 
  in actual representative surveys , yes . 
  large majorities of europeans are in favor of an economic and monetary union , a common foreign policy , a common defence and security policy , a common migration policy , a common energy policy , and a digital single market . 
  all of these mean further integration . 
  source : eurobarometer 86 , data collection in may 2016 , representative samples in all member states . 
  results can be easily found online , but i 'm on mobile . 
  this is simply not true . 
  you can read , but you apparently did n't have the stamina or attention span to read past the first sentence of whatever your source was . 
  lpt : not a good starting position to get on a high horse . 
  the period can be shorter depending on language skills , volunteer work , if the naturalization is deemed to be in the public interest , if you have any family already going through the process , and if you marry a german . 
  that last one brings it down a lot . 
  and considering that several german cities have a lot of expat workers , there 's certainly many that have lived there for a while and easily qualify . 
  what you 're also missing is that many brits living or having lived in germany or between the two countries for job reasons may have known they qualified but had no reason to apply until now . 
  edit : downvote , because you ca n't admit being wrong . 
  pathetic , but funny . 
  no , they did n't , which is why that 7 years gibberish is nonsense . 
  there are relatively easy ways to apply for german citizenship for eu citizens . 
  mostly it 's not true , because the victims say the incident was completely unrelated to clothing . 
  til uk is part of france . 
  who said that ? 
  can you quote someone on that ? 
  or is that just a convenient strawman so you do n't have to engage with the actual arguments people made ? 
  til hiding in a house is equal to `` walking around in broad daylight for weeks '' . 
  well , no , you just happen to be wrong . 
  we 'll get british eu funding after all . 
  you made me laugh . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm doing as you do . 
  the point is that the child abductions do not negate the racism of the nazi conduct in poland . 
  do n't sideline this conversation we were having : there is such a thing as white-on-white racism , in fact `` racism '' has nothing to do with race , because the biological concept does not fit humans . 
  where are you getting that idea ? 
  more shockingly , that 's not a percentage at all . 
  but please do n't derail this argument from the real issue of your flawed understanding of racism and historic revisionism . 
  insinuating that the way germans rip off other european nationalities is through monetary policy and forced austerity . 
  you 're objectively , demonstratably wrong . 
  literally any ww2 historian would tell you so . 
  i challenge you to find a single one supporting your view . 
  the entire generalplan ost , the whole lebensraum thing are entirely based on racism and social darwinism , which is why occupied territories in eastern and western europe were treated so differently . 
  the french , dutch , scandinavians etc , in nazi propaganda view , were cousins led astray by socialists and jews and would get a chance to be a part of the crazy fascist empire hitler envisioned , if they changed their ways . 
  anyone to the east on the other hand was inferior people keeping valuable resources from germany and whoever was strong enough to take them deserved to . 
  again , nazi propaganda view , since you have trouble distinguishing who said what . 
  edit :  he did , however , secretly import polish children into germany for german families to raise . 
  twisting the truth to fit your narrative or do n't you know better ? 
  they kidnapped a small percentage of children that they deemed aryan/nordic-looking enough that they did * not * belong to the `` inferior races '' in the conquered territory . 
  you just presented evidence against your silly `` white on white ca n't be racist '' theory . 
  also , did you conveniently forget about jews or do you not consider them white ? 
  no , he or she clearly did n't . 
  you just want to read into it . 
  and according to your racism definition , the nazis were n't racist , which should give you an idea off how far of the mark you are . 
  dude , read the user name of the person you originally replied to . 
  now read mine . 
  do you get it ? 
  the `` patriotic '' in exclamation points should have been a giveaway . 
  and how does racism play a role in a xenophobic assault ? 
  idk , we clearly need some scientists for that . 
  do you think it 's the same to blame * refugees * for terrorist attacks as blaming racists for racist violence , when all racist violence is committed by racists , but not all terrorist attacks ( actually , a very small minority ) are committed by refugees ? 
  one is a much more concrete group than the other . 
  or they get it so rarely that they 're more satisfied when they do ? 
  you see how we can spin this in idiotic conclusions ? 
  i did n't know they already held auditions for next commission president . 
  but i learned on this sub that immigration is the only reason for crime . 
  how can polish people be criminals in poland , i thought you had to go to the uk for that like germans have to go to the ecb ? 
  uh , yes it is . 
  one is an ideology ( and they 're clearly not referring to actual patriotism , but to the neo-fascists calling themselves that ) . 
  the other is the state of fleeing from war . 
  making generalizations over the former is much more justified , because they , you know , actually have relevant traits for those generalizations in common . 
  following your brilliant logic , this means you are arguing that it is young and naive to take a stand against xenophobic violence , and so we should listen to those that endorse xenophobic violence instead , because at least they 're not young . 
  since when is asking for evidence `` bitching '' ? 
  where did i `` pretend like i know you '' - dat is het laatste wat ik wil , considering your cunty tone and the passive-aggressive german . 
  did you read that link and ca n't handle being wrong ? 
  is that the best you can do ? 
  then present a single piece of evidence that that is the case . 
  edit : i 'll leave this here , meanwhile : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4au611/_/ stop pretending your alternate reality with black and white responsibilities and easy explanations is real . 
  it 's a trend question , so it 's in every single one of them , and i gave you the exact wording . 
  with a reference to the * latest one published by the parliament * . 
  so yeah , that is indeed not vague at all . 
  and i do n't `` just provide one country 's statistic , i 've equipped you with all the information necessary to type `` parlemeter 2015 '' into the search engine of your choice , ctrl + f `` a good thing '' in the report on the first hit , and see all the graphs and tables you could want . 
  in any case , uk has always scored among the lowest in all the favorability questions . 
  if you actually bothered to read the methodology section of the eurobarometer , you 'd know that your allegations are silly . 
  these are independent research agencies conducting face-to-face interviews , something that has a number of advantages but most other projects of this kind can or do not afford , among samples that are as close to random as you get in surveys . 
  as to why the samples are good , why the chances of what you describe happening are low , well , the answers are readily available , but you 'd have to read the report and have some background in survey methodology and sampling . 
  and since you 're just throwing smoke screens , i do n't think you 're interested if it does n't fit your preconceived notions . 
  funny how do you do n't even specify who you mean by `` she '' , because the witch hunt narrative is already so ingrained . 
  again , who * invited * anyone ? 
  your comment does not address the original commenter 's reference to the clear fabrication of the infamous invitation . 
  apart from unfavorable views being something very different from wanting to leave or an intention to vote leave in a hypothetical referendum , and you comparing survey sample numbers with an actual referendum , which is beyond silly , you also miss the fact that your `` unfavorable views '' are still less than half in most of the countries you cited . 
  but this does n't matter , because `` unfavorable views '' is as vague as it gets , even though you apparently do n't want to admit that . 
  it is obvious that many greeks would be unhappy with the eu after the austerity measures , but that does not mean the same number think they would be better off on their own . 
  if you 're unhappy with some of your national government 's decisions , is the first and only reaction you can think of to emigrate like some clich\u00e9 tea party hillbilly ? 
  a much better proxy for wanting to leave is the eurobarometer trend question about whether respondents view their country 's membership as a good or a bad thing , where a large majority in most countries you listed say it is a good thing .
