  and exactly because of that , i question our right to limit economic integration . 
   the us has a substantial black-white economic gap ( presently a household net wealth difference of about 13-to-1 ) which has stubbornly persisted , even after other groups have tended to close the gap . 
  this is approximately the ratio that the united kingdom sees as well . 
  a substantial chunk of immigration ( somalia , eritrea ) , would be sub-saharan african sources of immigration ; were europe to permit the even broader anyone-from-africa-who-wants-to-come-can-come policy that you 've proposed , this would obviously be an overwhelming factor . 
  if this gap similarly persists in europe , how will this be addressed ? 
  if economic equality is a goal , will equality of opportunity or will equality of outcome be guaranteed ? 
  are the people of europe comfortable with potentially providing an ongoing subsidy if need be to provide equality of outcome ? 
  if so , how will this be paid for ? 
  if you believe that the gap will not arise in germany , what are the grounds for this ? 
  why would a weath gap arise purely based on skin colour unless the system is inherently racist ? 
  spoiler : there 's your answer . 
  the racial wealth gap in the us is a social issue , not an ethnic one . 
  it is rooted in slavery , segregation , and predatory racist business practices ( google blockbusting and ghetto loans ) that affect african american communities to this day . 
  black people are more likely to receive harsher punishments for the same crimes than whites , they 're less likely to be offered a job interview with the same qualifications , and the laws themselves are stacked against them , if you compare the minimum sentences for crack vs. cocaine , for example . 
  in short , this is a very special case , and assuming that one can extrapolate from it to black people everywhere based on this particular population is ridiculous , if not outright racist . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and assume that you do n't subscribe to 19th century anthropological theories . 
   finally , is this a precedent that germany would like to maintain , not just as a result of this one-off conflict , but for the world as a whole ? 
  this is not typically a policy that most nations have adopted -- not that it did n't happen , as the early us was effectively open-border -- but that today , it is quite uncommon . 
  they tend to restrict immigration , and tend to have policies that encourage immigration of the wealthy . 
  if germany would like to adopt these policies , how does germany differ from these other countries in such a way that this is a desirable policy , or in what way are these other countries adopting a sub-par policy ? 
  germany most importantly has to get together with the other eu members and create a fair policy . 
  right now , the economic and logistic responsibility for immigration mostly lies with the poorer boarder nations , more specifically with some small island municipalities that can not possibly handle the situation . 
  the current law , by which eu members can send refugees back to the country where they originally entered the eu clearly disadvantages countries like greece , italy , and malta . 
  the other members are not only content in this relaxed position , they do n't even provide adequate financial help to the border countries . 
  we do n't need to open the borders fully , no questions asked . 
  there is a lot we could and should do , before that question even needs to be discussed , because there are people coming , right now , whether we like it or not . 
  they 're desperate , they 're literally running for their lives , and harsher border controls wo n't stop them . 
  we can continue to stand on our dicks , rage against foreigners , and watch several humanitarian crises unfold right on the doorstep of our fine little beacon of democracy and human rights . 
  or we can do what clearly needs to be done . 
  at the very least , this means reinstating previous programs to rescue people at sea and finally getting real about the `` union '' part of the eu . 
  that means financial and logistical help for the border countries , as well as clear rules of how immigrants are to be distributed among the member states . 
  if the eu worked together on this , the amount of migrants should be manageable . 
  under the assumption that you 're not just trolling : this is not about making babies , this is about replenishing a continually declining workforce * due to the low birthrate * which somehow has to provide for the continually increasing number of retired people . 
   re : money - could the govt quite literally not invest that cash ? 
  would that not be more profitable , apart from being something which the general population is not actively against ? # you 've got to be kidding . 
  it 's not an immigrant lottery where the government throws cash in and if the funny foreigners draw three clovers you get it multiplied . 
  most of these people work in germany , creating actual value ( products and services ) , spending money , and thereby adding to the country 's economy and of course paying into the welfare system . 
  can you even imagine what it would mean to diminish the country 's workforce by several million ? 
  grandma 's pension just got cut in half and your school closed . 
  which is a pity , because now you ca n't discuss that investment strategy with your economics teacher anymore . 
  the full paragraph :  ** the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence ** , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  hence , my original comment ,  the means by which a refugee makes it into a safe country are explicitly irrelevant is correct . 
  where did i ever write anything different ? 
  you 're imposing your very specific scenario ( that i mean germany by safe country , but the refugee in question arrived and declared themselves in some other safe country first ) on my general comment . 
  i responded to you with this general comment , because you stated that this does not apply to any refugees in germany , which is horseshit . 
  this is not advanced mathematics , but the little downvote brigade just springs on anyone defending the human rights of brown people . 
  no how is this relevant to germany ? 
  many refugees use human trafficking to get straight to germany or another safe country , because they have family here or translated for the german army and were then abandoned to fight for themselves ( yes those people actually have no legal means of immigrating in many cases ) . 
  so their country of destination becomes the one where they declare themselves to the authorities first , and then they have to work on their asylum application . 
  it does n't fucking matter where they 've been before , because there 's no way to prove it , and so no other country would take them back . 
  and it 's entirely irrelevant because that refugee has the right to have their case heard . 
  i also oppose the idea that anyone traveling from syria to turkey can consider themselves safe . 
  what about kurds ? 
  they could very well make the case that they saw themselves in danger and therefore traveled on to greece . 
  from a practical standpoint , how is it ok , in your opinion , to put the entire weight of this disastrous humanitarian crisis that is syria on its neighbouring countries ? 
  they house most of the refugees anyway , in fact the percentage of refugees among the population of e.g. 
  lebanon is more than an order of magnitude higher than in germany . 
  is it ok to let a few thousand families die so we do n't have more brown people in our neighborhood ? 
  do you think those people want to leave their homes behind to live in a tent village without essential healthcare , food , or water - if they 're lucky enough to survive ? 
  [ i do n't know what to tell you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees#innocence_of_refugees_unlawfully_entering_the_country_of_refuge ) . 
  you may be thinking about the european union 's internal policies which give member states the right to return asylum seekers to the first eu member state in which they arrived . 
  regarding the refugee convention , it was first drafted shortly after ww2 , and i assume in light of it . 
  the fact of the matter is that there 's still millions of people fleeing from wars , civil wars , and terrorism around the world . 
  i do n't consider letting them all die on our doorsteps an acceptable course of action . 
  we wo n't agree on this , but i do n't think we europeans even have a right to deny economic migrants from africa . 
  europe 's wealth is founded on exploiting parts of africa and asia for centuries and to this day . 
  we ca n't allow banks to speculate on grain prices or destroy local economies with `` foreign aid '' and at the same time wonder about an influx of hungry migrants . 
  if i were from somalia or eritrea and faced with the decision to either watch my family starve or risk our lives on the trip to europe , i hope i 'd be as courageous as the people coming here . 
  every one of them has worked harder than me or any european i know for the most basic human rights and safety that i get to take for granted . 
  i 'm sure they did n't get into a cramped , barely floating boat with the big dream of dealing drugs or mooching on our precious welfare . 
  in short , if people with that kind of spirit were allowed to work here , i think most of them would be willing and more than capable . 
  no , the means by which a refugee makes it into a safe country are explicitly irrelevant under the convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  which countries germany considers safe countries of origin is constantly under debate anyway . 
   france is the way it is because of the people who live there . 
  of course every individual only plays a tiny part , but as a whole , the french have made and still make france . 
   you can not just say their living standards are unfairly high and should be lowered for the sake of others . 
  might a history of colonialism have to do with it as well ? 
  a history that took place in parts of the world where a lot of those immigrants and refugees are coming from , and that continued well weithin the second half of the last century ? 
  no , it must be that those immigrants just lack the industrial nature of the french . 
   this argument might be brought forth when discussing an immigrant state such as the us . 
  unlike european countries , that were drawn on a map by god himself and then carefully filled with fully developed europeans , complete with lederhose or beret depending on their country . 
  this of course happened at the same time that god put all the africans in africa . 
  what 's even more amazing is that throughout all of history 's conflicts and various empires spannig most of europe with their different official state languages , all the little europeans never moved from their divinely intended places and indeed did n't mingle with each other ( or non-european invaders ) at all . 
  / s it sucks for you that you picked france of all countries for your example . 
  [ because it just so happens that to become a french citizen during the first years of the republic , one simply had to live there for five years or marry a citizen ] ( http://www.academia.edu/202191/citizenship_and_national_identity_in_france_from_the_french_revolution_to_the_present ) . 
  it appears that the founders of europe 's first republic would clearly disagree with your statement that the nation of france was founded for people being born french . 
   you have no more right to living/working in germany/europe than any syrian syrians have every right to live in germany right now : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees, 
  that 's funny , because germany actually has a [ legal obligation to help war refugees ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) - even if they entered the country `` illegaly '' , which is irrelevant for refugees . 
   they are probably not a net benefit to germany well , [ they are ] ( http://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/2014-11/sozialsystem-deutschland-auslaender-bringen-milliardeneinnahmen ) - for those who do n't speak german , this is about a study on the impact of all immigrants on the welfare state . 
  aggregated , these people accounted for a 22 billion euro net plus for the german welfare system . 
  since this is based on over six million people , i 'd say we can afford to house a few hundred thousand more , even if they happen to need our help . 
  plus , germany has an international obligation to house refugees ( which , again , is not the same as immigrants ) . 
   liberal arts student i like how you call people idiots but then for your straw manning pick up some word you learned on reddit that does n't make any sense in a german ( or european ) context . 
  and you 're conflating refugees and migrants ( just like that article ) which does n't make it sound like you 've read up on the matter enough to call other opinions idiotic . 
  but let 's go ahead : why would the number of immigrants and refugees not be sustainable when germany ( 1 ) handled higher numbers in the past and ( 2 ) is facing a declining population and the lowest birth rates in europe , meaning we 're in dire need of immigration if we want our economy and welfare system to have any chance of survival . 
  by the way , refugees have a legal right to stay in safe countries . 
  this is not about opinion , it 's international law . 
   potentially intelligence that would be beautifully ironic . 
  not sure if you 've seen it in the meantime , but the current top comment links to it . 
  that appears to be the intended joke , yes .
