  he literally accused all european muslims of collaborating in a new holocaust and called for an international intervention against them . 
  actually , the the idea that there 's a grand muslim conspiracy is reminiscent of the anti-semitic propaganda of the 20th century . 
  yet the vocal anti-immigration comments are also racist most of the time . 
  if a large part of the population is racist , that 's still racism . 
  1/4 is not really surprising when surveys in european countries often show 15-20 per cent of the population holding outright anti-semitic views . 
  the more pc , less overt racism of the middle class is silent and structural , but it 's still there . 
  exactly , look at any of the recent immigration threads on / r/europe . 
  it 's a downvote fest for anything moderate or mentioning immigrants ' rights , especially in the early hours of the threads . 
  some of these threads recover a few hours later when the rest of the subreddit is awake , but some do n't . 
  it very much looks like organized brigading , either by the racist subs or the stormfront forum who did it before . 
  so when on / r/europe , always read the controversial comments , too !, 
  i regularly see comments on default subreddits , often seemingly by non-swedes , about how sweden is basically overrun with violent immigrants . 
  this image really seems common among international redditors , but it 's quite far from the truth . 
  til only minorities would have had to flee from an impending nuclear attack . 
  when the treaty was written in the early years of the cold war , germany was one of , if not the most `` potentially unstable region '' in the world . 
  it could have very well been a war zone . 
  where war is likely changes all the time . 
  a general treaty like this one is the only way to asure some chance of survival to refugees . 
  the alternative is to deny refugees all rights . 
  if you 're advocating against the geneva convention , this is what you 're advocating for , too . 
  put yourself in the shoes of european civilians of a cold war becoming hot - would you be ok with being left to die by the rest of the world ? 
  and you 're lucky enough to live in a country that finances your virtually free studies . 
  did you factor the cost of that education into your little comparison ? 
  you 've already benefitted much more from german tax money than any of these refugees . 
  thank you for speaking some sense . 
  do n't conflate your national government 's policies with european politics , it 's dishonest . 
  rutte might fuck over students right now , but many other countries do n't . 
  in scandinavia and germany , for example , studying is as cheap as ever . 
  this has nothing to do with european immigration policies . 
  you 're `` welcome to europe '' comparison does n't hold water . 
  you implied they 're all terrorists . 
  do n't try to deter from that . 
  what does this have to do with civilians fleeing from that conflict ? 
  do n't answer , you already made up your mind . 
  so you 're saying we need to put all childless germans in front of the international court of human rights ? 
  got it . 
  what exactly did your parents built ? 
  it seems like they were mostly busy with not educating you in basic reading comprehension . 
  where did i ever say that ? 
  germany is an immigrant society and it 's time to accept that . 
  and you ca n't change large scale generational trends with complex social reasons by `` encouraging '' people . 
  how people deciding to get less kids is different from the industrialized and deliberate genocide of an entire people ? 
  are you serious ? 
  read a book . 
  fuck off back to the thirties, 
   these are almost exclusively workers from within the eu citation needed . 
  some of the biggest groups of non-german residents are non-european , like turks , so they 'll make up the majority of that group as well . 
  you 're missing the point anyway : immigration is n't costing this country money , the opposite is true . 
  thank you for an insightful and civil comment . 
   i think that it would be a better idea to explicitly accept economic immigration if that is the goal i agree . 
  the current practice means that even highly qualified migrants have to apply for asylum , making it impossible to work , because there 's no legal way for them to immigrate , even if there is acute need for people in their profession . 
   how are present social welfare programs to be maintained ? 
  will germany accept a lower minimum standard of living ? 
  will germany instead accept having a less-competitive economy , and take money from german companies to ensure an equality of outcome ? 
  we have had to and will have to accept all of that because of our declining population and shifting age distribution . 
  most baby boomers are still working , so we have n't hit the worst point yet . 
  the baby boomer generation not only had less kids than their parents , they 're also likely to get much older . 
  for germany , there really is no way around opening itself up to more immigration . 
  our social systems will suffer either way , but imo only with increased immigration can they recover . 
   there have been many hundreds of years of christian-muslim conflict . 
  secularism ( mostly on the christian side ) may have reduced the pressures here , but is europe comfortable with addressing this ? 
  other countries , like egypt , have seen christian-muslim conflicts ongoing to this day . 
  yes , living in harmony may be an ideal , but this is a path that is hard to back up on , and holding ideals is different from blocking a view of reality with them . 
  i do not think that it is impossible to have poly-religious countries , and there are some examples of same . 
  i also think that there are a significant-enough number of cases where countries have seen serious religious conflict that this is a legitimate concern . 
  i share your concern . 
  i lean towards being optimistic , because i grew up in a city where almost 40 per cent of the population were either immigrants or second/third-generation immigrants ( that dreaded german neologism , `` migrationshintergrund '' captures those groups together ) . 
  all things considered , this works pretty well . 
  the kids with turkish or arab roots from my high school in a troubled neighborhood now all follow very practical careers , such as nursing , engineering or law . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , from my perspective , even in a poor neighborhood , there are a lot of young muslims in germany who follow typical careers for kids who are the first to study in their families . 
  that 's of course a biased view . 
  but consider that the rate of entrepreneurs among immigrants , particularly the turkish , is much higher than among the general german population . 
  sure , most of those are small supermarkets , corner stores , or kebab shops , nothing fance . 
  but these people are working crazy hours to feed their families and they 're taking risks . 
  the muslim immigrant population is much more likely than the rest of the country to create new small businesses . 
  lastly , the refugees from syria are fleeing from daesh and similar organizations . 
  some of them are christians , some are yazidis , some are muslim . 
  either way , i 'm willing to assume that they 've had enough of religious extremism . 
  as much as i 'd like our constitution to be more secular , and as much as i 'm wary of islam , most muslims in germany are not only not extremists , they 're also not that religious beyond rituals and community . 
  it 's too late pver here to look up statistics , but i 'm fairly confident that this is not only my personal impression from what i remember reading over the past years . 
   some of the countries in question are very poor , and have limited education : eritria is particularly badly-off . 
  we 've yet to devise a way to simply convert random unskilled adults to highly-productive workers ( if we could do that , a lot of those countries probably would n't be nearly so badly-off ) . 
  the first generation , no matter what , is going to cost something if germany wants to maintain the sort of standards of living that many people would like to keep as a minimum . 
  there 's also typically correlation between wealth of parents and wealth of children , so unless germany plans to reverse this , this is probably not going to be a single-generation effort . 
  i do n't have an argument against that . 
  it just should n't matter , imo . 
  we 're faced with the decision to let millions starve and hundreds of thousands drown - or we make it easier to get here . 
  i understand that this means complications on a national level , but i also do n't see how what europe is doing now is anything but walking by a stranger bleeding out in the street , on an international scale . 
  i do view this in ideological terms . 
  in 1984 , orwell writes that every society is built on keeping 85 per cent of the population poor , and that the ruling class can only be rich as long the poor stay that way . 
  we could get into marxist theory , but in practical terms , i can live the way i do , * because * most people are dirt poor . 
  for example , i could take a flight recently , because over 90 per cent of the world never have . 
  if all of them got to take one flight a year , it would be impossible for humans to live on this planet in a few years . 
  flying is an obvious example , but the same really goes for the entire lifestyle developed and emerging economies enjoy . 
  we can only have it , because most people ca n't , and that is by the virtue of randomly being born in the right place . 
  it 's only natural that the impulse for us is to want to keep it that way . 
  but i really do n't see how one could truly justify that our fifth coffee to go of the week trumps another person 's right to live . 
  we 're pretending these things are n't connected , but they are . 
  coffee is just one other obvious example . 
  i know you and i can not really change that .
