  why ? 
  even if it were relevant , you know * nothing * about these peoples ' private life , yet you want to pass judgment ? 
  what if they 're in open relationships or simply used it as a dating site ? 
  what if they 're closeted homosexuals or trapped in a sexless or loveless marriage that they can not leave without professional repercussions ? 
  lgbt rights are n't all that great in parts of the eu , and divorces can carry some stigma with them , too ? 
  here 's the thing : lots of people cheat . 
  according to some surveys , in some western countries * most * people will cheat on someone at some point . 
  however ugly that is , if you take cheating as a sign of severe character flaw , then you 'll have trouble filling the ranks in government and anywhere else . 
  it 's a common thing , and it does n't concern anyone but those affected . 
  how does that make sense when i learned on / r/europe that * all * ~ ~ muslim ~ ~ arab immigrants are terrorists ( and criminals !!, 
  for real , though , you 're right of course about christianity 's influence . 
  thor has at least double : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0848228/business?ref_=tt_dt_bus http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0335345/business?ref_=tt_dt_bus , 
  you would n't have western civilization without ancient greece , but i do n't see anyone making a fuss about this being an olympian ( as in the gods ) continent . 
  as for the scandinavians , the faith of their ancestors is just as much norse mythology , which is objectively way cooler than christianity . 
  but again , nobody 's crying over our civilization being based in odinic ( or whatever you want to call it ) values . 
   christianity 's influence was positive as well as negative no doubt , but large parts of europe ( read : northern and eastern ) are more secular than anything else , and the often quoted `` european values '' are not christian values , but those of the enlightenment . 
  they are the result of a struggle against christian authority . 
  there 's a big difference between the catholic church and catholics . 
  mussolini only came to power on the vatican 's coattails , who in return got to be it 's own country . 
  they supported franco 's military efforts and called on german catholics to support hitler after the wretched treaty they made with him . 
  they could have excommunicated him instead , at least during game the course of the war , but they have n't done so to this day . 
  this is true for all catholic nazi leaders except goebbels ( who was excommunicated for marrying a protestant , because , as christopher hitchens put it , `` we do have principles , ladies and gentlemen ) . 
  during the war , catholic priests operated death camps in croatia for the catholic fascist usta\u0161e , and after the war , the vatican got leading nazi war criminals to safety . 
  they also kept supporting that most enduring of fascists , franco . 
  as for antisemitism , european antisemitism differs from the arabian variety which is a relatively new phenomenon and tied to the israel/palestine situation . 
  the catholic church not only orchestrated yearly anti-jewish pogroms for at least 1500 years . 
  their policies of exempting jews from most professions are also the source of most common antisemitic stereotypes . 
  the idea that every jew had inherited the guilt for the crime of deicide was official church doctrine until 1965 . 
  that 's right , it took the vatican 20 years after the holocaust ( and the last official prayers in the vatican for hitler 's welfare on his birthday in 1945 ) to acknowledge that a baby born to jewish parents in the sixties was not guilty of killing jesus . 
  one can debate the vatican 's actions versus that of courageous individual priests who stood up against fascism ( and often enough lost the support and shelter of their church in return ) . 
  but without 1500 years of propaganda ( add to that luther , who titled his last book `` the jews and their lies '' ) and practice in hate crimes , it is very unlikely that modern european antisemitism would have developed and been as popular . 
  not for europe . 
  we have only had a handful of powerful christian churches for most of our history . 
  not a christian continent . 
  did n't you read right past that ? 
   this quote has never been verified , however , and is most likely an urban legend l\u00fcbke was a mostly unremarkable president , but he 's certainly not the country 's biggest shame . 
  [ take your pick ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/search?q=kissinger&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all ), 
  i meant to say that despite the drone strikes , and despite it being premature , obama is far , far from being one of the worst candidates . 
  he did manage to mostly pull out of two wars , normalized relations to cuba , and is likely to do so with iran as well . 
  just those last two are great achievements in terms of international peace . 
  those soldiers should just learn to not rely on the nanny state so much and make their own bullets . 
  participatie maatschappij and all ( i probably misspelled that ) . 
  not the one for henry `` i assassinate democratically elected heads of states to establish fascist dictatorships '' kissinger ? 
  granted , it does n't roll of the tongue as easily . 
  speaking of which , i really liked england 's performance last year . 
  not really # 1 though , no ? 
  eurovision song contest ? 
   i think it would be beneficial to the mental health of everyone if you made that clear the next time you say this . 
  you might overestimate the impact of my writing , but thanks for the praise . 
  me expected to save reddit 's mental health , i feel like a premature nobel peace prize winner . 
  anyway , they 're very vocal in threads like these , so it seems sufficiently clear who i mean . 
  [ like this shit right here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hn6j5/antiimmigration_party_swedish_democrats_biggest/cu9iubl?context=3 ), 
  great , here we go again . 
  i 've addressed my black-and-white thinking in my other response to you . 
  i mostly agree with this post of yours . 
  on pegida being localized , i disagree . 
  it 's a typical decentralized movement like occupy - barely a clear leading structure , many proverbial cooks , but `` franchises '' in many major cities and even other countries . 
   but that 's not a blank cheque to dismiss any or even most criticism of the current immigration policies and handling of the crisis , or even rejection of islam ( as a severely malignant form of institutionalized superstition ) , as irrational racism . 
  i fully agree . 
  i think some current immigration policies need to change , too . 
  when i say anti-immigration activists , i mean the folks who make that their main political agenda . 
  he ones that suggest that all or most of our countries ' problems are due to immigration and can be solved by getting rid of all the muslims . 
  and that is , sadly , the rhethoric of many of the european right-wing populist parties , as well as pegida et al. 
  maybe i 've been too broad in my statements here , because i 'm still under the impression of users suggesting breeding policies and equating immigration to genocide , a few days ago , on this subreddit , highly upvoted . 
  what i find interesting , is that the followers of those parties are more often than not not affected by immigration , and they are arguably much more affected by other political issues that get overshadowed by the immigration topic . 
  geert wilders is the prime example of this . 
  he and his party pursue neoliberal economic policy , but they do n't talk about it . 
  their voters on the other hand , when asked in polls , tend to perceive the party as much more left in economic questions than it actually is . 
  i 'm not saying this is some brilliant conspiracy , but these parties get elected for their populist policies and shoe-horn a lot of other stuff in that could hurt most of their voters . 
   / u/steppdeckenwolf participates in the same kind of denial , repeatedly clinging to the expressed belief that all of this anti immigration sentiment is only against `` brown people '' , by fringe groups such as racists no , i 'm saying that the anti-immigration sentiment is rooted in racism . 
  people cry about being overrun by foreigners and islam taking over in cities like dresden that have like three muslims living there . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  for all i care call it xenophobia , not racism . 
  ( edit : i 'll add the caveat that this is of course colored by my perception of the comments i read as well as those that speak for anti-immigration groups ike pegida . 
  but i honestly believe that describing immigrants as `` dirty cattle '' , as the pegida leader did on facebook to much applause does n't leave a whole lot of room for interpretation . 
  sooner or later , or when people think they 're safe , it always comes down to overtly racist statements , like when a german satire show interviewed protestors disguised as russia today reporters - ) and racists are n't a fringe group . 
  they do n't have a club house , they 're not a uniform movement , but you find them in all social settings . 
  it 's more subtle these days , but there are enough current studies that for example show that an application is less likely to get an invitation to a job interview if the applicant 's name suggests they 're black ( us ) or turkish ( germany ) , all else being equal . 
  same with court sentences . 
  our societies are deeply racist , racists just talk about it less openly , less often than a few decades ago . 
  the problem are people that judge entire groups ( and often unrelated nationalities or religious groups ) by isolated incidents like that . 
  that 's like judging all swedes based on the sd leaders , which i 'm sure those leaders would n't like . 
  see , to me that 's the common cop-out of people who want to reaffirm their own self-belief . 
  it 's easy when you can just mull with people with the same belief and go on about how everybody on the other side does n't have any real argument , so they resort to calling you racist . 
  yet that never happens . 
  do you have any example of somebody being called racist that was n't inherently racist ? 
  racism is very real and socially acceptable , it 's not something that 's i vented by the media . 
  any examples of non-racist anti-immigration activists ? 
  it always seems to come down to something like `` brown people commit more crimes '' . 
  for that matter , show me someone who argues for limiting immigration and actually means immigration in general and not certain groups of immigrants . 
  fair enough . 
  overt violence , maybe . 
  beliefs , no . 
  i 'm on mobile , but a short search will give you the studies . 
  antisemitic attitudes permeate all socio-demographic groups at least in germany and a few other countries . 
  still a minority , but not limited to muslims or the poor or less educated . 
  does claiming that all european muslims are actively pursuing a new jewish genocide also make sense in your opinion ? 
  because that is what this politician tweeted . 
  you tell me how that tweet is discussing controversial issues ?
