  it has nothing to do with the eu , has about twice as many members and its judgment is an impartial one . 
  it is mostly concerned with ensuring human rights and peace , more similar to the un than the eu in that sense , which makes its rulings very meaningful in this situation . 
  in short : if mentions of the council of europe fuel your dislike for the eu , then maybe you do n't know enough about european politics to make an informed decision . 
  it was . 
  sadly the same courtesy is rare when `` eyewitnesses '' `` reportedly '' hear someone shout `` allahu akbar '' . 
  like with the ethnically german mentally ill man who stabbed someone in a small town train station * near * munich a few months ago . 
  half the world probably still believes he was an isis agent , thanks to the efforts of the yellow press and the good people of / r/the _ dipshit . 
  it is what the far right does all over europe . 
  this reminds me of dutch mep and , as we should always refer to him , vote fraudster marcel de graaf from the dutch freedom party ( pvv ) . 
  he went on a rant in the european parliament a few months ago about how there were `` rapes in every city '' in the netherlands ever since they had accepted refugees . 
  never mind that not even all cities were housing refugees at the time , but this was of course entirely made up . 
  oh yeah , i bet `` they '' are just incredibly happy someone got killed . 
  your comment , that is . 
  how are you not getting that this is a completely different conversation than the one you intervened in ? 
  how is this related at all to the human rights that all residents of our countries luckily enjoy ? 
  the comment i replied to originally implies that `` something '' should be done about the fears in the population , but there is very little that you can do singling out one religious group that would not infringe on human rights . 
   because they really are n't universal . 
  they very much are here . 
  so they also apply to anyone , period . 
  that does n't have any bearing on their right to enjoy human rights . 
  the comment i replied to said that nothing was done about the concern of citizens against one particular societal group , which implies exactly that , because there is little to nothing you could do to kick out or refuse people entry based on religion without violating their basic , inalienable rights . 
  what does that have to do with the human rights of anyone , including muslims , living in democratic rule-of-law countries ? 
  there is very little difference between those years . 
  2014 was before large numbers of muslim refugees arrived in most of these countries . 
  you ever consider that just like those hugely overestimated perceived numbers , there might be perceived problems as well ? 
  luckily , human rights are not subject to the sways of public opinion . 
  so brexiters want to leave the eea to avoid any of the obligations that come with it , while at the same negotiating that magical trade agreement that allows them equal access to the single market ? 
  i do n't get how someone can believe that will happen , when switzerland and norway had to agree to freedom of movement etc for getting access without the incredibly loaded starting positions of this scenario . 
  the eu will always have conditions for access to the single market , and it will certainly not show other members that leaving gets you special treatment . 
   i was under the impression they only covered in a footnote . 
  that 's entirely possible , of course . 
  the fervent , detailed counter-arguing on / r/turkey leads me to believe otherwise . 
  to clarify , i meant this is taught in turkey , and i assume it 's taught with the debunking the genocide frame that i described , which would make it very hard to question and overcome that misinformation later on . 
  think perceiving people that call it a genocide the same way most of us heard of holocaust deniers or young earth creationists : with a fair amount of ridicule and the unquestioned ex-ante judgment that they are wrong . 
  now we can seek out their arguments deliberately and decide for ourselves that they 're bullshit , but it would take a lot to change such a view , especially when you genuinely believe that all contrary information has a nationalistic bias against your country . 
  but the uk 's democratically elected government decided sovereignly to become part of the single market with its rules , probably because that was a better deal . 
  any trade agreement means loss of control , sovereignty if you will , to some extent , as the trade partner gets a say in standards . 
  whose life would that be ? 
  because judging from pretty much any international quality of life index , germans are incredibly well off . 
  pack up your things and take it from this random redditor , folks : the head of government of the world 's fourth-largest economy is powerless . 
  except eu membership is not `` surrendering sovereignty '' to some outside entity . 
  eu decisions for the most part are joint decisions by the 28 heads of state . 
  european council decisions still require unanimity , and countries can opt out of treaties or part of treaties . 
  the parliament is directly elected , the commissioners are appointed by the national governments , and the council consists of the national governments ' ministers . 
  it 's not some dubious foreign monarch . 
  whenever a head of state blames `` brussels '' for something , they really mean themselves . 
  the uk is just reaping the effects of a long-standing tradition of pm 's shifting blame to brussels for the unpopular decisions they agreed to , but did n't want to have to justify at home . 
  this is absolutely wrong . 
  the uk had a say in every eu decision and can and does opt of the ones it does n't like . 
  exactly , this is taught in school . 
  now , if it 's taught ` well ' , i.e. 
  including mentions of a ` controversial ' genocide label , arguments for that and counter-arguments debunking those , it will be really hard to move past that . 
  at least that 's what i 'm thinking judging from some of my own deep-seated beliefs that are partly rooted in my high school education . 
  i 'm genuinely scared about what 's next . 
  after making us finally acknowledge the holocaust yesterday , what will be his next demands ? 
  accept the existence of gravity or evolution ? 
  stop the madman now !, 
  on what do you base that assumption ? 
  genuinely interested if you have data to suggest that . 
  edit : of -  if, 
  do you disagree that the starting positions for the uk and nl in terms of public opinion and feelings of european citizenship etc are and have always been vastly different , though ? 
  that was my point . 
  also , while i agree that cameron 's move was a miscalculation and selfishly motivated - this lovely [ rant ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/may/29/eu-referendum-parliament-leaders-david-cameron-david-mitchell ) by david mitchell touches on that in a somewhat entertaining fashion - i also think that the remain campaign can still win , if they manage to mobilize young voters who for now seem oddly complacent yet quite invested in remaining . 
  sp does not want to leave the eu , they want to reform it and take mostly budgetary powers back on a national level . 
  i do n't think you 're right about the referendum . 
  the dutch love to travel around europe , and the anti-eu sentiment is far less deeply rooted than in the uk . 
  they know they depend on trade . 
  and finally , 70 % of the population say that the netherlands ' eu membership is a good thing , according to the latest parlemeter ( european parliament eurobarometer ) , which puts nl at the 4th highest approval rating among the 28 member states . 
  i like how you got downvoted for stating a preference for facts over people 's personal precious echo chamber emotions . 
  do n't take it personal , that is the state of this subreddit . 
  geert wilders is leading in the polls made by this one guy whose polls are always wrong , at least the last time i checked a few weeks ago . 
  the netherlands is one of the least likely candidates to want to leave . 
  not really : http://www.armenian-genocide.org/recognition_countries.html, 
  not that many : http://www.armenian-genocide.org/recognition_countries.html eu yes , but not a whole lot of countries overall . 
  definitely about time , though . 
  this was your claim :  an undeniable correlation between illegal immigration towards germany and steep rise in ( sexual ) crime rate there ? 
  your links do not address either part of that claim ( the `` steep rise '' in overall crime nor the `` undeniable correlation '' ) at all . 
  my link provides evidence to the contrary . 
  what about that are you not understanding ? 
  your quote is about an increase in * absolute * immigrant crime , which is something entirely different from what you claimed earlier : that migrants account for an absolute and * disproportional * rise in * overall * crime . 
  there are many more immigrants , so of course there will be more immigrant crime . 
  here is a breakdown of what i mean : http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/may/11/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-germany-now-riddled-crime-thanks/ your 80 % increase stands against a 440 % increase in immigrants , so if anything there is much less immigrant crime than should be expected . 
  the number of migrant crime has increased at a much lower rate than the number of immigrants in germany , meaning that the new immigrants are in fact much less likely to commit crimes than any other immigrants before them . 
  as i said before , the average german citizen is actually more likely to commit a crime than the average foreign resident . 
  so how about you stop being all high and mighty just because you do n't understand proportionality ? 
  your links do not at all give credence to your original claim , there even completely unrelated . 
  you have presented no evidence of a ) a sharp rise in crime in germany that is not explained by the increase in population alone and b ) that immigrants are disproportionally responsible for that claim . 
  you say i pluck my ears , but i 'm just sticking to the facts here . 
  you 're the one who 's grasping at straws to uphold their claim that you do n't even realize your `` proof '' is addressing something entirely different than your original claim . 
  i 'm saying german police statistics say you 're wrong . 
  there 's nothing else for me to find . 
  if you 're making a ridiculous claim like that of a massive rise in crime in germany , you have to proof it or gtfo . 
  way to miss the point . 
  acknowledging that western intervention and industrial exploitation of * everyone 's * limited resources have hit some regions of the earth much , much harder than others is the first step to not vilify those fleeing those conditions . 
  yes , i 'm responsible , and you are too , but i see these people as humans with exactly the same entitlement to a good life , whereas you are all upset that they 're gon na come and slightly inconvenience your lifestyle that you 've earned by the sheer luck of being born in the right place . 
   although a better case can be made that hose people can better be helped near their country and not spending millions accommodating them in our countries . 
  that 's exactly what i wrote . 
  where have i been saying it 's awesome ? 
  discouraging it is a great idea , and the only way to do that would be to stop fucking up everybody else 's living conditions . 
  the main reason for the current refugee wave are the us 's war in iraq , which to be fair is also the uk 's and poland 's war , which makes it funny enough that those two countries are so busy being xenophobic and unempathetic to the refugees .
