  bit late , the us already did that along with the rest of the country . 
  why not do like the dutch ? 
  the palace in amsterdam is used to host guests and formal events , but open to visitors when the royal family is not there ( which i believe is most of the year ) . 
  or is that already the case ? 
  nah , we usually brag about our economy and then make fun of the french ( in a totally loving way ) . 
  since we 're talking `` in priniciple '' , i think it 's fair to answer that by referring to an ideal version of representative democracy . 
  in representative democracies , the sovereign ( all citizens ) pays people to ponder , research , argue about , and decide legislation . 
  each and every one of those people work more than full time , usually focus on highly specified policy fields , and have highly trained staff helping and advising them . 
  in an ideal direct democracy , all citizens would be highly interested in politics and rationally and fairly weigh the arguments for and against every single decision . 
  they would also do so while fairly taking into account the interests of future generations over their own short-term interests . 
  and of course some kind of civil deliberation about policy that is equally open to everyone would have to take place . 
  my point is that even if that ideal scenario were possible , none of us would be able to be as well-informed ( and therefore make as informed decisions ) as representatives , because we 'd all have at least 40 hours/week less time to do their job . 
  in that sense , it 's good to rely on representatives for the same reason you rely on hairdressers , doctors , pilots and so on . 
  because ai n't nobody got time to learn and do all that by themselves . 
  delegation and division of labor is necessary in a modern society , and representative democracy is a luxury . 
  one that is kept in check not only by elections and the press , but by other highly specialized branches of government . 
  rent the palace out to some of those new super-rich from dubai etc. , you 'll make that money back in no time . 
  this may be completely different for british republicans , but for me it 's that i find the idea of aristocracy - i.e. 
  some people having a higher/particular social station because of their birth - disturbing . 
  at the same time i think that the european monarchies of today are very useful to their countries and i see that they are more state servants than anything else . 
  still , having grown up in a republic , the idea of an aristocratic class is strange to me , and maybe that 's how your republicans feel , too . 
  it 's certainly the process of european integration that has made the countries such close partners , but i do n't think anyone would seriously claim that the french-german enmity could ever make a comeback . 
  the relationship is forever changed and it 's not the eu that 's keeping it that way these days , but the evolved close relationship that exists on top of eu obligations and cooperation . 
  which actions ? 
  less than what ? 
  not having anything to do with the situation ? 
  sounds like the president 's office ( ! = the president ) asked for the opposite of what happened . 
  and the article merely quotes the organizers as saying that someone made these demands without naming names . 
  she did n't . 
  the article quotes the president 's office as saying that they merely asked for a table for her to be reserved ( as in , save a seat for her , not any peculiarities about protocol and porcelain ) and that she get to sit with survivors . 
  so they actually asked for the opposite of what happened . 
  she 's also not his wife . 
  and i doubt she gets to decide what the administrative staff in the president 's office organize . 
  but hey , i 'm happy everyone got some outrage out of this . 
  actually , the article states almost the opposite : that the presidential office merely asked for a table to be reserved and that she be placed * with * survivors . 
  so there 's really no indication that they are the ones who made the protocol demands . 
  if you look up quickly you may still see that one flying right over your head . 
   a racist , warmongering state because everybody knows that if israel had n't been such a mean old warmongerer , all its neighbors would have just been delighted to peacefully coexist . 
  / s anyway , i 'll bite . 
  can you name any of these aggressive wars israel has apparently started ( which would be the definition of warmongering ) ? 
  [ because ~ ~ all ~ ~ most wars israel has been involved in either started with invasions by neighboring states or paramilitaries , or were reactions to intensified week-long rocket attacks , abductions , and similar terrorist activities . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_israel ) that 's right , * intensified week-long * attacks , because israel usually does not retaliate to the rocket fire it is constantly under . 
  that 's how warmongering that country is . 
  i 'm not a fan of their latest governments , but that 's no reason for hyperbole . 
  i do n't think any other country would act differently in their position . 
  the settlements are a violation of international law , but so were all the invasions by egypt , syria etc. 
  the living conditions in gaza are terrible , but they are a result of israel trying to weaken the weapons shipments to gaza . 
  if that reaction is justified or useful is open to discussion , but crossing and trading across the border used to be much easier , and israel did not make it harder just to mess with people . 
  edit : i stand corrected , the six-day war was started by israel . 
  puppet , not so much . 
  not very eager to get involved in policy directly opposing the current israeli government , maybe . 
  german politicians do , however , routinely criticize the settlements and confront israel government politicians about it . 
  in fact , our foreign ministers have done so on state visits , so it 's the official line of the german government . 
  people like to claim that you ca n't openly criticize israel without being called an anti-semite . 
  given that german media are particularly critical of israel * and that our government officially criticizes israeli policy all the time , these accusations are unfounded . 
  they are more likely the result of actual anti-semites not realizing that comparing a country 's entire population to the nazis and criticizing a national government 's policy are two very different things . 
  * link embedding is not working for me right now , so here 's a source in german : www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2014-08/israel-medien-kritik, 
  george v wins in terms of beard game . 
  he 's like , `` mustaches are so 1909 . '', 
  may i mention , just as an aside and without any second thoughts , that we do have a lot of democracy and very little oil ? 
  you 're both relevant to me . 
  nothing like driving through belgium for a trip to france . 
  not enough smiley faces . 
  poland 's been fucked over by its neighbors so many times during the last two centuries , they have a right to mention that . 
  a total dick and right-wing extremist by today 's standards , especially in terms of domestic policy ( kulturkampf , discriminatory policies against political opponents and ethnic minorities , anti-democrat ) . 
  but a brilliant diplomat . 
  the way he bound all major european powers in a complex network of treaties meant that a war within europe was simply not possible . 
  he knew that germany 's economic strength meant that it had a lot of power to wield but also had to show restraint internationally . 
  his vision was a `` saturated '' germany , that is , one that did not seek further territorial expansion . 
  germany would do just fine in europe while the other powers divided africa among themselves . 
  in theory , this situation should have appeased the uk , who were interested in a balance of power on the continent , and given everyone else no incentive to try and change the current situation . 
  except of course france , which had no hopes of winning a war because it was diplomatically isolated . 
  wilhelm ii not renewing most of these treaties was a prerequisite for ww1 . 
  i personally think that german unification would have happened without him , too . 
  the shared german culture was already there and german nationalism was a thing ever since napoleon . 
  as much as i want to dislike the man , i think we could learn a thing or two for germany 's current situation within europe . 
  that is , accept that the country 's powerful position comes with some responsibility to lead , but take everyone 's interests into account . 
  in a less machiavellian way than bismarck , and in the spirit of european integration instead . 
   you could attribute all those bismarck quotes to hitler instead - no one would notice the change , everyone would then agree that hitler was a horrible , evil monster . 
  that 's obviously bullshit , because bismarck 's foreign policy directive was that of a saturated germany : no expansion , no colonies , no ` lebensraum ' , but peace treaties and stable power relations . 
  but sure , let 's try misattributing some bismarck quotes . 
  how about pragmatic pacifism :  your map of africa is really quite nice . 
  but my map of africa lies in europe . 
  here is russia , and here ... is france , and we 're in the middle -- that 's my map of africa . 
   preventive war is like committing suicide for fear of death . 
  he could have said that to wilhelm ii or hitler . 
  but neither of those vain fools would have said anything like that . 
  quite the opposite , the entire realm vanishing in a blaze of glory was preferable to a status quo peace to them . 
  also , a testament to his foresight and the reasoning for seeking stable relations with the other powers and a saturated nation :  europe today is a powder keg and the leaders are like men smoking in an arsenal ... a single spark will set off an explosion that will consume us all ... i can not tell you when that explosion will occur , but i can tell you where ... some damned foolish thing in the balkans will set it off . 
  the man feared wars and did not want further wars , seeing the three he fought as forced upon him or necessary for unification . 
  not that that 's necessarily true , but he was realpolitik through and through and certainly did n't care for world domination or ethnic dominance of europe . 
  seriously , i 'll laugh at any good dead baby joke , but i ca n't laugh at holocaust jokes . 
  that 's my personal line of `` do n't joke about that '' , and i know that many germans feel the same way . 
  i think it 's a result of how most of us have been confronted with and forced to think about that a lot . 
  it 's been re-educated out of us all right , and i think that 's a good thing . 
  does n't mean anyone else should care about that specific sensibility , of course . 
  everyone has their personal no-joke topics . 
  i just mean to say that no , most germans do not joke about the holocaust ( or jewish stereotypes for that matter ) , and those who do so in bad taste will have a bad time socially and professionally . 
  to be fair , the 1864 war was a result of denmark violating a previous treaty , the london protocol , by putting down a constitution for slesvig . 
  imo that forced bismarck 's hand , and i think that was a calculated risk fueled by confidence that prussia could be defeated a second time .
