  new ideas like religious discrimination . 
  brilliantly new . 
  god , you 're like a child in denial in all these comments below . 
  `` no no no no no ... 
  how is it relevant who said it . 
  she 's a member of the board of that party , wanting to have children shot and having several other party members coming to her defense . 
  they already ponder to him and take his cash . 
  edit : downvote all you like , it remains [ a fact ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/europe-s-east/news/national-front-s-russian-loans-cause-uproar-in-european-parliament/ ), 
  someone asked storch on facebook if she also would shoot at unarmed mothers and children at the border , to which her entire response was `` yes . '', 
  you can look that up , there are enough articles with the screenshot around , and she 's published a statement about it herself . 
  as for `` completely normal and sane opinion '' , there was quite a bit of a legal debate , and certainly no clear answer , because german police ( which the border guards are ) are only allowed to shoot someone if they are in the process of causing serious harm to someone , or can reasonably be expected to do so in the future if not stopped . 
  while there are some special rules for the border police , the legal experts writing about this issue come to different conclusions on whether these include shooting someone unarmed , with the majority seeming to lean towards probably not . 
  it definitely does not include shooting children , obviously , because human rights , and because that should be obvious to anyone but insane fascists . 
  edit : example link to read about the crazy woman : https://euobserver.com/migration/132100 . 
  her excuse was that she slipped on her mouse , by the way . 
  you ca n't make that shit up . 
  fun facts : she 's the granddaughter of hitler 's finance minister and a high-ranking ss dude , got into politics to get back land stolen by nazi families and taken from them by the soviets , and is currently facing legal trouble for stealing donations to her own charity for personal use . 
  all around a woman of the people . 
  the point is that the afd 's policies are very different than the cdu 's 10 years ago ( or ever ) , unlike what the op claims . 
  the number of muslim-majority countries that actually have sharia is also low , especially if you look at the more populated countries . 
  so quite evidently most muslims do n't blindly follow the quran by the letter . 
  first of all , no true scotsman . 
  second , if you were right , the majority of countries on earth , including the entire west could not be functioning democracies . 
  they are , so it seems possible for most believers to think about their scripture for themselves . 
  no they were n't , see my other reply . 
  i named my sources , the politicians themselves who literally said or wrote that and doubled down when they were asked if they really meant it that way . 
  what are yours ? 
  i did n't answer your question because of your condescending tone . 
  but no , i think any government fucking with the checks and balances is in the wrong and would not support it . 
  that * is * infringing on your basic democratic rights by limiting the power of the legal branch and by extension the opposition , by making it possible for the government to pass unconstitutional legislation and thereby by extension potentially making it harder to elect them out of office again . 
  they 're messing with the basic working mechanisms of your democracy . 
  if that is n't infringing freedoms , i do n't know what is . 
  that 's also the thing the eu , the neutral council of europe , and many of your allies are concerned about , not that the governing party is right-wing . 
  then there 's the whole control and of the public media including firing and intimidation , which is a whole other bag . 
  i like how you do n't care about the balance of powers . 
  objecting fascism is just a very basic requirement for democracy to work . 
  you ca n't be a fascist and a democrat . 
  you can be a muslim and a democrat . 
  please provide a source about how the cdu spewed racial theory ( h\u00f6cke , and half the party defended him ) , called immigrants `` social sediment '' ( lucke ) , threatened to line political opponents up for shooting ( augusti ) , planned to have border guards kill unarmed civilians including children ( petry , pretzell , storch ) , advocated to discriminate one specific religion , thereby violating the constitution ( party program ) or declared climate change a lie - ten years ago . 
  or admit you 're full of shit . 
  edit : a downvote but no reply , of course . 
  so you * do * admit you 're full of shit . 
  bravo . 
  and some erosion of the balance of powers and basic freedoms , eh ? 
  the not-entirely-serious implication was that those people seem like they spend most of their day in front of their computers , being angry . 
  that tends to change toward the evening ( europe ) , when normal europeans come home from work to outweigh the crazies , and the donald brigade is in bed . 
  your comment has literally nothing to do with the topic of the article . 
  it did n't , you just did n't read the article . 
  stop getting your news from headlines , the world will seem like a much saner place . 
  you 're certainly making a laughing stock of yourself with this hyperbolic bullshit . 
  did n't you get the news that we mail-ordered all the refugees ? 
  the headline is incredibly misleading . 
  basically this does n't mean anything , and it only concerns the comedian himself . 
  i believe my `` what 's with the austrian flag ? '', 
  on a latvian colleague 's photo of herself and a latvian flag qualifies . 
  the swiss do n't take the time to offend germans , they just kick those no-good job-stealing immigrants out of the country . 
  no point wasting time when there 's money to launder . 
  offending germans and austrians at once . 
  that 's so efficient , i do n't believe you 're not german . 
  just out of curiosity , what exactly happened in cologne , in your opinion ? 
  itt : people who do n't understand shit implying that this money is just given to refugees directly . 
  nope , you 're confusing the monarchy - republic and democracy - autocracy dimensions . 
  all monarchies are * real * monarchies , because that 's a binary thing , no matter how much power the monarch has . 
  all the most progressive countries in europe are monarchies , i do n't quite see your point ? 
  witnesses say . 
  that 's been the case a few times , where it later turned out that that was n't the case at all . 
  tight now , police do not assume a political motive , but drug abuse . 
  no , that 's a survey of * italians * , so i assume the sample is representative of the national population , and consequently contains very few south tyroleans . 
  that 's beside the point , though . 
  if south tyrol wants independence or join austria today , they can and will make efforts toward that end . 
  but i am not aware of any referendum campaigns there . 
  there 's a pretty good proxy for how important the issue of independence is to south tyroleans : the fact that there 's a one-issue party that wants exactly that . 
  they got around 7 % of the vote in the last elections . 
  so it seems , the vast majority of south tyrolean voters are just fine with the way things are and what the svp are doing . 
  well , yes , the schuman declaration was made on may 9 , 1950 , which europe day is the anniversary of . 
  am i understanding you right , that you mean schuman picked that day deliberately ? 
  because i could n't really find a source to suggest that , and it seems a bit arbitrary , considering that fighting went on for a few more weeks in eastern and central europe even after the formal surrender of the wehrmacht on may 8/9 . 
  i have to agree with the other user though , i doubt estonia would have fared better under nazi rule than it did under stalin . 
  well yeah , with only 366 options , a lot of historical shit is bound to have happened on the same dates . 
  some good shit and some bad shit . 
  if a friend of yours had their birthday today , would you not go to their party ? 
  so the reason the dutch are so tall is just instilling unrealistic expectations in your kids , knowing that they can never reach them . 
  it 's like stereotypical chinese tiger mom parenting , but for growing superhumans . 
  why did n't we germans think of that !, 
  you posted two links about the same survey that asked all austrians . 
  that 's fine , but i was talking about the two tyrols . 
  and arguably , it 's the opinion of south tyrol , that 's important here . 
  edit : know a bunch , but that does n't really matter . 
  i do n't mean to discount your opinion , and you do have a point when you write why the current situation works . 
  i just think it does n't counter the argument you were responding to , about whether or not strache is using tyrol . 
  if there had been a renewed debate in south tyrol on this , international politicians would be expected to comment . 
  like this , it 's just dragging up other people 's shit to distract from your own . 
  it 's what populists do . 
  so you generalized some unnamed israeli officials ( who might well not be jewish ) and one rabbi into `` jews '' in your submission title . 
  your headline reads as if that 's the concensus and opinion of all jews , everywhere . 
  an interpretation that seems to be popular among commenters in this thread right there . 
  that 's some neat antisemitic mind-gymnastics right there . 
  oh , some guy from a third country is `` pretty sure '' that the two actually involved populations want it . 
  reunification it is , then !, 
  fyi , south tyrol is in a pretty sweet autonomous position , they 'd give up a lot of independence by joining austria .
