  gtfo with your strawmen . 
  you know , if you 're quoting something , you should let us know what it is . 
  not doubting you out of principle , but without that it 's just you claiming stuff . 
  how does this in any way support the idea that those christians hold `` liberal and peaceful views '' , you know , the assertion i replied to ? 
  what does their persecution have to do with the assertion that they supposedly hold `` liberal and peaceful views '' ? 
  that was the only thing i was debating here . 
  you must not have been to / r/turkey then . 
  oh right , the old `` germany is so ~ ~ on ~ ~ dangerous '' bs , even though crime is down . 
  `` delusional racist authoritarian conspiracy nuts '' would have been the most accurate , but is too long and would have triggered parts of this sub . 
  that they do their job in observing groups that openly plan to undermine the constitutional order ? 
  it 's not even an opinion - it 's pretty hard to argue that 's not objective fact when looking at their publications . 
   they might want to read up on that . 
  they do n't , because it would threaten their retarded bubble . 
  they 're like a real-life / r/worldnews . 
  uh , egyptian christians and muslims , just as an example , do n't differ widely in their values . 
  not surprising when they grow up in the same society . 
  there 's lots of ass-backwards christians in the world . 
  how do you explain that the european parliament as well as several national parliaments have had special sessions on the persecutions of christians in the world then ? 
  or are you just very badly informed on the topics you spout your opinion about ? 
  just wondering , do you consider yourself european for the purpose of this post or is that more of a fluid self-concept depending on the topic ? 
  are you trying to imply islamophobia is a rare thing ? 
  and since you discriminate against muslims by making such blanket statements , discriminating you and all other czech citizens is suddenly a-okay . 
  that 's some sweet logic !, 
  i mean , considering there 's no such thing as race in human beings , biologically speaking , the word has to stand for something else . 
  it 's a fossil from a much more racist time with very unscientific science on ethnicity . 
  your list is foot-in-mouth idiot , controversial borderline racist , somewhat colorless administrator ? 
  no wonder they did n't stand a chance . 
  although merz and wulff could have been leadership material with a bit of luck and a weaker merkel . 
  i think she just did a better job at reconciling the very conservative parts of the party with the present than anyone else , and that 's why she became so strong . 
   merkel invited citation needed  dismantling the dublin agreement nobody did that . 
  read up on the dublin agreement 's sovereignty clause to understand why you 're wrong about that . 
  no , your point does n't stand . 
  get your head around it : to apply , you have to be in the country . 
  and many asylum cases , e.g. 
  from afghanistan , are n't as clear-cut as you pretend . 
  asylum law \u2260 refugee convention . 
  get your facts straight . 
  also turkey being a safe country , particularly for kurdish , christian or certain minority muslim refugees is highly questionable . 
  it seems you do n't know what a refugee is and what asylum means , `` like , literally '' . 
  so apart from not getting the difference between a procedure and the outcome of that procedure , you do n't even know what asylum means , but you 're giving grand lectures ? 
  asylum is exclusively for people who are politically or otherwise persecuted . 
  so yes , literally anyone has the right to apply for that , because that happens all across the globe . 
  but refugees do not fall under those rules , so they do n't strictly apply for * asylum * . 
  they can apply for * refugee status * which is an entirely different thing . 
  if you 're going to lecture people in such an arrogant manner , you should at least know what the words you use mean . 
  link shows an empty page on mobile for me . 
  the hell are you on about ? 
  every single person on this planet has the right to * apply * for asylum and refugee status in countries that ratified the corresponding agreements . 
  how do you not get that ? 
  the host countries evaluate those applications and not every one is granted . 
  are you only allowed to sue someone if the court already decides beforehand you 're winning ? 
  that obviously twisted logic is what you 're applying here . 
  eu counties make it so you can only apply inside the country , thus forcing legitimate refugees and asylum seekers to cross the border to do so . 
   the rules of the dublin accord have been broken by certain states please name a single country that has done so . 
  but you might want to look up the sovereignty clause of the dublin agreement before , which you 're apparently unaware of . 
  til citing the facts of the law is `` bs '' and warrants downvotes . 
  carry on then . 
  what percentage had the * right * to apply for asylum , though ? 
  and where do you have to be to be able to apply for asylum ? 
  wow , lots of people upvoted you for posting an empty page . 
  makes me think those people are n't actually interested in the facts and just upvoted you for their feels . 
  never mind , i know the numbers you meant to link . 
  and what percentage of those had the * right * to apply for asylum ? 
  spoiler alert , it 's 100 % . 
  hungary wants to take that * human right * away from everyone . 
  bravo . 
  since the application is only possible after entering the eu , you 're proposing to refuse the chance to apply to everyone because not all applications will be granted . 
  you propose to let the vast number of people that are entitled to help because they are otherwise at risk for their lives just take their chances , guaranteeing tens of thousands of deaths ? 
  also , your argument is constructed the wrong way . 
  since there 's basically no legal way to apply for asylum from outside the eu , you have to become an illegal immigrant to do so . 
  how would that `` orderly manner '' go , considering there 's no legal way to apply for asylum from outside the eu and no legal way to enter for these people ? 
  i only meant to refer to europe in the `` still is to some extent '' part . 
  but that 's not how i wrote it . 
  my bad . 
  so like europe and the us for most of their history and realistically still today when you look at surveys ? 
  he 's going to build a fence . 
  it 's going to be so great . 
  and serbia will pay for it !, 
  source ? 
  the racist circlejerk currently mascerading as politics in the v4 countries certainly does n't make that disticinction , instead opting for the old oriental terror scare . 
  so instead of blaming `` liberals '' ( whatever the fuck that is supposed to mean in the european political contexts where we use words with their actual meaning ) , you should probably blame racist populists . 
  why would you blame two countries which did not start ww1 for it ? 
  can you cite relevant contemporary historians that would agree with that view ? 
  because , you know , basically no one does . 
   hungary has done more to european stability in the last year alone than germany/sweden has . 
  taking money , letting us handle * their * refugees and not doing their share in the union 's collective challenges ? 
  all the while spreading misinformation ? 
  yeah , pretty damn stellar record for this proto-dictator who publicly dreams of abolishing liberal democracy . 
  maybe it should be cause for some soul searching if everyone perceives you like that . 
  i can find religious peoples ' views ridiculous and still stand up for their rights . 
  if you ca n't do that , you have n't understood western democracy . 
  freedom is always the freedom of the one who thinks differently , as rosa luxemburg put it . 
  i 've lived in the netherlands for years , btw , so i 'm not sure which different society you think you live in . 
   someone who ~ ~ wears a burkini ~ ~ does n't believe in religious freedom and wants to control other people 's clothing and play thought police ~ ~ is more likely to also ~ ~ does definitely hold beliefs that are incompatible with our society . 
  there , fixed that for you . 
  how is a woman wearing a headscarf or a burkini infringing on anyone else 's rights ? 
  trump just wants to register all muslims . 
  that 's worse . 
  and how do you arrive at those conclusions ? 
  what is your source for your intricate knowledge of islam and the quran ?
