  on a larger scale , though , it 's not about approving of migration or not . 
  my point is that massive migration will continue to happen as large parts of africa and asia become uninhabitable . 
  and i have a hard time making the argument that those people do n't have every right to come to the west when we are mainly responsible for their dire situation . 
  you do n't have arguments , i take it ? 
  edit : nope , just another downvote . 
  the far-right hate train really does n't like to deal with cognitive dissonance . 
  `` how dare those poor people inconvenience me in the living conditions i never had to work for by not wanting to starve ? 
  '' , basically . 
  can you please provide the statistics showing a `` steep rise in ( sexual ) crime '' that is beyond the actual increase in population size ? 
  because last time i checked , the average german was more likely to commit a crime than the average refugee ( as in , proportional to the size of these groups ) . 
  edit : downvotes , but no statistics . 
  love it . 
  edit 2 : 8 hours later , still no fucking sources to back up the xenophobic fear-mongering . 
  lovely , silly racists . 
  edit 3 : facts , for anyone who cares : http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/may/11/donald-trump/donald-trump-says-germany-now-riddled-crime-thanks/, 
   is it your opinion that the pakistani migrants claiming to be asylum seekers are for the most part persecuted minorities my or your opinion on this luckily does n't matter . 
  that is for the proper application processes to decide . 
  and literally anyone on earth has the right to apply for asylum . 
   is it also your opinion that anyone from anywhere in any country that has any kind of conflict , or poverty , should be eligible for asylum ? 
  you 're reaching a bit with poverty , but as for war and conflict , yes , those are the rules laid out by the geneva convention and asylum laws . 
  and i like rule of law and human rights . 
  as for poverty , hunger , climate migration : that is fundamentally , at least to a large part , the fault of post-industrial , industrial , and emerging economies . 
  we obviously can not shelter everyone who suffers of these conditions in europe , so we , also obviously , need to do something about it . 
  we will not get to eat our proverbial cake , i.e. 
  do nothing about our continued destruction of living conditions elsewhere , and eat it too , i.e. 
  act all surprised and as if it does not concern us when people flee these conditions . 
  you can not * want * to have economic and climate migrants in europe as much as you want , but there is no way to stop that from happening unless we help those suffering the most from our lifestyle , because europe has sea borders ; and you ca n't seal of sea borders without sinking ships and killing people , which , rightfully , is illegal . 
  unknown party ? 
  wtf ? 
  german afd has not only argued that man-made climate change is an ideological hoax , they wrote it in their party program . 
  so following your argument , i do get to call them nutters now , no ? 
   especially those from eritrea , sudan , iran and pakistan and what 's so despicable about that ? 
  especially those from ethiopia , eritrea or sudan are fleeing droughts and hunger . 
  is fleeing certain death for you and your family of starvation somehow less moral than fleeing certain death from war or persecution ? 
  what 's more is that these problems are a direct consequence of of climate change , so their poverty has a lot to do with our luxuries . 
  we imposed all the worst side-effects of globalisation on them without asking . 
  it is only natural that they are now trying to participate in globalisation in their own way , and that 's all economic and climate migration is . 
  a huge problem with the far-right nutters in europe is , that they do n't want any immigrants , but they also refuse to believe in man-made climate change or to do anything about it . 
  you ca n't have it both ways , fuck people elsewhere and then get upset when they flee those conditions . 
  asylum is about people who are persecuted , although the procedures for war refugees are similar . 
  do you know something we do n't about pakistan suddenly not being a dangerous country with sectarian conflicts anymore ? 
  roma are heavily discriminated against in romania , including by officials and the police . 
  they 're also the only ethnic group in europe against which racism is widely accepted , as evidenced by the upvotes for your comment . 
  you probably do n't even realize that `` gypsy '' is a racist slur that had its heyday under the nazi persecution and genocide of these peoples . 
  there 's plenty examples of perfectly normal , integrated , and successful roma ( and sinti , for that matter ) all over europe . 
  those who are begging are probably not doing so because it 's their dream career ever since they went to begging camp and begging university . 
  you said so yourself , they 're being systematically kept out of education . 
  a large part have to live in slums without proper infrastructure because they are forced out of the cities and discriminated against on the housing and job market . 
  every few years , the subject of police brutality against roma in romania comes up in western europe . 
  stop with the victim-blaming , please . 
  edit : i 'm still waiting on a source on those incredibly well-earning beggars you made up . 
  sounds like a good industry to get into . 
  the `` he '' in question is a she , so that shows how informed you are . 
  beatrix von storch , party deputy and mep was asked whether she would also advocate shooting women and children at the border , to which her entire reply was `` yes . '', 
  look it up , there 's enough articles and screenshots documenting it , and she 's since apologized saying she `` slipped on her mouse '' . 
  you ca n't make that shit up . 
  they 're deliberately saying these outrageous things to get press coverage and then backpedal , so they can cry to their followers about how there 's a media witch hunt against them for , like , no reason . 
   i 'll let you know that the childrens represent only 15 % of those immigrants what 's your source for this number ? 
  and are you saying killing unarmed civilian children is permissible if it 's only 15 % of those killed ? 
  at what percentage does killing children become problematic , in your opinion ? 
  by the way , you completely misrepresent the german legal situation . 
  police , which the border guards are , are not allowed to shoot unarmed people if they are n't about to cause serious harm to others . 
  they definitely are not allowed to shoot children . 
   begging all over europe and earning more money then the average german is . 
  i very highly doubt anyone makes more than the average german by begging . 
  citation needed . 
  see , i mostly know romanians and other eastern europeans because they studied with me , taking advantage of the eu membership that way . 
  often enough after learning to speak fluent at german within half a year on top of this.the right brings up the dreaded welfare leeches every other year , yet there is never any evidence that this is actually a problem to any noticeable extent . 
  it 's fear mongering . 
  the general positives and pure economic benefits those fellow students i mentioned bring to their home and host countries as well as the eu as a whole far outweigh any loss due to the welfare migration ( that 's so minuscule it does n't show up in the data ) . 
  immigrants bring far more money in taxes than they cost in both germany and the uk , and that is also and especially true for those nationalities often accused of `` leeching '' . 
  of course they did , but they also had a lot of dumb young party problems . 
  does n't take away the excellent work that julia reda has been doing in the european parliament . 
  did you know that the german far right had exactly these `` concerns '' over croatia 's eu membership a few years ago ? 
  and about romania and bulgaria before that , and poland and the rest of the eu eastern extension before ? 
  it 's always the same `` they 'll take our jerbs '' and `` welfare leech '' rhetoric . 
  i wonder if orb\u00e1n or shitlo and her piss party know that their german allies talked about them the same way they now talk about muslims . 
   why do anti mass immigration parties discredit themselves so badly ? 
  because when you get to the bottom of things , they are exactly the narrow-minded bigots and racists that people from all across the political spectrum call them , no matter how much right-wingers try to frame that as left-wing propaganda . 
  one afd leader has lectured about racial theory , one does n't want black people as neighbors , one wanted to shoot immigrant children at the border . 
  that 's the leadership of this party , it 's their elite , the people ultimately deciding its platform and steering it . 
  most importantly , these disgusting racists are the people the party members elected to lead them . 
  every afd member has to position themselves toward these leaders somehow , and if they do n't criticize them and `` distance themselves '' , we know they 're just as bad . 
  yes , racists , which coincidentally the vast majority of germans do n't want to represent them . 
   but the quran is far worse than the bible i disagree , it does n't match the enthusiasm for genocide in the old testament , including godly instructions how to go about it . 
  that 's subjective anyway . 
  they 're old fairy tales books that the vast majority of their believers reinterpret to fit their life . 
  you 're implying there 's a causal link between mohammed 's war and the ability muslims to live in a democratic society ? 
  that 's just silly . 
  you must have of time on your hands and should really consider more interesting books . 
  but anyway , you should then know that they 're both bloodthirsty , genocidy , rapey , and generally fucked up , so i fail to see the point of your incredibly loaded question . 
  have you read the bible ? 
  you wrote `` she '' in your original comment , not specifying who you meant . 
  you also wrote about storch in the comment i just replied to . 
  and it really should matter to you , because unlike petry , storch is an elected public official , meaning her words carry at least as much weight . 
  and also because , as you wrote yourself , if someone actually said that ( they did ) , `` that 's crazy '' . 
  they are . 
  you have no idea about what storch has said despite another user even going so far as to provide you with links ? 
  that 's an interesting approach to the truth . 
  and despite you being ignorant of this whole affair that was on the news for weeks , you apparently consider yourself perfectly well informed to make great statements about what was and was n't said .
