  and again , what about other religious symbols ? 
  do we ban kippas and cross necklaces ? 
  traditional hindu garb ? 
  shalwar and kameze ? 
  and with that attitude , * you * are unworthy of a liberal democracy . 
  but imagine i suggest to exclude you from enjoying its privileges for that ? 
  the beauty of liberal democracy is that it does n't matter for your basic rights whether i think you deserve them . 
  the same goes for you and your decision . 
  because the beauty of it is also that you can hold and debate that opinion , but no matter how powerful you become in that system , there are checks in balances in place to stop you from stripping people of their rights because you personally decided so . 
  this is long-winded way of saying : nobody cares who you ( or anyone else ) think is entitled to basic rights , because everybody is . 
   edit : itt : butthurt religious people . 
  keep downvoting  yeah , that must be it / s how old are you ? 
  conduct a representative survey if you care enough . 
  good point . 
  but for post-ww2 europe , i can only think of examples were it worked to the opposite effect , at least and particularly in democracies . 
  which is entirely your right , but you see the difference between an individual making choices about what to wear and the government making those choices for you , right ? 
  speaking of attitudes towards women , it 's pretty sexist to assume any woman wearing this is forced to do so and does n't have any agency . 
  if it 's certain swim wear today , it could be anything tomorrow . 
  will you be so supportive of these laws when they figure out that in order for it to be constitutional , they have to extend it to kippas ? 
  are monks and nuns still allowed at the beach , and if not , what distance do they need to keep from it - the beach promenade , a block , two ? 
  what if i have very light skin and wear a t-shirt , long linen pants and a hat ? 
  what about albinos who might actually find a burkini useful . 
  do we make them fill out an ideology test on the beach to make sure they only wear it for practical reasons ? 
   thousands of deaths in europe thousands of deaths ? 
  how so ? 
  it 's illiberal pushback against an illiberal ideology . 
  worse , it targets people who are very unlikely to be involved in any political or radical islamist activities : women , and women at that who go to the beach and do n't veil their faces . 
  all this will do is further polarize and radicalize people who were not before , but now are legitimately feeling oppressed . 
  every step like this will mean that some devout , but secular muslim starts wondering if maybe the salafists have a point . 
  we know this , because this is how suppression always works , be it with the turkish kurds or the irish catholics or dozens of other examples . 
  people are acting like * this * is the * the * magical answer . 
  that 's what i think the person you replied to takes issue with . 
   law is a law . 
  slovenia recently enforced the legal discrimination of sexual minorities in a referendum . 
  so that 's still the law now , but it does n't mean it 's automatically just , right , or morally superior , does it ? 
  can someone look at these pictures without seeing a striking resemblance to those ridiculous skirt-length measuring beach police in the 1920 's usa ? 
  most of us have only read and thought about this in abstract terms , but these pictures drive home the authoritarian and creepily thought-policy vibe of such laws . 
  this is unworthy of a liberal democracy . 
  that 's some quality comedy , coming from someone with a turkey flair . 
  comparing wearing a piece of clothing to human sacrifice and implying that religious freedom in such a case does not already find its bounds where it touches on other basic rights . 
  what a huge shiny strawman you 've got there . 
  although it does smell like bullshit . 
  when will you stop pretending the average muslim woman wears a burkini ? 
  til all muslim women wear burkinis . 
  i mean , have you even ever been to a muslim-majority country ? 
   the childish remarks of europeans one politician posted to her twitter to get some social media shit going . 
  not the government . 
  and she has been immediately criticized and corrected by her country 's politicians and media . 
  how is this in any way comparable to the * government * putting up giant adverts on airports ? 
  that 's a childish overreaction . 
  also note that the normal correctional mechanisms of media and opposition work in sweden and publicly corrected this misinformation . 
  is something similar happening in turkey right now ? 
  yes , plus : - every instance of sexual assault is counted as a crime . 
  when the victim in a sexually abusive relationship reports their partner raped them 20 times , sweden opens 20 rape cases , whereas every other country will prosecute for the one crime of rape in 20 instances . 
  this is kind of a big deal if you 're pretending these numbers can be compared internationally . 
  - the way i understand it , swedish crime statistics record filed reports , not convictions . 
  please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  - victims are more likely to report sexual assault than most other places ( when you compare crime and survey numbers ) . 
  so turkey 's ad should really read : `` did you know sweden is much better at prosecuting rape and protecting rape victims than any other country in the world , including the shameful bigoted shit we pull here ? '', 
  and what does your long - ~ ~ ago ~ ~ ass comment have to do with a group renting out a venue for a day and setting a dress code ? 
  it 's not like this is imposed by any authority or the water park itself . 
  yes , do n't worry . 
  they would , being paid by brussels and all . 
  thanks for sharing your insight !, 
  according to whom ? 
  some experts ? 
  people in the uk have had enough of experts . 
  maybe some leave voters can chime in and let us know if they feel like construction is shrinking . 
   i find it very hard to believe that these men need to be sat down and told that women are n't to be raped you mean like all american college students ? 
  your link is about turkish germans , not muslims . 
  but my assertion may be outdated by now anyway . 
  non-jewish poles were also killed in retribution killings and sent to death camps . 
  you are probably right about pre-empting the soviets , though . 
  i did not confuse them , that 's why i specifically mention that it was about the ghetto uprising . 
  does n't mean that 's not a possible valid reason for another uprising . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just giving a known motivation for resistance fighters in poland at the time , and considering the treatment of poles in general ( i.e. 
  including non-jews ) by the nazis , i think it 's a likely factor . 
  a german radio program on the ghetto uprising published this weekend had a quote for its title : `` we wanted to die fighting . '', 
  considering that the corpses of the starved were piling up in the streets , that seems like an understandable sentiment , and one that seems to have driven other resistance groups like the '44 auschwitz sonderkommando uprising - that is btw another incredibly impressive piece of history , i very much recommend the movie `` the grey zone '' about this . 
  german muslims mostly vote conservative , not left-wing . 
  i 'm sure that 's similar in other countries . 
  we have anti-islam rallies at least once every week here . 
  obviously promoting violence against children does not fall under that , because inciting violent crime is a crime in any context and any democracy . 
  fuck off , we have nazi rallies all the time . 
  yes , of course we have freedom of assembly which is very hard to limit . 
  contrary to what that swiss liar is spreading , neo-nazi parties hold rallies all the time . 
  usually not with more than a handful of attendees and huge counter-protests , but they do and have the right to . 
  one of the first parties forbidden in germany was the old communist party , so please stop making shit up . 
  except beaches . 
  do n't take this idiot seriously , there are four counter-protests . 
  at one of the numerous counter-protests , most likely . 
  but you do n't care , you just wanted to spew some bullshit strawmen . 
  i mean you 're right , but calling mosel wines `` the usual riesling and the like '' is a bit of a ( probably unintentional ) understatement . 
  they make some of the best wines in the world there . 
  do you have a source on those claims or can you pick apart the studies cited to illustrate your claims ? 
  and they did . 
  what does their general definition have to do with you ? 
  are you new to the english language ? 
  you 're missing the point .
