  i believe it was over 70 % in nl in the last parlemeter , the highest in the member states . 
  and the eurobarometer has probably the most thorough methodology of any eu-wide survey out there . 
   and a large chunk of the netherlands , france , germany , greece and italy do want to leave not according to any comparative survey , ever . 
  so , source ? 
  who invited anyone ? 
  please provide credible sources , that way you have a chance at realizing how misinformed you are and save yourself some embarrassment . 
   one of several parliamentary groups / `` parties '' in the eu parliament . 
  just to add some information to this , alde ( like s&d and epp ) is both the name of the parliamentary group and a european party , in this case the european organization of liberal parties . 
  while they are related and work together , they are separate organizations . 
  meps may choose to not sit with the group or sit with another group despite their national party belonging to the alde party , while meps whose national party is not an alde party member may still sit with the alde group . 
  yeah , i hear they even pretended there was a `` genocide '' / s, 
  so you did n't read the article ? 
  shame you had to advertise that so loudly , now you look like a fool to anyone who did . 
   theoretically all presidential candidates were/are `` independent '' since you 're not voting for a party , you 're voting for the person . 
  wrong , other candidates are officially running with their party name attached . 
  he 's not . 
  it 's a technical distinction that you 're making into a whole big thing because ... why ? 
  a majority are , so that means some are n't . 
  those are * foreign military personnel fighting in another country * , i.e. 
  invaders . 
  that 's a fact . 
  who else qualifies as invaders in this conflict ? 
  so you 're admitting that a sizeable part of the separatist forces are not ukrainian , and therefore , by definition , invaders . 
  people in donbass and crimea did not get to vote in the elections ( which were necessary because the previous government abandoned the country ) ? 
   calling yourself something does n't make it so something like republic of donetsk , for example ? 
  why do you trust the polls in a country that fakes its election results ? 
  putin admits it , but apparently they do n't inform all the troll factories of the latest official propaganda line . 
  the only ones who invaded are the russian soldiers on ukrainian soil . 
  which coincidentally precedes any claims to secession , making this an uprising against the democratically elected government instigated by a foreign country . 
  what exactly are you saying did not happen ? 
  the separatist and russian forces killing civilians ? 
  imprisoning people without charges ? 
  torturing those imprisoned ? 
  thousands of people suddenly having relocated to the west of the country ? 
  because all of that is pretty well-established common knowledge , imo . 
  volunteer soldiers on `` vacation '' wearing standard russian uniforms ( sans flag patches ) and russian military gear . 
  oh , and of course vladimir putin himself has confirmed that russian troops invaded ukraine : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31796226, 
  i ca n't wait for / u/trycatch1 's to explain this , either . 
  it 's just too complicated for my imperialist western mind to grasp . 
  so please , / u/trycatch1 , do us the honor !, 
  so do you not understand the meaning of running as an independent or do you just really dislike the green party ? 
   by breaking laws and thus using the army within in the country shooting down your own people . 
  which laws ? 
   it is called the right of self-determination . 
  there 's also something called the sovereignty of nation states . 
  so again , can you cite the relevant part of the ukrainain constitution or laws ? 
   a coup supported , financed and supplied by foreign powers and rigging elections afterwards do you have any sources on that that are not directly controlled by the russian government or the separatists ? 
   * all sources supporting the kiev junta and official results have n't pinned down anyone , they only show how it was shot down . 
  russia and the separatists claimed that the ukrainian air force shot down the plane with an air-to-air missile from a fighter aircraft . 
  the reports conclude definitely that it was shot down with a buk missile system , exposing this separatist narrative as a lie . 
  we also know that a buk was transported to and recorded on satellite images in the area from which the missile was fired , which is within the area controlled by the separatists and russian invaders/war-criminals at the time . 
  how can you invade your own country ? 
  does the `` majority of people in the donbass '' include all those non-russian ukrainians who lived there and were killed , imprisoned , tortured or driven from their homes ? 
  did they get to mail-vote in the referendum ? 
   for reals ? 
  you have quite selective vision . 
  bbc : `` child soldiers appear to be playing a part on both sides of the conflict in eastern ukraine . '', 
  tsn.ua : `` andrey romanyuk from vinnitsa went to war in 16 '' . 
  a few months after this enthusiastic report the very same andrey romanyuk tried to rob petrol station and murdered two ukrainian cops . 
  bit different than having actual boot camps with a bunch of 12 year olds that talk about participating in firefights * on russia today * . 
   hmm . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberia_airlines_flight_1812 president of ukraine apologized in this way : `` we are not the first , nor we are the last . 
  do n't make a tragedy out of it . 
  mistakes happen everywhere , and of much larger scale . '', 
  funny how you do n't recognize the legitimacy of the new government , yet blame them for actions of a government in the old system 15 years ago . 
  if mental gymnastics were olympic , you 'd get to go . 
  they also have child soldiers which is * the * sign of a healthy state . 
  `` they '' declared independence , after russia invaded and forced non-russian ukrainians out by force , killing civilians in the process , imprisoning them without charge and torturing them . 
  the referendum was then held after the deportation of the non-russian parts of the population ( something that qualifies as an ethnic cleansing , btw ) among those that remained . 
  i do n't think non-russian ukrainians driven from their homes got to mail in their votes , did they ? 
  and the referendum was conducted by the military dictatorship that , again , imprisoned without charge and tortured dissenters , without any independent observers , so it is not to be considered valid . 
  and even if we step into your little fantasy world and pretend all that did not happen , why should the split-off be legal ? 
  does ukraine have laws allowing secession of regions ? 
  edit : inserted a missing comma, 
  how can you invade your own country ? 
  or were there laws in place that would allow the secession of parts of the country in ukraine , and if so , does it allow secession by violent action of a foreign military and can you cite them ? 
  oh yeah , and the government was democratically elected , so gtfo . 
   shot down a civilian plane source on that ? 
  all independent studies have concluded that the plane was shot down by russian soldiers or paramilitary seperatists . 
   ukrainian nationalists managed to one-up even russian nationalists . 
  except for the part were they * did n't fucking invade a sovereign country illegally * . 
  they also do n't use child soldiers or mass murder civilian plane passengers , so they 've very much got the moral high ground in this conflict and get to occasionally mess up . 
  it is a strawman because noone has ever called anyone a fascist , nazi or indeed far-right for the shit the two jokers above me made up to jerk each other off . 
  vote for the guy who promises to shut down the government , gridlock the system , and undermine the constitution . 
  solid plan . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  van der bellen * is * running as an independent . 
  that 's a fact . 
  de jure , the president has quite a lot of power , think weimar germany . 
  these powers have not been exercised by anyone postwar , because all other austrian parties agreed to the sensible common ground of upholding the democratic order . 
  the fp\u00d6 has little interest in that , and hofer has already promised to not swear into office newly elected governments he does n't like or sign laws he disagrees with , widely overreaching the traditional role of the office and effectively shutting down the country in a presidential proto-dictatorship . 
  and people will still vote for that slimy bastard , because apparently learning from history is not a widespread hobby in austria . 
  damn , hopefully they built a few burn centers with some of that eu money . 
  he promised to undermine the democratically elected government and the constitutional order of the country . 
  ca n't get much more far right than literally fascist . 
  edit : also :  most real national-socialists on the internet disavow the fpoe and hofer . 
  except , you know , the actual ss members who founded the party . 
  not too many `` real national-socialists '' around anymore to now disavow it . 
  who said that , ever ? 
  surely you can point to a number of examples since you 're so obnoxious about it .
