  literally anyone has the right to apply for asylum or shelter as a refugee . 
  whether that is granted is up to the government to assess . 
  until that assessment procedure is done , they have the right to be save . 
  how is this [ * parent comment * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4v0pce/merkel_rules_out_migrant_policy_reversal_after/d5ujqbl ) which prompted you to ask for his or her definition of racism a reply to you ? 
   who considered himself aryan , was proud to share a birthday with the f\u00fchrer and admired anders breivik . 
  and who also was neither muslim nor an immigrant . 
  not a muslim immigrant at all . 
  german citizen , german mother , iranian father , non-religious and a far-right hitler fanboy . 
  how ridiculously self-obsessed are you to think that top-level comment is about you ? 
   it was always a false binary choice of `` either we take as many as possible or we do n't help anyone '' . 
  merkel could have chosen a route of help on site , but did not focus on it . 
  the opposite is true . 
  she repeatedly and consistently asked other eu members for help and pushed for a european solution ( which , by the way , the majority of the european population favor as well according to the eurobarometer ) . 
  the eu could have easily managed this crisis much better with a bit of cooperation , but because too many crucial members did not want to help , germany and the others that did were faced with either taking in high numbers in a short time or watching potentially thousands of people die . 
  300000 were stranded in hungary , which was overwhelmed by the situation . 
  greece could not manage either ( and how should they have ? ) . 
  that 's the dichotomy they were in : help or let people die on european soil from cold , starvation , and dehydration . 
  asylum seekers do n't magically get citizenship , they do n't even magically get to stay for an unlimited time . 
  what kind of extremist is she ? 
  extreme moderate ? 
  rule-of-law extremist ? 
  what ? 
  sticking to our laws is a good thing . 
  not letting our european allies , especially those burdened the most by the financial crisis and the arrival of refugees , be completely overwhelmed by these issues to a point where their societies just might collapse is also good , and in our best interest . 
  that 's all she did , although we should have helped out italy , greece , and malta much earlier . 
  not helping hungary would have most likely meant countless dead . 
  i do n't think what she could have done differently , other than acting earlier and communicating more clearly to the public why certain steps were taken and how we were going to accomplish that . 
  thousands of people drowning on our doorstep or dying in a civil war several eu members are partly responsible for is something we can not just watch , for legal , moral and practical reasons . 
  yes , you are . 
  nothing like reading reddit 's deep psychoanalysis to know how all 80 million of us think and feel on any given topic . 
   every day there is a terror event or something related to it . 
  every day ? 
  bit over the top . 
  name a single case of someone thrown in jail for exercising free speech . 
  not , you know , committing a crime like threatening someone or planning violent crime online , because that does n't fall under free speech anywhere in the world . 
  yeah , i get that such mundane things as facts do n't matter to your worldview . 
  the guy `` running amok '' was a right-wing extremist hitler fan boy , was german , and is very much identified . 
   with germans arrested just for exercising the right for free speech oh really ? 
  where does that happen ? 
  do you have a single example or are you confusing this with the state of press freedom in poland ? 
  that is a completely different assertion than the one you made before , namely merkel 's `` invitation '' ( which again , she never did ) . 
  so take your attitude elsewhere if you ca n't decide what your point is . 
   `` we welcome all '' that never happened . 
  i 'm serious , the infamous invitation is a myth . 
  there was a great long post on this subreddit a few months back , but basically it 's mostly a meme propagated by the media and bad translations . 
  all merkel did was take some of the burden from hungary when they were overwhelmed by the number of arrivals . 
  as she should have in the spirit of european solidarity . 
  pity orb\u00e1n used that against her later . 
  the sharp rise in arrivals actually occurred before the time of the alleged invitation . 
  as for the threats against the polish government , not poland , i only remember those in the context of pis dismantling the rule of law and freedom of the press . 
  poland agreed to uphold these principles when joining the eu , so the eu will get tough when a national government attacks these fundamental values . 
  it has happened to other countries in the past , no big deal . 
  lastly , if we actually had been able to agree to divide refugees proportionally between all members , it would have not only been barely a burden , but according to any economist forecast i know of meant a great economic boost . 
  and what a convenient way to distract from the latest steps in dismantling polish democracy . 
   germany kept calling poland racist when and where ? 
  who does n't acknowledge that ? 
  isis is a fascist organization , too . 
  just do n't tell european and american far-righters that they have a lot in common with radical islamists , they 'll get upset . 
  nonsense , the end of the century saw * another * massive recession . 
  things started to pick up economically in the early naugthies , when you say there was a decline . 
  and in the time period you say was so much better , we had several fascist and communist dictatorships in what are now core countries of the eu , we had a massive ethnic/religious war in the balkans with a genocide of 8000 people * in the mid-nineties * . 
  let 's not even talk about the state of women 's rights pre-2000 . 
  my point being , things were always shit for someone , but on the aggregate they 've been becoming decreasingly shitty for most . 
  the current state of the economy in southern europe is obviously the grand exception to this . 
  i believe that will recover too , but that 's a whole other debate . 
  but you will not find a period in european history less violent than now that is longer than a couple of years . 
  and we 're not going to get economic growth anywhere close to the 60s and 70s without the massive population increase following the massive destruction of a world war , which i can honestly do without . 
  really , a general upward trend ? 
  what about the oil crisis ? 
  or a number of other recessions , sprees of terrorism etc. 
  you have rose-colored glasses for a period you probably did n't even live through . 
  seriously , when was this glorious lost period ? 
  it 's got ta be somewhere after our last genocide ( 1995 ) , after the last big eta and ira bombings and after some of our countries stopped persecuting lgbt people . 
  otherwise only some stuff got worse while a lot of other stuff got better . 
  it also clearly must have ended before the 2008 financial crisis , but maybe even before the london and madrid bombings ? 
  actually , a lot of our countries were n't doing well economically around 2000 either . 
  the window for the glorious past is getting really small . 
  so do n't just downvote , come on and help me narrow it down . 
  we should n't conflate terrorist attacks and other crimes like that . 
  the munich shooting was not a terrorist attack , and neither was ( from the looks of it ) the stalker with the machete . 
  but on a more general note , attacks like these will inspire others if they keep getting media attention like this , especially with the focus and fame for the ( would-be ) killers and the gratuitous pictures of dead bodies . 
  for terrorists already wanting to carry out an attack , it 's a rational choice to piggyback on a recent attack , because the effect of several small attacks like this will be greater when they are close together , exactly what you write . 
  one great danger is that this sustained and intense media attention encourages would-be lone wolfs who played with the idea but were not fully committed to it to actually go through with it . 
  another danger is that these blueprints for mass murder push potential unpolitical mass shooters or psychotic individuals over the edge . 
  it is quite possible that that is what happened with the guy with the machete in reutlingen , germany after the axe terrorist and/or the munich shooting . 
  it also might encourage potential suicide-by-cop and the bullied-kid kind of mass shooter to piggyback on the is terrorism brand to get more attention . 
  edit : downvotes , but no replies . 
  as usual , the circlejerk on this subreddit is unable to formulate an argument . 
  probably not . 
  i wrote that in a light-hearted spirit , but maybe it comes across as too sincere or mean . 
  germans and humor , you know . 
  i was joking . 
  i still find that original comment funny in that it implies the potential victims being catholics somehow makes this worse or more relevant . 
  as opposed to what earlier point exactly ? 
  as for all the non-catholics , fuck 'em . 
  how am i doing that ? 
  i asked people to stick to to the facts presented in the * linked article of this thread * instead of speculating . 
  how is assuming the worst , especially if it turns out to be wrong most of the time , any better than what you accuse me of ? 
  your life must be easy . 
   considering thats illegal ...
