   cherry picking evidence will get you far . 
  ... , he said , cherry-picking evidence himself . 
  how so ? 
  there are different forms of fgm ( from small cuts at the labia to completely removing the clitoris and sewing the vagina shut ) , just as there are to male circumcision ( from partial removal to complete removal with infant dick-sucking , orally transmitted syphilis included ) . 
  both are against the will of the child , based on traditions and social pressure , and irreperably alter and limit the sexual organs . 
  the difference really is that male circumcision in western countries is often performed in clinical settings , minimizing the risk of infection , whereas fgm almost exclusively takes place in unhygienic and unprofessional settings . 
  if male circumcision were performed in these same conditions all around the world , would you still make that difference , higher infant mortality and all included ? 
  keep in mind that even in perfect conditions there is still a risk of infection , loss of the penis , and death . 
  no problem . 
  i also edited my post above with some timestamps of h\u00fcbsch talking , but the entire debate is worth a watch ( although somewhat infuriating at times ) . 
  it 's been a while since i watched it ( when it aired ) , but here is the full anne will discussion in which i believe that was stated . 
  khola mariam h\u00fcbsch is the journalist in question : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrja0ymehha edit : some scenes with her : 19:18 she misunderstands or deliberately misunderstands the who 's reasoning . 
  here 's a post on [ why the studies are scientifically problematic ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/3a49c2/ethics_of_circumcision/cs9cbko ) . 
  much more fundamentally , though , the who recommends circumcision for regions with high hiv rates to slow the spread of the virus . 
  circumcision wo n't protect you if you have sex with infected people all the time , but it lowers the risk of infection somewhat which has an effect on an aggregate level ( read : concerning the whole population ) . 
  there is simply no argument to be made from the who recommendations for developed low-risk countries . 
  at this point she also misrepresents the risks for health and sexual health . 
  she argues with religious freedom but ignores the more important human right ( literally , because it 's stated earlier in the human rights declaration and the german constitution ) of safety from bodily harm . 
  it 's also the `` just a tiny piece of skin '' part . 
  25:45 according to her , genital mutilation is just the same as any other form of parental influence on the child 's life . 
  the woman she interrupts is arguing for the child 's right of self-determination . 
  32:44 arguing there 's no evidence for the damages and risks of circumcision . 
  this is countered immediately by the law professor and kallwas . 
  there 's probably a few other parts . 
  iirc the rabbi makes the allegations of the whole debate being anti-religious/anti-jewish . 
  edit 2 , quickly : 46:20 the court decision is supposedly anti-muslim . 
  around 50:00 argument that there 's no set time point for circumcision . 
  apparently foreskins are unhygienic . 
  the ensuing rant is just ridiculous . 
  around 59:00 seyran atas touches upon women 's aesthetic preferences both ways but does n't really get to finish the thought . 
  ** i may have misremembered and misattributed h\u00fcbsch saying something like that , at least in this discussion ** , but i do n't have time to watch the whole thing right now . 
  1:04:00 seyran atas gets into the social pressure and machism behind it . 
  very interesting . 
  h\u00fcbsch counters around 1:08:00, 
  here is the full anne will discussion . 
  khola mariam h\u00fcbsch is the journalist in question who states inaccuracies like `` it 's just a piece of skin without any feeling '' ( the opposite is true , it 's much more sensitive than the glans ) and believes that her aesthetic preferences trump the medical welfare of children : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrja0ymehha i also found part of a menschen bei maischberger discussion on it . 
  learn fun new things like `` newborns do n't bleed or feel pain '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d-fj0hmh48, 
  convention on the rights of the child ( 1989 ) , article 24 , \u00a7 3 :  states parties shall take all effective and appropriate measures with a view to abolishing traditional practices prejudicial to the health of children . 
  germany 's current law on circumcision should be regarded to be in violation of this , in light of the medical research . 
   but his post seems to indicate that hospitals are doing the best they can to protect children 's rights in excess of whatever protections the law offers / affords these children ? 
  it seems this particular hospital is . 
  as far as i understand it they 're not breaking the law . 
  that law simply made circumcision without medical indication legal , whereas it was n't explicitly regulated before . 
  this happened after pediatricians and childrens ' rights activists pushed for stricter regulations on the practice , which evidently totally backfired . 
  edit : the anti-circumcision lobbying only really started gaining momentum as a reaction to a cologne court ruling that circumcision was a form of bodily harm in one specific case where a kid bled for several days and needed additional medical care . 
  those damn racist judges !, 
  wikipedia definition :  mutilation or maiming is an act of physical injury that degrades the appearance or function of any living body . 
  it 's literally mutilation , it degrades the function of the male sexual organ . 
  [ here 's a nice write-up with academic sources ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/3a49c2/ethics_of_circumcision/cs99zuv ) . 
  thank you . 
  the debate in germany preceding the ridiculous law we now have was toxic . 
  pediatricians and lawyers simply stating the medical risks and legal problems were shouted down with accusations of antisemitism and islamophobia on prime time public television . 
  fucking disgrace for a supposedly enlightened democratic society . 
  my favorite part was a ( female ) muslim journalist countering the risks of disfigurement , infection , death , and severely limited sexual pleasure with `` but i think circumcised penises look prettier '' . 
  / rant as a result we now have a law that goes against the recommendations of almost all western pediatric organisations and the un childrens ' rights declaration . 
  i guess i just wanted to say you really hit the nail on the head . 
  edit : clarified that the journalist was a woman, 
  this is hardly unusal . 
  it happens to russia all the time . 
   looks like we need to remeasure too . 
  it was cold , ok ? 
  as far as i understand , the quite uncertain eastern border of europe is actually pretty unanimously agreed upon in one place , the bosporus . 
  so geographically speaking , turkey is in europe . 
  what people get worked up about is their potential eu membership . 
  i honestly think that 's one of those internet things . 
  maybe with the exception of a few countries where that 's coupled with the self-image post-communism , but only poland and estonia come to mind for that ( poland being super-central geographically , and estonia being pretty nordic culturally ; and both doing well economically ) . 
  belgium : the eastern europe of western europe . 
  not to us europeans . 
  y' all are one big texas to a lot of us . 
  after all , our current ~ ~ king ~ ~ ~ ~ emperor ~ ~ junckerator is from one of those microstates, 
  how did you bring communism into this ? 
  edit : a word, 
  that 's great to hear . 
  honestly , i was surprised they thought of that when they first started with those videos . 
  i know they 're not going to change the tone of discussion in politics , but it was nice to see that people all over europe could share a laugh together over some viral videos . 
  who knows , it might even remind a few people to be nice to each other . 
  that would be neat . 
   the guys who made that video are the same guys who photoshopped away varoufakis ' middle finger , and lied that it was all the other media manipulating footage to demonize `` v-man '' . 
  zero credibility . 
  they did n't . 
  turns out it was all extremely smart satire , but that 's obvious from the video if you watch it again . 
  just a heads-up , there are english and greek subtitles in the video ( as there are on the two varoufakis videos by the neomagazin royale team ) , which i was happy to see . 
  are the greek ones decent in terms of grammar and spelling ? 
  thanks for the correction . 
   the party was done in by a combination of transparency , the chaos visible through it and the media feasting on it . 
  that seems like a fair assessment . 
   again wall of text with 0 facts everything i said can be checked . 
  the records are public . 
   not even responding to this kind of shit anymore . 
  first sensible thing you 've written . 
   i told you before you did n't . 
  confusing the people you 're insulting over the internet ? 
   you know you fucked up please do tell how i , personally , fucked up . 
   you are scared of repercussions for your actions that one time i had a short pregnancy scare when a condom ripped , so you 're technically right . 
  all went well , though , thanks to responsible medical regulations and plan b. 
  thanks for caring . 
   i dont care if you are relative of them , friend of them or what not since you take this so personally i do n't even share their nationality . 
  just so happens i can read and i do n't live in your comic book world . 
   video of what they did that 's not what you posted . 
  what you posted is a very suggestive montage of video clips , not facts .
