  it ca n't , because it already did . 
  can you back any of that up with data or other evidence ? 
  the far right is always loose on reddit on the weekends , and to a lesser degree during the week do when normal people do n't have time for reddit , at least evidenced by the voting patterns on german-language subreddits . 
  so do n't take it personally . 
   germans were just as same victims as jews til germany tried to industrially extinguish the german people completely . 
  somehow this never came up in history lessons . 
  britain does n't have the ` open sea ' option anymore , so i doubt it . 
  because rupert murdoch says so . 
  can you even imagine that body in a swimsuit ? 
  no , it 's not nonsense . 
  have you read ukip 's party program ? 
  it is essentially nothing but great plans on what to do with the uk once it leaves the eu . 
  the point of leaving the eu , or so nigel would have us believe , was a greater future born of the newly gained sovereignty , * not * just gaining that supposed sovereignty itself . 
  if they and he truly believe that , then the real work for ukip is only starting . 
  they have all these plans for what is supposed to happen next , which , again are supposedly the point of brexit . 
  if they believe their predictions are true and their goals achievable , they need to attempt to get more national power . 
  their entire narrative is that the rest of the political establishment is too complacent and cowardly to attain their lofty goals . 
  so if farage believes * that * , too , he is deserting britain in its greatest time of need . 
  one could think he was just an alcoholic who liked the limelight and eu pensions , way in over his head . 
  if he truly wanted to get back to his life , and if he truly thought negotiating brexit was up to the national government entirely , should n't he give up his seat as an mep , so that his salary can go to fund the nhs instead ? 
  my condolences , 
  you forgot easy tax dodging . 
  that 's just mean . 
  i think you misunderstood completely what he meant . 
  which is the cowardice of johnson and farage , who now that the going will get tough , flee from responsibility . 
  juncker is saying , of they actually cared about their countries * and * believed that their course was the one to go , they would ( try to ) take responsibility to help the uk in this difficult transition . 
  they do n't , because they 're populists who never actually wanted to do any actual work . 
  that 's really not the same . 
  he lost , he stepped down , like anyone would do . 
  it 's not his responsibility to fix the leave campaign 's mess , after all they had this glorious vision . 
  without the eu , there would n't be any regulation against abuses of net neutrality . 
  the current policy is flawed , but could be corrected within the eu bodies . 
  without the eu , many eu member states , those without much competition among isps would have seen this shit way earlier . 
  much more competent and a better haircut . 
  he has also told the truth on several occasions . 
  so nothing like bojo . 
  your juxtaposition of `` european '' to the uk makes me sad . 
  edit : you 're -  your, 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
  the parliament has toppled commissions in the past , as well as refused to approve commissioners . 
  the european parliament has to approve all commissioners and can have a vote of no confidence to remove them from office . 
  this has happened in the past . 
  the ep in turn is directly elected . 
  so juncker along with all his colleagues is very much accountable and removable . 
  meaning your comment shows either complete ignorance about how the eu works or complete disregard for the truth . 
  care to tell us which it is ? 
  are you a liar or uneducated ? 
  nope , that 's not how it works . 
  read a book , or a hundred . 
  it 's clearly been a while . 
  good , because this happened in the european parliament . 
  also , it 's clearly a joke . 
  god beware that politicians do n't treat each other as horribly as internet trolls . 
  missing the point , they 're always messing with each other and someone 's trying to make this banter into some big thing . 
  you 're just displaying your complete ignorance over how the eu works . 
  if you ever actually read anything substantial on the legislative process withing the eu , you 'd know what you 're writing is completely impossible . 
   germans and others have never cared about democracy funny how the uk has the least democratic electoral system in the eu . 
  for people who do n't care about democracy , we all must have just gotten incredibly lucky to have our votes be actually somewhat accurately reflected in parliaments . 
  why do leavers never complain about the uk being undemocratic ? 
  is it possible they just do n't know that much about politics and the eu ? 
  oh look , a bigot with a strawman . 
  i 'm not bitter . 
  let them leave , for all i care . 
  it 'll be a shit show , since no one seems to have a plan , because face it , even the leave campaign did not want leave to win . 
  but it 'll be the populists ' shit show to deal with and we can finally go back to constructive political debate in europe , without childish bullshit getting in the way . 
  turns out it 's really hard to explain facts in an understandable manner when you 're debating a screaming , lying child with a megaphone . 
  all far-right populist movements anywhere right now . 
   too many bitter people crying yes . 
  mostly brits . 
  mostly brits who voted for brexit and did n't have a clue what the fuck they were doing . 
  i just feel sorry that they most likely just imploded their own pensions . 
  who said i was talking about you ? 
  you still have n't managed to say what bothers you so much about this particular model ( who is likely french , anyway ) so much . 
  that 's not even possible . 
  you have to be a citizen of the country to play on a national team . 
  but getting to the point of this , if someone is born to german parents , raised in germany , and lived all their life in germany , they are damn well as german as me or anyone else , no matter their skin color . 
  i know many black germans , and i do n't really see how their skin color is supposed to separate them from me . 
  i certainly have more in common with them than some racist asshole . 
  i really do n't see how ? 
  have you looked at our national team ? 
  still waiting for you to explain why he would n't fit . 
  come on , i want you to say it . 
  is it about the implied sex ? 
  contrary to popular belief , we do actually have that in germany . 
  why ? 
  seems to have fit pretty well , judging from the picture . 
   that guy has nothing german on him . 
  how so ? 
  edit : also he literally has the german flag on him , which is definitely something german . 
  it may have to do with one of the afd politicians insulting one of our national players , jerome boateng , who apart from being very much a native german also happens to be black . 
  it may not have to do with this at all , but it might be a ` fuck you ' by uefa in that general direction . 
  of course you 're a white genocide conspiracy nut . 
  funny how on / r/de , you always complain about the unjustified stigmatisation of right-wing opinions as far-right extremist . 
  well , that one right there is very much far-right extremist . 
  you sound like you 're repressing something with all that homophobia . 
  wow , you really showed me with your arrogant comment , ` kid ' . 
  oh wait , you did n't , because it had zero to do with the discussion at hand . 
  orb\u00e1n has used nothing but scare tactics when it comes to migration . 
  as has the remain campaign , together with misinformation . 
  the council of europe is not an eu institution .
