   are you serious ? 
  only somewhat . 
  you do n't actually need to stuff ballot boxes if you control the entire election process and do n't have international observers . 
  you also can count on a low turn out among your opponents when you kill , vanish or imprison any popular opposition leaders . 
  what if they 've always been cheating , including the polls ? 
  i do n't know how important self-governance is in this , but here 's an interview with roberto saviano about the role of london for organized crime . 
  he puts it on the banks themselves and reluctance by the national government to allow more oversight : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/london-is-now-the-global-money-laundering-centre-for-the-drug-trade-says-crime-expert-10366262.html, 
  brexit is what makes this feasible in the first place , because the uk have always vetoed ( and already promise to continue doing so until they leave ) any plans for military integration . 
  this of course makes a lot of sense for a country like the uk , but less so for the baltics , slovakia etc. 
  edit : not trying to downplay the glorious baltic militaries , i just think all of us in the eu could save a lot of money while having a more capable military at the same time by cutting redundancies . 
  and sadly , this is not only true for companies avoiding taxes , but also criminals . 
  the city may very well be the world 's money laundering capital . 
  ooh , which country is that ? 
  the one with the most valuable citizenship in the world ? 
  hey , that 's a cool edgy comment . 
  can you link to any of the `` marxist '' media doing what you claim they all do all the time ? 
  wrong . 
  words mean things , especially those with a universal and well-defined academic usage . 
  like `` populism '' . 
  afd fits this definition completely . 
  they 've also been trying really hard to fit the bill for `` fascism '' , no hyperbole necessary . 
  they could n't even do most of their most widely advertised policies in government , because they 'd be unconstitutional . 
  that 's cute . 
  having your population starve and tanking the economy because you 're stubborn is `` great '' ? 
  he 's also really good at having political opponents assassinated , something no doubt many of the new right would be able to explain away as `` decisive leadership '' or some such shit . 
  `` they '' , i think , is just asselborn . 
  i doubt any other head of state or eu official is happy about this at this moment . 
  the thing is , i agree with you on corporate taxation . 
  but i do n't think it has anything to do with the topic and people are using it as an ad hominem to discredit the guy , who , as foreign minister , is n't exactly responsible for any of that , which makes it even sillier . 
  and the council and the commission have already started tackling corporate taxation , and afaik the european parliament is to debate it ( and probably urge the commission and council to push harder ) today . 
   the head of the eu not how the eu works , so whatever i say will be wasted breath . 
  no , i 'm sorry , but # 67 in the world press freedom ranking is very concrete . 
  the eu and the un taking time and resources to start diplomatic nightmares over a country 's constitutional reforms is concrete . 
  these organizations do n't have an anti-hungarian agenda , especially considering most of the epp parties have been awfully quiet about all this to appease fidesz . 
  these organizations have nothing to gain and in fact in case of at least the eu bodies quite a lot to lose by confronting the hungarian government about this . 
  this is not a smoke screen , this is a serious matter that means lots of expenses in terms of working hours , money , and strain on political relationship for a whole lot of people that would probably much rather and more usefully spend their time with trade negotiations , tariff harmonization , unemployment , and foreign policy . 
   the press is free in hungary . 
  then why is hungary on place 67 in [ this year 's press freedom ranking ] ( https://rsf.org/en/ranking ) , way , way below the other eu member states ? 
  regarding rule of law , i 'm referring to the constitutional changes starting in 2010 that sparked reports , resolutions and pleas to change not only from the eu but also from the un 's rule of law working group . 
  i 'm sure you know this as well as i do , but here 's an overview : https://www.hrw.org/news/2013/05/16/hungary-rule-law-under-threat of course people on herewill call human rights watch biased for caring about , well , human rights , in which case the eu resolution and un reports are among the first google results , but they make for a much dryer read . 
  please believe me that i 'm not trying to bash hungary or the hungarian people , i simply take issue with some of your government 's decisions . 
  we know orb\u00e1n wants to take liberties away , because he said in numerous interviews that he wants to create an `` illiberal democracy '' and cities russia , turkey and china as examples of places that `` just work '' . 
  one shudders what that might mean after last week 's apple keynote . 
  not at all my point , see above . 
  are strawmen on sale today ? 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  reacting to this with `` but luxembourg something muh taxes '' is whataboutism of the stupidest sort . 
  just like my reaction to your comment was whataboutism . 
  thanks for explaining my point for me . 
  and either way it is relevant to your point unless you argue your own country should be thrown out of the eu as well . 
  but that 's really besides the point because this entire back and forth about luxembourg is just insubstantial noise by people trying to discredit asselborn 's argument without actually having to argue against it . 
   no hard feelings ? 
  after what you just did to my radio station ? 
  fat chance !, 
  now i 'm just disappointed . 
  you 're not even trying anymore . 
  oh really ? 
  funnily enough , this seems to be a common theme in a geographically and politically large variety of international media from europe as well as the us . 
  but if i 'm just victim to propaganda , especially one that seems so internationally pervasive , i 'm sure this has prompted some independent objective analysis of the matter that you can link to . 
  so please do . 
  if you ca n't , please say what exactly you claim : that the orb\u00e1n government has not limited press freedom , that it has not limited the power of the judiciary or that it has not conducted undemocratic reform ? 
  or i could ask why apparently quite many people in this sub upvote a post they do n't understand but deem it ok to comment on that ? 
  op may have an agenda posting an article in german with a misleading thumbnail in this english-speaking sub , but every single upvoter of it and commenter in here who does n't know what they 're voting and commenting on is equally to blame . 
  op is not responsible for you making uninformed comments , especially considering that there are plenty of english-language articles on this . 
  so you truly ca n't do any better . 
  got it . 
   orban 's party holds a supermajority in parliament , so whatever he is doing has democratic support that is not how democracy works . 
  there is still a constitution and there are european treaties that hungary signed and ratified under a democratic mandate . 
  no majority gives a government the right to undermine democracy , because that naturally makes it easier for them to cling onto power against democratic will in the future . 
   and is the main issue he pointed out . 
  no , as one item in a long list it objectively is not . 
  what 's with your nazi obsession ? 
  what are you even trying to tell me ? 
  are you proud of your inability to make a civil point ? 
  is that the best you can do , calling me a nazi for pointing out your strawman ? 
  weak . 
  well no , it 's just shitty to link a german-language source in this subreddit when there are countless english articles since this morning . 
  this is a recent trend on here with , as far as i 've seen , mostly die welt articles . 
  that very conservative paper tends to have suggestive titles or photos ( like in this case ) , and i suspect some agenda-pushing might be going on . 
  i 'll be paying attention to the user names of these posters . 
  firstly , whataboutism . 
  because his country has offered tax deals in the past he 's not allowed to criticise orb\u00e1n 's violations of the treaties ? 
  secondly , the eu is dealing with corporate tax right now , literally this week in the european parliament , and the commission has been cracking down hard on apple and ireland for this very thing for weeks , most likely setting a precedent for the future . 
  and what does that have to do with mr asselborn 's criticism of orb\u00e1n 's attack on basic freedoms , rule of law and democracy ? 
  police state like orb\u00e1n 's vision for hungary ? 
  it 's fucking astounding how you ca n't treat this statement as if you 'd actually read it and would know that it 's about much more than this . 
  maybe actually read the statement before making a comment , that way you do n't look like a fool . 
  he criticized a number of issues , including the erosion of basic freedoms , rule of law , and democracy . 
  edit : how about one of you brave keyboard warriors actually address why my comment is supposedly irrelevant ? 
  what do refugees have to do with the erosion of rule of law , press freedom and functioning of the democracy , you know , all the things asselborn names as reasons for his statement ? 
  well he did name all those , the fence just being one item in the list . 
  the article is in german , so i ca n't expect you to read it , but you also should n't make assumptions like this without any basis . 
  where did you get the fence idea from , the thumbnail ? 
  says the guy from the much bigger tax haven . 
  bravo !, 
  have you heard of starbucks and ikea ? 
  lazy , intellectually weak strawman . 
  racism . 
  how edgy !, 
  my bad , i apologize for accusing you of that .
