  both these interpretations are certainly up for debate , but blaming 1864 on bismarck alone is one-sided . 
  and as a german , i like to fairly share the blame for wars that were not * entirely * our fault . 
  several people in this thread have said that this is a caricature from german satirical newspaper * simmplicissimus * . 
  from what i 've seen from them otherwise , it 's safe to assume that they 're making fun of the germans just as much as everyone else . 
  from the context of the above comment , `` heim ins reich '' = home into the realm . 
  the nazis ' euphemism for annexing czechia and austria . 
  the reasoning was that the populations in these areas were mostly ethnic germans . 
  on a sidenote , putin justified the annexation of crimea ( and the invasion and occupation of georgia , ukraine , and moldova ) with the same argument . 
  ninja edit : and with `` sh '' , / u/physicalstuff is referencing the old dispute between prussia and denmark over schleswig and holstein , which have always had mixed danish and german populations . 
  * the mutual disagreement about who should own that border region has afaik resulted in the sensible solution that the border ( roughly ) marks the transition from danish-speaking majority to german-speaking . 
  although de facto most people around the border probably speak both languages , because the danes like our cheap liquor and we like their beaches . 
  * there 's an epic-looking danish series on the 1864 war between prussia/austria and denmark , that was the climax of that dispute : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl9nx3utaeg ( english subtitles are available ) . 
  what party ? 
  he 's not a party member , just a drug dealer , burglar , and former criminal refugee . 
  they 're at least in part russian soldiers waging an illegal war , putin has admitted as much . 
  even before , the evidence was there . 
  edit : a much needed comma in the second sentence for clarification . 
  do you truly believe that ? 
  who would that be ? 
  do you have proof ? 
  you have n't responded to my original question about which of the many democratic institutions you take issue with . 
  we can always have an educated discussion about the speed and goal of european integration , but it sounds like you just have a general dislike for the eu and either do n't really know how it works or do n't have any concrete basis for your vague accusations . 
  you 're absolutely right , i misremembered because most articles i 've read talked about the more infamous shah case . 
  i think the difference with the 2007 case is that it was not a dictator enforcing some weird honor concept to silence critics , but a country with working rule of law where these same insults would have been prosecuted as well . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that the 2007 case did n't really show how ridiculous this law is . 
  it remains a relic of the past and will hopefully be soon one legally , too . 
  it 's from the time of the empire ( so pre-ww1 ) and has n't been applied since the 50s . 
  because of the persian shah then . 
  my understanding is that it 's just one of those legal relics that everybody forgot about , like how some us states forbid specific absolutely common sex acts . 
  at least by appealing to that law , erdogan makes absolutely clear what kind of politician he sees himself as and wants to be : a totalitarian dictator . 
  which , come to think of it , would make sense if you as a head of state were trying to avoid prosecution for sexual offenses like bestiality . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say, 
  yet you question the right of people to appeal to that court because you disagree with them politically ... 
  the `` stupid bureaucracy '' and rules are put into placr by the european council , which is the 28 heads of state , including the polish one . 
  it is mainly controlled by the commissioners put into place by the democratically elected national governments , the council of ministers which consists again of democratically legitimized national ministers , and the directly elected members of the european parliament . 
  in top of that , states get to opt out of european legislation . 
  so when your national head of state says the eu did this or that , they mean themselves . 
  it 's just a very useful tool to blame `` the eu '' for stuff that 's unpopular domestically , but at no point did poland not have a say in all of that `` bureaucracy '' and rules . 
  the polish can elect whoever they like . 
  those elected can not dismantle democracy to manifest their power and make it less likely they get controlled or stopped by the other democratic institutions in the country . 
  you mean the democratically elected meps enacting eu rules that poland joined democratically , and that were jointly decided by the democratically elected heads of states of the eu members ? 
  pis wants to be part of the eu , they have to play by the rules their country agreed to like everyone else . 
  were talking about the democratically elected european parliament . 
  your post is too simplistic . 
  or they voted in favor because it objectively threatens democracy ? 
  at least the neutral venice commission , which has no stake in eu matters , thinks so . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  you do n't understand the purpose of checks and balances , meaning you do n't understand democracy and probably should n't lecture others about it . 
  outside . 
  you said `` at the european parliament '' . 
  i 'm saying that 's highly unlikely bordering on impossible . 
  but they wo n't , because of said protection . 
  to be more specific about this case , a cleaner will not possibly get anything dangerous inside . 
  source ? 
  at least student jobs here pay better than the shoddy troll factory you work in . 
  this is mostly football hooligans , as you 'd know if you could read . 
  in front of it , maybe , but even there there are soldiers patrolling . 
  there 's no way to even get inside the reception areas without being checked , as anyone who 's ever visited a eu building will confirm . 
  edit : fixed autocorrect they 're -  there, 
   ` bashing ' and ` against ' meaning no visa free travel because it causes lots of problems . 
  what would those be ? 
  and the same thing happened with the referenda about the eu constitution . 
  average actual retirement age in greece used to be higher ( no idea about now ) , too , because many people had to work in retirement to bolster their tiny pensions . 
  no self-respecting dutch person would wear a helmet . 
  reality has an anti-afd bias . 
  hence the potential for satire . 
  if they do n't want to be made fun of , they should stop being so damn ridiculous . 
   mostly payed by taxes and gez not at all by taxes , but exclusively through the rundfunkbeitrag . 
  gez does n't exist anymore . 
  may seem like splitting hairs , but the change means an effectively quite different financing model and did away with the annoying letters . 
  charlotte, 
  paying no attention ? 
  brussels has been full with military for months and the secret services and police just made a major arrest a few days ago . 
  they 're clearly paying attention , but the best police will not stop every crime . 
  that 's a reality of life , not the fault of europe 's governments being lax on security . 
  meh , still doing better than yours, 
  bullshit speculation . 
  unlike the op , which has actual sources . 
  right . 
  the post is clearing up the often propagated misconception that she alone is responsible for the sudden surge in migration . 
  a certain standard of decency could be expected even on this subreddit . 
  and no , it 's not about disagreeing , someone who does n't have better arguments than calling their opponents autistic ( that 's not even an insult , it 's just stupid ) excludes themselves from any rational debate . 
  sourced facts are not an opinion , even if they do n't fit yours . 
  how about the external circumstances like the actual war ? 
  welcome to the circlejerk , where sourced facts that do n't suit you are `` opinion pieces '' . 
  source for the last claim ? 
  also , should n't someone with your user name be against limitations on the freedom of movement in general , or have you never looked up that a-word ? 
  you said it was about legal vs illegal . 
  make up your mind . 
  oh that 's right , you just wanted to vent against foreigners , because you 're a scared narrow-minded bigot . 
  not that you 'd care , but calling entire groups of people parasites is something really only fascists do , and it says all about your expertise on the topic and openness to rational arguments that anyone needs to know . 
  can you point out the illegal act ? 
  because everyone has the right to apply for asylum . 
  the procedure decides whether that application is justified or not , not you . 
  anyone currently undergoing the asylum application process has a right to reside . 
  that 's the legal situation . 
  in that sense , i agree with your last sentence . 
  not understanding things is not a good reason to downvote , btw . 
  who 's immigrating illegally ? 
  you might disagree with current laws , but that does n't make them any less legally binding .
