is there even enough room for that ? 
  they do have real jobs . 
  she works at the un and he worked in the military and has a degree in water resource management . 
  we had the biggest celebration when we got a new king what i heard when it happened in belgium the reaction was ` meh whatevar . '', 
  * two years ago in 2013 . 
  yes was a massive celebration !, 
  not a sad day . 
  i was devastated when my bike i had for 13 years got stolen . 
  that is sadly necessary . 
  do n't think she likes it much either . 
  well most high schools have big cycle storage some even have assigned places . 
  so a big clunky lock is n't really necessary . 
  sadly enough we will hear about everything `` bad '' she will do . 
  so just wondering what does she write on a test ? 
  by her name ? 
  ca n't be her full name right ? 
  best i could find would be : ` catharina-amalia van oranje nassau ' ? 
  what is their everyday last name ? 
  what about a feeling of solidarity ? 
  nationality ? 
  hope in crisis 's ? 
  so every kid has the right for a bike . 
  you want to take her bike away ? 
  yea wondered that too . 
  wonder if one of the others score lower ? 
  vmbo basis ? 
  how would that be handled . 
  also it is a pity the security is needed but i would n't want a innocent girl to get harmed because of her name and her parents . 
  not really stalked . 
  we leave them alone for the most part . 
  there are some planned photo shoots and meetings with the press in exchange of being left alone . 
  a couple of years a tabloid broke this rule . 
  it was a big deal . 
  exactly it more a feeling of nationality . 
  look at wilhelmina in wwii and beatrix in 2009 . 
  well of course we do n't want the security to be needed but there are people that want to hurt her just because of who she is and who her parents are . 
  we ca n't just let that happen to some child . 
  there is n't ? 
  really ? 
  our monarchy still has to work for everything they are n't lazy bums . 
  they all have jobs . 
  they all studied . 
  well when we kicked them out in the 17 century the power vacuum it left was too much for us and france got sick of it and in the end invaded us . 
  after that we called them back and the country stabilised of course years later the power shifted to the second chamber when they ignored the kings dismiss of the government . 
  there is more than money , it is history . 
  also think back at wilhelmina she motivated us in wwii . 
  i could n't see some president to give the same feeling after a disaster . 
  first two years making them pretty independent in the classroom they know what to do . 
  then the third year we take that all away . 
  i did n't know she skipped a grade all i do wonder if there is a lot of pressure on her given she goes to this vwo school like everybody before here . 
  i wonder if that is always their level or if it is just expected . 
  well that can be discussed . 
  but their trade missions do bring business here i 've heard . 
  there is also more then money in my opinion . 
  well what i see it is an old grandma bike . 
  no manual breaks or gears . 
  there is n't much that can break . 
  even if your a `` special '' school you ca n't deny people access because of religion , ect . 
  ( not that i would see parents sent their kid to a school that teaches a whole different religion then they might teach . 
  but it can ) it just means that they have a number of how many students they allow in every year . 
  brother and sisters cut that line same with moved students from similar schools . 
  public schools are n't allowed to have a limit . 
  if they get 100 applications . 
  they have 100 new students next year . 
  not 40 like the special school . 
  juliana was also very free , did her own groceries and such would cut the line if offered . 
  also with the abdication of her daughter you can see how free and energetic she is . 
  while her daughter has always been very formal one in 2009 she became really emotional . 
  there are schools with different ideas on education but all get money from the government to run the school . 
  one thing to not is that public schools are n't allowed to turn anyone away meaning if 200 kids show up they have to find away to educate them . 
  while the `` special '' schools can have a limit on how many kids they allow in every year . 
  this is of course done blindly and most have the rule that brothers and sisters of a student are always welcome same with kids that moved and attended a similar school . 
  they did pay for them first right ? 
  well here comes cnn to make another documentary . 
  best one i 've seen yet . 
  luxenbourg was part of the netherlands until emma took the trone . 
  their constitution did n't allow for a female to lead the kingdom and so they left . 
  friesland had invaded groningen and drente ? 
  sweet , we get luxenbourg back . 
  says the country where you get yelled at if you ask for fresh milk . 
  oh it is way calmer . 
  we do n't involve family or personal life in our elections . 
  it is all about their election plans , and outbursts as politicians . 
  there were some sketches about our prime minister being single , and that only really came forth out an idea because of the possession about the first lady in the us . 
  sad thing is that our own elections will probably get less media coverage than the us elections . 
  i could be a way for the eu to do something in area 's of conflict without having people to stand up and say we do it . 
  they are n't . 
  they are in five months have you seen any campaigning ? 
  ok , that was how i hoped it would work . 
  just a separate army where people from the whole eu can sign up and serve under the eu flag , with most likely a small national flag under it for easier social interaction ? 
  here some of our politicians said they will try to judge president trump and not candidate trump . 
  with the added line that we might have to rely more on our own resources for overal safety . 
  well we have elections in march so buckle up and get ready for an other round . 
  or it could show the voters reason ? 
  ( positive thoughts ! ), 
  in all truth i 'm way more worried of american ideas about healthcare and education than i am of the islam . 
  because in the american ideas is money to be made . 
  america is always placed on this high pedestal , which just frightens me . 
  would this army replace all national armies or would it be a separate force under the command of the eu counsel ? 
  should we also build a wall to keep the americans and russians out ?
