  but wilders will never just get a majority or the seats in the election . 
  i do n't think any ever just got 75 seats in the election . 
  our biggest party now has 40 seats . 
  would this army replace all national armies or would it be a separate force under the command of the eu counsel ? 
  would this army replace all national armies or would it be a separate force under the command of the eu counsel ? 
  i feel that in europe sanders would 've won by a landslide . 
  well that are sayings . 
  if you say that and they do n't understand you can sit in the hole you dug and reflex on your actions or explain it . 
  you just got to fall with the door in the house . 
  if you both know that it is n't their native language you most likely are more focused on it . 
  always when i had to speak english there was eye-contact . 
  paying more attention to talking and listening and no other things . 
  i realised that this was something we do when i was in london and got some tea and the person behind the counter kept talking while turning around to grab something , it was strangely disorienting for a second . 
  or just start talking in your native language . 
  tourists here think that is also a solution to asking me where the thing is . 
  always when i had to speak english there was eye-contact . 
  paying more attention to talking and listening and no other things . 
  i realised that this was something we do when i was in london and got some tea and the person behind the counter kept talking while turning around to grab something , it was strangely disorienting for a second . 
  so nu is het daar negentig graden ? 
  yep . 
  wat jammer is . 
  maxima, 
  do n't fuck them , do n't give them any pleasure . 
  a couple of months ago a black guy in his twenties died because of a cop , something that does rarely happen . 
  ( three people in total i believe in 2015 ? ), 
  i did n't even knew his race until twitter showed his community had a protest with in front a huge blm banner . 
  which was weird on its own because there was a investigation going on the police officer , which is standard . 
  there was a officer a while back who fired his gun out side of protocol and he was jailed for a month . 
  also they had already sued the police officer at this point . 
  wonder if they will stop the boats tomorrow in amsterdam during the gaypride . 
  i would n't mind seeing a european army , next to the countries own . 
  only the eu army would be under command of the eu , and be send to places and missions where most states agree that something has to be done but non want to step up . 
  `` you 're belgian right ?! '', 
  heck , i also got a bit impressed , did you know he lived in egypt for 7 years !, 
  not my words but from the comment above me . 
  because you do n't most people just vote for the first name in the party , the favour votes is more by people who really did their research , something you clearly did n't do . 
  * come to the netherlands , but please not all 7 billion . . 
  well that ex stripper does have a good program in my opinion , but your right i should 've let her previous job and her looks guide me back to mighty geert with his minimal program ... 
  yea , you 're right 82 % turnout is really low . 
  you do n't vote for people you vote for a party , in which you can give a preference to a person . 
  if the party gets 10 seats but number 11 on the list somehow got the most votes of them all number 11 will get one of the 10 seats . 
  and new parties have a chance here to be elected . 
  they only need 0,67 % of the final vote to get a seat . 
  they can still put in laws and often can be the final piece of the puzzle on certain votes, 
  the postal ballot was one a4 , you marked the party and the number of the candidate you wanted to vote for . 
  there is always a coalition . 
  currently according to the polls the biggest party would get around 28 of the 150 seats . 
  i do n't think lots of people do think about the coalition , people just vote for the party they like best . 
  because a party only needs 0,67 % of the votes to get a seat . 
  each row is a party you can vote for a special person of a party but most will just circle the first name of the party . 
  well the one you got in the mail should only have all the parties and party members on it , it should n't have any circles to draw in and there are parties on the back , which is n't the case on the real ballot . 
  did n't the nos just post stories about how new ballets are being printed ? 
  there is nothing on the back , the reason the thing is so huge is because they did n't want to put any parties on the back . 
  you can only colour one circle red . 
  you vote for a party , but you can vote for different people from that party . 
  say the party gets 10 seats . 
  but you are number 11 on the party list then with enough votes you can still be getting one of those 10 seats . 
  you do n't vote for a candidate you vote for one of the 28 parties . 
  you can vote for a candidate of your choosing , ( and if they do get enough votes they can get a seat before others on their party ) because some have more experience in a field . 
  i know that lots of people vote for this special d66 guy because he knows it . 
  most people just vote for a party just mark the first name of the party . 
  the national news really called them specially designed . 
  also in turkish law if you 're from turkish parents you by default get a turkish passport making you a dual citizen by birth , i believe you also ca n't get rid of your turkish passport . 
  also such a surprise we have elections next week do n't you think ? 
  just precautions for demonstrations . 
  now there are about 400 people there ` welcoming ' their minister . 
  also most parties and people find it ridiculous that someone from another country gets to campagne in the netherlands for a law non the less that will give more power to a single person . 
  the ` funny ' thing about this i find is that if they would pull this in turkey now , doing this to welcome a dutch minister this ` protest / welcoming ' would be broken up a long time a go . 
  right ? 
  is n't it so that if your parents are turkish you by default are too ? 
  you just always get a turkish passport and i believe you ca n't get rid of it even . 
  yes really . 
  i think they tried it to make clear they were n't sponsored by turkey . 
  they do , all they are pretty bad . . 
  and the fact that multiple times american senators ( ? ), 
  broad out lied about our country that old people have to wear a bracelet to prevent to be euthanized something they have to afraid of at all times according to him . 
  or the time one talked about how one of our ministers had told him ( he did n't ) that having gays in our army made the army weak . 
  a small party named denk tried it , but it did n't pass . 
  maybe i think very negative here but would n't foreign votes be easier to falsify ? 
  this is why the netherlands wants the reactor in doel closed because it is to old , but belgium wants to keep it even open longer . 
  is there any way to learn finnish in the netherlands without going to english first ? 
  i looked but i ca n't find any dutch , learn finnish self study books . 
  why federalise europe as a default . 
  would n't it be more a step for democracy if we can figure this out without becoming one nation ? 
  i mean schengen works ( until millions of refugees use it and countries get spooked . ), 
  why not continue with an united army ( 90 % of each national army becomes eu , the other 10 % ? 
  well that 10 % would be expert at their own country 's terrain and tactical points . 
  would someone invade then there are people that ` know ' the country and not just general europe , if say the troops assigned to your country are n't from there , if you still only post troops at this country because they came from it , what is then the point ? ), 
  that is under command of the eu . 
  can be used for defensive missions without 100 % unanimous agreement but not for others without it . 
  and maybe this it the most stupid thing you ever read , if so i 'm sorry . 
  or maybe something smaller , would be to create one drivers test , given schengen gives access to all roads . 
  would n't the netherlands also be a candidate for a founding member at 4 . ? 
  we basically were a founding member in everything else . 
  so only if your country does n't have an embassy or in general , and later being transported to your embassy ? 
  yes , it is n't it !, 
  would the flooding barrier as a defence still work / possible ? 
  did n't you watch ` bassie & adriaan : de geheimzinnige opdracht ' and their hunt for puzzle pieces around europe ? 
  what happened to belgium ? 
  we also have similar buildings here [ example ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@52.3197453,4.9439891,3a,60y,164.66h,87.11t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1skkciawwza503gjig5ic7eq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ),
