  it 's from google search . 
  [ encapsulated . 
  ] ( http://www.netlore.ru/upload/files/1307/large_1_235.jpg ), 
  yeah , that would explain it . 
  i 'm just surprised that there are other russians who have nothing to say on the topic . 
  got ta love the absence of russian flags in the thread . 
  is n't it what he says openly , with all of his statements about how the states should shift the economic responsibility for their ( de facto today ) military to the countries they protect ? 
  it does n't look like he 'll keep the states pretending to be one superpower to rule them all . 
  it 's a wonder why the [ older and more canoic one ] ( https://youtu.be/xvegqdha18i ) did n't . 
  waiting for a crackling ice cream `` little osama '' . 
  maybe . 
  what 's it like ? 
  `` a surveillance camera ? '', 
  read that as counties and immediately started worrying for suffolk . 
  oh noes , so the protests were a ruse all along !, 
  actual russian news today : nothing changes . 
  careful with that . 
  usually people ca n't measure how much they 've taken , so when it melts inside them , they get more drunk than expected . 
  have n't seen a lethal case yet , but you might want to triple-check your dosage before digestion . 
  yep . 
  tasted like 100 % regret next morning . 
  there 's no snow in the picture , only condensed vodka . 
  fun fact : vodka , when cooled down with liquid nitrogen ( the exact temperature is -114 celsius ) , turns into a creamy white substance , which can be put on bread and eaten . 
  source : 4 years of part-time work at a nuclear fusion research facility . 
  title does n't check out . 
  that 's an easy task though . 
  `` putin 's billions to monopolize african infrastructure '', 
  thanks iceland , my ass is still salty over the disaster that was my last nullsec mining operation . 
  nice . 
  we ca n't even properly reinforce the afghan-tajik border , for fuck 's sake , what kind of expansion is cnn talking about ? 
  that one i 'm willing to believe more than the policeman . 
  nothing happens in this country without proper funding . 
  i believe that criminals have to be punished , and innocents protected , nothing more , nothing less . 
  it 's not incest if we 're just reenacting anime , right ? 
  there have been rumors that these peaceful protestors have broken a policeman 's neck . 
  if they turn out to be true , i ( personally ) wo n't speak in their favor . 
  must 've been a modern art installation . 
  now that 's pod racing all right . 
  nah , this was a case of * what about * , presented by you . 
  let 's switch roles for a minute here . 
  what about moroz , sheremet , buzina ? 
  is savchenko the next to be silenced for her noncompliance just like those three ? 
  note all the slaughter going on in ukraine since early 2014 , outside of the `` ato '' area . 
  is n't it cute how every news title posted on / europe in this subject mentions him being a putin critic , while none mention him being a communist in a country that puts heavy effort into decommunization ? 
  beating up gay feminists , of course . 
  of course there are no single ones , all the handsome ones are married already . 
   they have pushkin , tolstoy and dostoyevsky -- we have sex , drugs and rock \u2019n\u2019 roll . 
  for some reason i feel more comfortable imagining my kids behind a book than in a middle of an mdma orgy at a cannibal corpse concert . 
  with what kind of regulations they attempt to enforce , one would think of this as their full-time job . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  i 'm not a minority , but the absolute majority of people here can be described as `` moderately racist '' by europeans . 
  probably . 
  very few people call things racist over here , with the exception for nazi-related stuff , which is perceived very negatively . 
  however , people can and will joke about each other 's ethnicity all the time , in a way a eu citizen would probably find offensive . 
  this goes for all ethnicities , the major one as well . 
   lithuania, 
  anyone . 
  up to 12th week in most cases , up to 22th week in cases of rape-induced pregnancy , and at any point if there are medical complications for the mother . 
  there 's also a mandatory 2 to 7 days period before abortion to reconsider your decision . 
  iirc the government only pays in the last case , when the mother might die . 
  i might be wrong . 
  haha , no . 
   they < ...  steal and do propaganda for the government nice to know that more than one orthodox church does this . 
  they guy who said that visiting crimea was a crime sits in kiev . 
  first you 'd have to understand which part of the system 's hardware or software hosts the switch , then figure out a way to bypass it , then make the system function as intended again . 
  again , i 'm not an expert , but it does n't sound as simple as carjacking . 
  even our parliament speaker distanced himself from the statement . 
  that 's got ta count for something . 
  i do n't believe crimeans should be left without live music just because some big boss over in kiev said so . 
  when you quote a fascist ideologist , sure thing it is . 
  some other time you might stumble upon a religious fanatic claiming tsargrad to be a rightfully russian city . 
  as far as military rumors go , monkey models of advanced missile systems have them almost in every case , more often than aircraft for instance . 
  do n't have any source on this though . 
   \u0432\u0438\u0442\u0430\u0441 my god damned sides . 
  how about no . 
  the `` clusterfuck '' you describe sounds like a world of unoppressed ambitions to me . 
  sure , people will die , but that 's the norm . 
  as if that does n't happen to any other regimes . 
  i do realize that , as well as i realize that the very same thing that happens when regional centres exist happens in the presence of a global center , but unopposed . 
  kinda like that , yeah . 
  `` sp\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4sibo '' was the first word from an estonian i 've heard in my life . 
  oh , that explains why an ordinary citizen gets way lower prices then . 
  i can tell belarussian and ukrainian apart from russian quite easily , sometimes even distinguish between those two . 
  the western slavic group of countries also has a specific accent , but screw me if i can decipher whether a guy hails from poland or czechia . 
  finnish/estonian are easy to detect by their prolonged vowels . 
  german/austrian form yet another group . 
  then there 's spain and italy which sound about the same to me . 
  and last but probably most common is `` uk and all the others '' . 
  i hope they can not . 
  whenever there 's a clear leader of the whole world , there 's going to be dissatisfaction with them . 
  international politics can , and should , have multiple competitive centers of influence . 
  competition stimulates progress . 
  the best kind of communists . 
  they kept the ideology for the people and ingored it where economy called for it . 
  simply put , they avoided the union 's mistakes . 
  coup + success = revolution . 
  revolution + failure = coup . 
  sometimes exceptions happen . 
  it 's ok if / europe does it . 
  while they are , on average , smaller and weaker , many jobs these days ( quite a few highly paid among them ) require neither height nor physical strength .
