  it 's a respectful and positive word . 
  ivan 's . 
  blacksmith 's . 
  falcon 's . 
  pope 's . 
  note that in orthodoxy , pope means something like `` priestling '' . 
  swan 's . 
  i had a classmate in the uni whose full name ( sans the middle one ) meant `` swan 's hope '' . 
  no one seemed to notice , took myself a couple of years to get it . 
  novik is a five centuries old and long obsolete word , nowadays it sounds like `` new guy '' . 
  rookie 's . 
  frost 's . 
  peter 's . 
  wolf 's . 
  nightingale 's . 
  vasily 's . 
  name traces back to basilius . 
  pavel 's . 
  ~ ~ nothing !, 
  i said nothing ! ~ ~ 16 . 
  dove 's . 
  grape 's . 
  sparrow 's . 
  the list continues in the same manner . 
  animal themes , surnames denoting descendancy ( a function now carried out by middle names ) or belonging , with a spare trade related surname between them . 
  specify the position they 're competing for though . 
  we 're not trying to become a superpower , mind you . 
  i get that this is a popular meme in the west , but we do n't have the capacity to . 
  russia is trying to fill the niche it has carved for itself historically , namely one of a regional power around the eastern europe , the siberian wastelands , and the central asian deserts . 
  there is no competition on the global scene , as some like to paint it , there is competition where it concerns russian interests in the region . 
  you do n't see us messing around in central africa , sea , or south america . 
  as for the closer ties to the western countries , [ guess how many times russia tried to join nato . 
  ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2008-06-30/putins-labyrinth ) [ nope , more than that . 
  ] ( http://www.nato.int/docu/speech/2002/s021213a.htm ) [ and here 's an unrelated bonus . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2001/jun/17/russia.iantraynor ), 
  because laws , regulations , and constitutions exist . 
  exhibit 1 , the right to life . 
  in most countries , murder is outlawed . 
  would you call murder a crime or a violation of human rights ? 
  most call it a crime . 
  would you call a death sentence a crime or a violation of human rights ? 
  there 's a country on this planet , a rather important one , where it 's neither . 
  exhibit 2 , the right to freedom of opinion and expression . 
  would you call the persecution of isil recruiters a violation of human rights ? 
  would you call the persecution of people or an organization suspected in attempting a revolt a violation of human rights ? 
  we can continue doing this for every article of the unjversal declaration . 
  all of the problems that are called human rights violations nowadays are regulated by local law . 
  when a government is accused of violating human rights , it 's in most cases a gentle way to state `` we do n't like your local laws '' or `` we do n't like how you execute your local laws '' packed into a fancy lunchbox . 
  `` that country violates human rights '' sounds better than `` look , we have a problem with what that country wrote in its laws '' , because the latter sounds like an attack on sovereignity . 
  ca n't have that . 
   and that 's simply russia pursuing its own interests - it 's just a shame that russia 's interests require holding countries hostage in order to prevent them from joining with russia 's perceived enemies . 
  exactly . 
  that 's what the big politics are all about , pursuing your own interests , measuring the consequences , making decisions , then justifying them to your population . 
  case in point , the second ukrainian revolt in xxi century . 
  russian interest : to retain close political ties with a country populated by people with a similar language , culture , largely shared history , and same religion . 
  nato interest : to further reduce russian influence close to russian borders , preferrably to remove it at all . 
  nato decision : observe ; the eu association process is good enougb for a start . 
  russian decision : exploit eu 's penny-pinching and propose an economic deal undisputably more beneficial for ukraine . 
  consequence : eu association halted . 
  russian reaction : observe . 
  nato reaction : remove the unwanted political force from the picture in ukraine via a color revolution scenario . 
  consequence : yanukovich deposed , replaced by a nato-friendly government . 
  nato reaction : observe . 
  russian reaction : salvage the critical assets in reach . 
  consequence : crimea . 
  it all works on very basic and pragmatic principles . 
  there 's little room for emotion or compassion in intrernational politics , it 's business . 
   i really do n't want to have mix of `` multi-culti '' with `` white man burden '' as you offer oh i dare you point to a specific sentence where i 've mentioned either . 
  you know full well what kind of re-education i 'm talking about here and how much the proponents of multiculturalism , `` human rights '' and other first world constructs hate us for employing it in the past . 
  as for the borders , our southern border with nato . 
  to believe independent `` ichkeria '' and dagestan will stand unaffected by american and turkish influence is naive . 
  you do have some for yourself though . 
  or are you one of those know-it-alls that have a solution for everything , and bail the country when things go sour faster than the euromaidanites bailed theirs ? 
  you 're saying that we should undermine our own national security by weakening our borders , and create at least two hot zones right next to ourselves , all for the sake of getting rid of an ethnicity or two that you do n't like . 
  that is one of the most pathetic ideas you as a russian can come up with . 
  look at our history . 
  in early 1200s , there was an ethnicity more violent and dangerous in our lands . 
  where is that ethnicity now , and where are we ? 
  and yet you propose to shame our predecessors by running away from a smaller problem . 
  the solution is reeducation , which our country has done plenty of times before . 
  i do understand that the current government is ill suited for this task , but secession equals capitulation . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , secession precedent wo n't lead to less misery . 
  if served in a right way , pretty many . 
  not a majority , i 'd guess , but a noticeable amount . 
  what they do n't get , though , is that a single breakaway region sets a precedent . 
  that , and cutting border territories that lie in rough terrain means willingly endagering border security . 
  no whining about human rights , and we have a deal . 
  [ this would be a good advice to our ambassadors , ' :*) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw2kkyju9gy&amp;t=130s ) edit : if we 're talking seriously , it 's not a question of money . 
  take the imperial borders , substract poland and finland ( so better just take the unionite borders ) , and that 's going to be a rough estimate of where most of the people 's border of `` we have zero reasons to spread further '' lies . 
  poland has been too latinized from the beginning of our common history , same goes for other slavic countries within the germans ' immediate vicinity . 
  we do n't have enough in common to form a common country peacefully . 
  even if by some miracle poland ends up within our borders tomorrow , what are we to do with it ? 
  even the communists , with all the mistakes they made about handling nationalities , understood that assimilating it would require an amount of time incomparable to history 's pace . 
  that was 60 years ago , and history has n't been slowing down since . 
  it 's not impossible , there are methods for that , some more effective , some with less collateral damage , but the general order of magnitude is compared to the life expectancy in the assimilated region ( because that 's the measure of how fast the verbal legacy of a culture dwindles ) . 
  i 'm not an expert , i 'm talking out of my ass here , but let 's say that poland 's assimilation takes two full lifetimes , so around 1.5 century . 
  can anyone vouch that europe stays calm for so long ? 
  hell , we 've had two global wars over the course of xx century , and i 'm pretty sure humanity can find a way to circumvent mad and have another blast killing itself in this one . 
  even in such a simplified scenario , anyone vouch that borders stay the same after it ends ? 
  and that 's why integrating anything outside of what 's been proven as a reliable part of the country would be an irresponsible waste of resources at this point in time .
