  dnd alignment , anyone ? 
  wonder which side would be sentenced if they did n't make that mistake . 
  not even an / s ; communism was quite a religion itself . 
  judging by how wasted finns tend to get in spb , you have an area in which you 're more eastern european than any eastern european country . 
  when asked to explain the arab countries , one of my friends who was studying the region 's politics replied `` sunnis want to kill shias , shias want to kill sunnis , both want to kill some kurds , and everybody wants to eradicate the jews '' . 
  should poland be cautious ? 
  i 'm not trying to say anything more than i 've already said . 
  not every part has a government at all . 
  for those of us not versed in german ( myself included ) , here 's [ something ] ( http://booktable.info/articles/the-german-22959 ) in english on the same topic . 
   the authorities of the federal land lower saxony have warned the staff of regional police about possible detentions and polls during the private trips to russia . 
  the ministry of internal affairs of the federal land lower saxony located in the north of germany warns the staff of regional police against private trips to russia . 
  the dpa agency with reference to the press secretary of the low saxon department has reported about it on thursday , august 10 . 
  several cases when the german police officers have been detained in russia became known to the land ministry and are subjected to polls concerning their official duties . 
  earlier the focus edition has reported that , apparently , the case which has happened to three german police officers in st. petersburg became a reason for concern . 
  law enforcement officers were in a private trip in a cruise across the baltic sea . 
  when they have landed in st. petersburg , the russian frontier guards have detained them , despite valid visas , and were interested in their activity and internal office processes . 
  as notes focus , pressure `` in connection with suspicions of possible espionage '' has been put upon police officers . 
  as approves the edition with reference to sources in the berlin security services , this case was not the only thing when pressure from the russian frontier guards was put upon the german government employees . 
  in this regard the ministry of internal affairs of lower saxony has advised police officers not to specify a profession at trips to russia . 
  however , in the federal ministry of internal affairs consider that such approach can only do much harm : if the kind of activity becomes clear when checking on border , in that case charges of espionage can really threaten police officers . 
  to put it mildly , no shit sherlock . 
  british , french , polish etc. 
  government-affiliated tourists can easily get in the same situation too . 
  i mean , it does n't take a lot of global tensions for the eu to put pressure on russian visitors . 
  back in late 2011 , when the matter of georgia had already been put into the drawer , and the protests were on the rise , getting russia a lot of praise on plurality ( compared to the usual ) , a guy from my uni group had to make a business trip to france . 
  once the embassy employees learned where he was studying , he had to come to them and spend two and a half hours talking to a couple of suspiciously nice guys in suits about his political preferences , absence of contacts with our local special services and on and on again . 
  all because he was studying fundamental science . 
  now tell me , what sounds more dangerous , a plasma physicist on a trip to one of the most successful countries in the field , or a group of police tourists in a less than friendly country that 's widely known as a `` desolate shithole '' or what have you on their side of the border ? 
  left to right ? 
  become anime and marry your sister . 
  she will look at least somewhat like mom . 
  only 4chan 's [ s4s ] may know . 
   leave your glasses on ( they 'll fog up in no time ) and never , ever get talked into a trip to the sauna with co-workers or in-laws . 
  must have been during the kalmar union . 
   having an obnoxious yappy chihuahua for a neighbor means they can use that as an excuse to build up their military we already have that covered by the baltics and ( since recently ) ukraine . 
  take my flair , you deserve it . 
  compared to our uniform , it 's gray . 
  they still use the soviet uniform design . 
  okay , it 's very desaturated green , not quite gray . 
  gray , not exactly green . 
  i really doubt moscow would have to use its own army for that , when the belarussian one is more than enough . 
  it did n't change for foreign policy though , as they are n't based in russia . 
  it 's literally happening you guys, 
  paranoid man prevents political assassination attempt following russian threats to montenegro - every first page tonight , calling it . 
  given that there are zero big players involved , there is unlikely to be a lot of reaction . 
  yep . 
  simplified , what you do here is build a plant in a couple dozen kilometers from a town , alongside the railroad , and voila . 
  you get cheap logistics , you 're already plugged into the power grid , and a backwater town gets its life blown back into it . 
  all valid . 
  the third point varies from country to country and can be avoided altogether if you build plants in relatively depopulated areas . 
  right , add `` violently suppress any attempt at obtaining nukes '' to the list . 
  as far as i 'm aware , abkhazia 's and south osetia 's legal status has n't changed in 2008 , so seeing how that georgian territory had n't been considered occupied prior to that , i suspect fp shows bias in its title alone . 
  the solution is simple : turn their migrants away and cut off most of the aid . 
  let them learn how to stabilize their population instead making sad sounding social ads about starving children . 
  of course they 're starving , just like any species that 's outgrown its ecological niche . 
  let 's see , there are four major parties in the parliament . 
  i wonder if there is . 
  others have answered this already , so i just have to add a couple of points . 
  firstly , most of renewable sources produce an unstable flow of energy , which is n't good for any energy transportation or consumption network in existence . 
  secondly , while advertised as clean , renewable sources are not necessarily such . 
  for example , the production process for solar panels is [ quite toxic ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/energy/2014/11/141111-solar-panel-manufacturing-sustainability-ranking/ ) and requires quite some electricity , which ( to me ) leaves the total amount of energy an average panel can produce over its lifespan after you deduct its own energy cost . 
  it may be negligible , it may be great , i do n't know . 
  the sure thing is , when the solar panel is no longer usable , it continues being a chemical hazard , and i 'd rather bury a relatively small volume of radioactive hazard in a deep drilling operation than worry about recycling tons and tons of solar panels on a constant basis . 
  wind energy , while is definitely friendlier to the environment than dams and all the related jazz , produce vibrations due to all the big rotating parts , and the question is whether those affect the wildlife around them substantially or not . 
   any, 
  [ the mentioned article ] ( https://www.kommersant.ru/doc/3121183 ) and [ rosatom 's official \u2122 list of nuclear plants under construction ] ( http://www.rosatom.ru/production/design/stroyashchiesya-aes/ ) . 
   in 2018 you 'll need a bank account connected exclusively with a mir card to withdraw any government-issued payments . 
  eh , if you intend to believe that no bit of information coming from russia is to be trusted , then we 're at a permanent standstill . 
  russian media has no freedom to it , meaning if it goes free , it 's lying , meaning it 's still under total control . 
  it 's a pity you choose to believe in a self-fulfilling prophecy , but there 's nothing i can do about it . 
  so much salo wasted :(, 
  \u042a had a large article on the topic a couple of weeks ago . 
  turns out kirienko did a pretty good job ( at something at last ! ), 
  leading rosatom , and we 're building quite a few plants at home too . 
  nuclear power really is the future , especially if the transition to high-temperature heat conductors or to turbineless submarine-like reactors happens . 
  carbon emissions will take a dive as well . 
  it 's a great source of energy , granted it 's handled carefully . 
  i 'm not too sure on the definitions either , but what i do know is that a comparison of our current elections to the soviet ones is unwarranted . 
  contrary to the popular opinion , opposition and foreign press do work here , and most of the problems navalny ( that 's the one that 's all the rage with the westerners , right ? ), 
  and his party or movement or what 's it called these days encounter , come from their conscious choice to ruin their appeal in the eyes of the majority . 
  there 's a lot of crony mentality up top , but should the people stop supporting the ruling party , it 's possible to change the system . 
  however , it 's simply too popular ( not in the least due to putin ) for that to happen for now , so strictly speaking , russia 's more or less a democracy where one of the parties has overwhelming popular support . 
  if memory serves me well , the first time the concept of mir was introduced to the public , it was supposed to be something like a contingency plan in case the regular payment systems would get forbidden from working here . 
  no idea why they had to promote it as another worldwide service . 
  i doubt even russians understand what its upsides are as long as competitors are in the game . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  their methods were tailored to their times . 
  are n't they respected for their accomplishments ? 
  they sought to unify parts of europe , after all , so would n't it be logical to remember them as some kind of predecessors to the eu ? 
  keep in mind that i know little about european mentality save for how people behave on the internet . 
  people like giuseppe mazzini and otto von bismarck , the great european unifiers . 
   one is pro-democracy and other is openly against democracy . 
  are you sure you 're not confusing democratic and liberal values ? 
  because russia sure is n't liberal , but as far as democracy goes , we 're more or less okay . 
  so in short , `` everybody knows it '' . 
  i wo n't dispute that a frozen conflict worked towards russia 's interests in the region , just like transistria or ( now that ukraine 's estranged to us for a significant while ) dnr/lnr , as long as it stayed frozen . 
  your implications are laughable at best , though . 
   two top rank german politicians top rank politician my ass , she 's a nobody . 
  cast your fears away , no one 's going to hurt you . 
   georgian parliament wanted these russian forces gone  in the absence of opposition deputies still waiting on sources for  what these `` peacekeepers '' did was arm the ossetians and let them rampage , kill georgian police or capture and humiliate them .
