  and as far as i know , the expertise is on his side , so you do n't even need to get defensive . 
  note that i did n't even call him guilty :  the black digger is on trial for child pornography allegations , which are a bloody complicated mess and so far , he 's got a solid position in this mess , and i 'm no lawyer to judge this professionally . 
   edit : please also add proof of him claiming the photos are art as you said in your op . 
  my ass and memory . 
  i may well be wrong . 
  why am i not surprised that this is from the guardian as well ? 
  it 's an existing practice , it 's hard to get links to such resources though . 
  know anything about the silk road ? 
  now that the crackdown is in effect , such trade has moved to publically unknown deep sites . 
  on one hand , it 's hard to gauge how much of this is going on now , on the other , at least a commoner wo n't be able to buy people online now , this means a somewhat limited circle of people involved in the trade . 
  not necessarily a decline in the volume of the trade , though . 
  take a look at the comment by @gromfe . 
  he almost answers your question . 
   controlling memory is at the heart of the putin regime in russia . 
  not only has stalin been rehabilitated , with new monuments built to honour him across the country , but historians and human rights activists who work to document stalinist crime have come under political pressure . 
  some , like yury dmitriyev , have been tried on trumped-up charges . 
  and rewriting the soviet past does n't just serve domestic political purposes . 
  negating the crimes of soviet occupation in central and eastern europe , and excusing the molotov -- ribbentrop pact with the nazis , provides justification for moscow reclaiming its `` zone of influence '' . 
  there 's so much wrong with this statement . 
  the black digger is on trial for child pornography allegations , which are a bloody complicated mess because by all logic , he 's pretty guilty , and though his art claim is plausible , it takes knowledge to perceive those photos as art , while by default anyone interested in fucking children can and will use them to obvious ends . 
  his work is good and needed , though , there 's no discussing it . 
  soviet rule was the definition of a mixed bag , and the amount of progress that 's been had during it means not that we can just forget the costs it came from . 
  the decision to understand the necessities and push on ahead despite the costs takes a lot of willpower . 
  this bravery and stoicism , which is perceived as stupidity and barbarism from the outside , has been part of the russian mindset since forever . 
  the problem is , most of the vocal politicians abroad , and them some within our own borders , do n't understand the need to look at both sides of the coin , and work hard to skew the perception of the union to one side or the other . 
  in times when rhetoric of hate is actively cultivated across the globe , not lastly in the most civilized countries , it 's damn hard to walk the thin line and remember both the good and the ugly . 
  about our zone of influence . 
  is n't madam nougayr\u00e8de dostorting history on her own ? 
  she should look a small 30 years deeper into the past and find out that said sphere of influence has a much longer history . 
  do n't expect russia to step away from it . 
  russians are prone to respect the past and the work our ancestors have put into building this country of ours . 
  we are n't giving up on it lightly . 
   in xi jinping 's china , any mention of the horrors of the cultural revolution or of the tiananmen square massacre is stamped out because it 's seen as a challenge to communist party rule . 
  collective amnesia is what the regime seeks on issues that risk undermining its legitimacy . 
  it 's not enough to throw dissidents in prison or censor information ; the past is purged . 
  the few chinese i 've been able to talk to on the internet are pretty aware of the blood running through their recent history . 
  is it just me , or does this `` opinion '' look like a misinformed one ? 
  when they were coming here last time , i went online to reserve a couple of tickets the moment i saw the first banner in the streets . 
  there were exactly 0 tickets remaining . 
  try putting it down and stepping away from it , 
  that , and you 've got to hold on to it . 
  have n't the rebels found several sealed crates with that stuff simply abandoned around debaltsevo back in the day ? 
  ca n't be bothered to look it up , but i believe there was also stuff like mines and counterbattery equipment . 
  newsflash : toponyms sound different in different languages . 
  there 's no city called `` moscow '' in russia , it 's a name stitched together by that evil oppressive anglosphere to humiliate russia !, 
  do n't be so desperate . 
  there are quite a few you have full right to blame the union for . 
   considers, 
  brb asking the post to print varshava , lvov , and vilnyus on our postal marks . 
  i sure hope that 's due to the fact that almost no one rapes women anymore in sweden . 
  people make do with 1.5 . 
   also , with that amount of money you can register yourself as officialy poor , and communal service will be twice cheaper . 
  oh right , forgot about that . 
  it might be doable , then . 
  there is one , but i honestly have no idea how much it scales . 
  most employers keep the base salary ( monthly salaries are much more common in russia than hourly wages ) low though . 
  i feel like we 've drifted away from it quite some time ago . 
  for 7500 a month ? 
  man , the communal services alone will eat half of that . 
  it 's a chessboard , the players are still human . 
  that means 100 % more people mistrust eu than trust it . 
  if x is the percentage of people who trust the eu , then 100 % = x ( trust ) + 2 * x ( mistrust ) = 3 * x ergo , x = 33 % . 
  a third of your country 's population trusts the eu . 
  human nature does n't change over a century . 
  just like back then , not a single country playing big politics is cute and innocent , so do n't tell me the whole western europe has its hands clean . 
  france has vested interests in mali . 
  some locals do n't like that . 
  some of these locals are fans of daddy putin , which is a worldwide phenomenon . 
  that 's all there is to it from my point of view . 
  yep , there 's a fraction of workers getting paid the same way here . 
  at some point , it was even the majority ( ? 
  my condolences . 
  my coffee costs an order of magnitude less . 
  are you completely sure it was n't germany ? 
  russian empire was on the winning alliance , and yet , the communist party continued pressing the line for the `` own government 's defeat '' , and then signed a separate peace on draconic terms . 
  did give him a lot of land though . 
  we 've just been over this . 
  around half a liter not enough , if he was still that active . 
  speaking from experience . 
  clarification : for $ 0.7 , you 're most likelyeither living off the land , only employed for the papers ' sake , or about to starve in a very short time . 
  a realistic minimum wage you can live with in a big city is about 2.5 to 3 dollars . 
  just as we do n't know if anyone 's funding the guys in the photo . 
  calm down . 
  poland 's not the one to complain . 
  holding a sign that praises a certain country/leader counts as being funded by said country/leader in this thread . 
  if territorial cessions do not , i 'll gladly leave . 
  lenin had no chance of ever getting to russia without german help ( he was in zurich at the time of the revolution , and there was a world war going on ) . 
  the german government went to such lengths as providing him with a sealed train so that he could later claim to have had no dealings with the enemy come the massive territorial losses post-wwi ( as a part of the winning alliance , mind you ) , making a direct investment into the second revolution . 
  the rest is muddy as hell , and probably wo n't ever be disclosed . 
  should 've asked us for the occupation reparations . 
  i can name one . 
  it brought practical communism into this world . 
  that 's how things often work on the local level , so this practice is nigh likely to remain in place in the closest future . 
  sometimes it 's hard to tell if the regulation is political or based on a real problem , however , since romania had n't been shipping live pigs to russia in a while prior to this , it 's likely not a political thing . 
  because one would be hard pressed to implement inherently ineffective political sanctions . 
  then there are ducks . 
  do n't forget about the horror that are ducks . 
  i would have a source on this number . 
  sure does n't feel like 79 % from over here . 
  putin 's russia 's putin , obviously .
