  who else would be so xenophobic as to fund a protest against a `` foreign presence '' ? 
  trump did n't have anything to do with this new law iirc . 
  now that 's discrimination and what 's more , impossible carelessness in the face of the upcoming pastapocalypse . 
  look at the signs : even in mainstream digital entertainment , prey warns us about the great impasta coming to seduce us away from the true ways of italian cuisine . 
  national emergency 228 : a man got punched , coming soon to a theater near you . 
  add a deus vult ( or a kyrie eleisson ) on top , and we 're good . 
  that 's the line i 'm telling you these days . 
  many are also going to claim that trusting the states is wise . 
  hell , the only government you can trust is the one you 've elected , and that 's only on national holidays . 
  you 're right , and that 's exactly why television is turning into such a cesspool in many countries . 
  when entertainment companies think they can allow themselves to lower their standards , they will , and that 's what happens when they see their current demographics . 
  tbh a lot of our state tv is garbage ( because it 's aimed at the elderly generation that 's going senile with every passing second , extremely bored housewives old enough not to be fond of computers , or straight up fans of cold-stamped criminal romantics ) , and a lot of our commercial tv is garbage ( because it 's aimed at office ~ ~ plants ~ ~ workers that need a cheap laugh as they finally get drunk after a full week of mind-numbing work ) . 
  that said , most of the news is pretty calm and easy to watch without vomiting from the amounts of patriotic rage , if you exclude poisonous shit like kiselev 's saturday ( sunday ? ), 
  evening issue . 
  silly me for thinking they were better than that . 
  they us is n't doing anything listed . 
  it 's about to introduce sanctions listed in the document , from which anyone 's free to make their own conclusions . 
  if european bureaucrats feel it can affect european economy and there 's no solid ground to deny it based on the document-in-question , then they 're entitled to their interpretation . 
  protip : fsb deal with internal affairs , they know little more about ukraine than yourself . 
  i forgot nothing breaks in russia without a political reason . 
  here 's a simple question : has russia ever cut off a country that had n't been breaking the contract ? 
  it is highly unlikely that you watch russian news . 
  contrary to what the memesters would have you believe , the general tone is more like `` look , europe wants our cheap gas after all . 
  lel@the_situation.com, stay tuned to find out whether or not they have the balls to speak up '' . 
  russia in general is much less of a cartoony evil empire full of braindead zealots than the average outsider is led to believe . 
  however , i must be a braindead zealot as well and ca n't be trusted , so we have a self-fulfilling prophecy over here . 
  not that much left to fund , i 'm afraid . 
  the underlying problem that led to conflict has been resolved . 
  they 're loyal to nato , so that 's not happening any time soon . 
  looks like the vocal opposition works along the same lines everywhere . 
  ukraine was n't the country being warned , just as it was n't the country sponsorong a revolution on its own soil . 
  of course it looks awesome , but i ca n't shake the feeling that it 's endangered . 
  tbh a reporter out of all people should 've known better than to come close to a para on august 2nd . 
  this is the day when you steer clear and let those crazy guys swim drunk in the fountains . 
  it 's a warning . 
  russia 's been warning other countries not to go stupid for over a decade now . 
  alas , no one listened , and the second ukrainian revolution was funded . 
  the outcome is negative for most interested parties . 
   russia started to have a very bad tone with us , their representatives started to speak with obnoxious and arrogant tones , i do n't think it will go well with us public and us congress . 
  do n't you worry , american politicians have never ceased annoying ordinary russians , so now we 're on the same page at least . 
  you must be a literal hitler to call the horrible soviet legacy a work of art . 
   hammer and sickle  has n't been demolished yet smells like zrada . 
   ask the hundreds of people he 's done it too , while asking people to attack them , especially immigrants . 
  no one gassed the germans for gassing the jews . 
  if you do n't like the guy , do n't become him . 
  it got a facelift and some botox after 2008 . 
  over here , you 're technically a criminal if you do private military contracting , and no one 's obliged to give a shit about you when you live or care when you die . 
  in the army , you 're bound by your oaths , employed officially , and your family gets ( some ) social support when you kick the bucket . 
  duh , this time around mod has every justification to send people in officially , so there 's no other term to describe russian civilians in the fighting . 
  report me . 
  damned if i know . 
  maybe it 'll be coordinated through the state services system , which knows its clients ' passport numbers and the related data anyways . 
  they 're guilty of * crimethink * . 
  save for some blue balls maybe . 
  it says something like that , but who knows . 
  i 've given up on trying to understand rkn 's logic . 
   russia initially focused on providing air support to syrian forces , but the rate of casualties points to more ground intervention . 
  to clarify , most of the losses during air support missions come from the ground recon teams . 
  they have to operate inside enemy territory , find and identify objects of interest , and hang around to light them up for the pilots to deliver precise strikes . 
  that 's the way it usually works , because it 's still more efficient than trying to pick out targets from above or via drones . 
  if there were ground operations underway , apart from spec ops and engineering stuff like clearing minefields and the like , we 'd be seeing much larger numbers , and the local social media would be bustling with activity . 
  also , i really do n't get married people who willingly sign up for pmc work . 
  the only excuse to endanger your family so is active service or draft imo . 
  all right , so the article says there 's going to be an option to turn the filter off for adults . 
  wonder what 's going to be the penalty for doing so . 
  that 's cost-efficiency for you . 
   let 's say by 2025 putin is gone , and russia stops it 's aggression towards ukraine . 
  putin . 
  if you honestly believe the issue lies with putin and putin only , you should probably stop thinking so much about putin , or putin will start thinking about you . 
  putin . 
  have i said putin enough times to sound like a western media outlet talking about ~ ~ putin ~ ~ russia ? 
  this kind of a union is impossible in the close or medium future , mainly because it 'll only happen when russia is broken and has to beg for support . 
  mind you , there has been such a case , and the very same putin ( thought i should 've mentioned putin ) asked to join nato on multiple occasions . 
  the response was inconclusive at best , and fifteen years later , we 're in this situation . 
  lesson of the day : when russia asks to be your friend , do n't leave it cold and lonely . 
  yup , just like he beat him all those earlier times . 
  his movement scored what , 2 % of the vote ? 
  simply fantastic , with all the free pr they 've been getting from the media over the last five or so years . 
  the administrative pressure had n't been the main problem for these guys since may 2012 , i believe . 
  they had the support while they were in some vague opposition to putin and demanded honest elections , but then shifted their focus to the `` political prisoners '' , most of whom turned out to be ex-oligarchs and straight up con artists . 
  they also ruin their image by making unpopular statements on the issues of syria , crimea and the like . 
  their only guaranteed support is the highly `` progressive '' youth from the capital cities , or , to put it into a tacky english word , millenials . 
  no surprise they fail so hard . 
  to be short , it does n't take a putin to beat this particular part of the opposition ; their own pr department is more than enough . 
  ignorance is bliss , i guess . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nakh_peoples https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavs different ethnicities , different mentalities . 
  there is a trap of translation for the word `` russian '' , as in english , it refers both to nationality and ethnicity , so while chechens are russian by the virtue of being a part of russia , they are far from russians in their mentality . 
  that 's the dumbest shit i 've heard in a while . 
  cue the loud rap music . 
  damn son , even our government does n't do this . 
  i 'd say chechnya is mentally closer to sa than to europe . 
  they 're simply different , and to understand where they 're coming from , you 'd have to look at the world through their eyes , which is hard to do from over there in europe . 
  mind you , i 'm not defending them , imo the gay issue is already handled great on the federal level . 
  mortally dangerous torture is way overboard . 
  yet theirs is a morality based heavily on religious values , so they follow them with their trademark enthusiasm . 
  from their point of view , they 're doing the right thing , so there 's not much wrong with them . 
  the only major thing there is , is a different mentality , and i believe europeans are meant to respect that . 
  then again , people are being tortured . 
  you succeeded at electing a tv show host though . 
   the german government and business leaders have said the new sanctions passed this month by the u.s. house of representatives could prevent german companies from working on pipeline projects that they say are essential to germany 's energy security .
