  1000 hours of social labor is still a more humiliating solution . 
  probably good . 
  his rating dropped to something like 1 % , and his president did n't like him much , neither . 
  reforms were n't going too swiftly , neither . 
  iirc the question of his resignation or replacement was dancing around since last year , and the parliament could n't gather 226 votes to throw him out . 
  wonder what finally made the department of state tell him to resign though . 
  clarification : it 's good that he 's out , but it 's definitely not good that he needs to get out in the first place . 
  hopefully less of a problem than today . 
   moldova did you , by any chance , mean bessarabia ? 
  seriously though , the only way to differentiate between you guys is `` estonia was a part of sweden way back in the day , lithuania was a part of poland , latvia 's neither , and all three are basically kaliningrad under original owners '' . ^ : ^ ), 
  we also eat , drink , breath , and curse . 
  ca n't build a common world on that . 
  i do believe that we can cherish our respective values and yet not brace for war . 
  it will happen as soon as we leave each other alone , so each of us can cherish our values separately . 
  russia has a pretty well defined area it requires to control , and for all most of us care , you can try and mess the rest of the planet up as you like , unless you turn it into a glassy desert . 
  we can have mutual respect and effective dialogue in such conditions , a dialogue conducted from a comfortable distance . 
  the burnt out , smoked to the core cynics will jump at the opportunity , because they 'll have hard proof that we have nothing crucial to fight over . 
  look at the graphs , around the time when such conditions were met . 
  usa had a pretty positive image , did n't it ? 
  all your country has to go back to that point . 
  but it wo n't , will it ? 
  we would do good to play folk music together , by the way , because there 's not much we can do in this situation . 
  both of us have ambitions , one to rule the world , another to restore the country that lasted for centuries . 
  as long as we have these ambitions , we 'll clash , again and again , and no amount of pink pacifistic goo will solve the problem , unless one of the sides budges . 
  it 's not a question of self-importance , it 's a question of purpose , of our perceived missions in the world . 
  and it 's unfortunate that you somehow draw a conclusion about a natural enemy from my words and the graphs that show otherwise . 
  what i 'm saying is `` you 're different . 
  get out '' and no more than that . 
  we can coexist peacefully , but for that , we have to keep our distance , both of us . 
  russia has given up the union 's global ambitions back in the early nineties , for free , as an invitation to do the same and live in peace . 
  what came out of it is that conflict came to our doorstep and walked right in . 
  and still you talk about effective dialogue . 
  it is no dialogue when only one side is participating . 
   i do n't know why you seem to be under the impression that most of the citizenry over here views our government as absolutely benevolent i wish i had the luxury of worrying what american citizens think , that 'd mean the absence of worse troubles . 
  what matters is the result , the policy creators that are citizens as well , and their genuine representatives , if american constitution is to be believed . 
  they paint the states as the harbinger of democracy , the enforcer of international laws and the protector of some shady concept called `` human rights '' . 
  if your ( as in your the people 's ) position is different , then what are the states themselves , not a country of triumphant democracy ? 
  that 's all just florets , though . 
  the berries , the most dangerous words , lie in your edit . 
   well , for starters i 'd rather the world not remain divided . 
  see , this is an ideal , a dream of a world where there 's no more pain and sufferring due to conflict , where there 's peace across the whole planet , rainbows and butterflies . 
  many leaders before yours have attempted to unite the world , some even thought they 'd succeeded . 
  however , people are different , and different people have different moral standards . 
  re-education can fix it , although at a price , but for some reason , last time we tried it , your side got so upset they hate us till this day . 
  not sure what 's up with that . 
  another thing people tend to have is ambition , and ambition is neither curable nor in need to be cured . 
  ambition is what makes us improve , move forward , and move history with us . 
  for an example of what happens when ambition is out of the picture , consult any piece of dystopian western fiction depicting a total victory of communism . 
  monochrome people , monochrome buildings , monochrome thoughts , everything in gray . 
  1984 may be suitable , never watched it in full myself . 
  do you wish to live in such a world ? 
  i sure do n't . 
   i also believe whole heartedly that the average russian and the average american are far more alike than they think . 
  do you now ? 
  i get that you know many things about your compatriots , but what do you know about us ? 
  do you believe that people who value order have much in common with people who value freedom ? 
  do you believe that people propagating acceptance have much in common with people enjoying a common ideology for them all ? 
  do you believe you , a country of runaways who find it easier to bail to a better place than to solve their problems on their own , can find a common language with us , people who have clung on to the same inhospitable land for over a thousand years even though it was a pretty stupid thing to do ? 
  how do you picture a folk that 's had to wage two major wars in its whole history , talking to a folk that 's written its history with its own blood ? 
  tell me , american , do you believe that russians and american are alike or do you believe in making russians be like americans ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gloossfu6cm ), 
  and what do our beloved paragons care about their public image in a failed state with a gdp comparable to california 's ? 
  are n't they always in the undisputed moral right ? 
  it is , but it 's so much more than that . 
  do the germans , nordics , or saxons have similar cultures and alphabets due to their faith ? 
  is the difference between eastern and western mentalities dictated solely by faith ? 
  faith was a big deal back in the day , but it was n't the only deal . 
  pagans who were converted , adopted not only the holy teachings of the missionaries , but often much of their lifestyle and philosophy as well . 
  for most of western europe , the romans played the part of such ideological colonists . 
  for us , it was the byzantine empire . 
  there 's more to it though . 
  the romans fell apart , and francia happened , and the holy roman empire happened , and all of them had about equal moral rights to call themselves successors to the old empire . 
  byzantine , however , was losing its last ground as our own lands unified around the traders of moscow , and not many orthodox countries were having a good time , so by the time peter i was crowned emperor , the succession just kinda manifested itself . 
  maybe succession is not the correct word , but the feeling of historic continuity is there . 
  hey , who are the russians to tell the paragons of our world what to do and what not to ? 
  it has received more coverage than the american elections ( or at least it feels so ) . 
  it 's not much , but people are informed . 
  the general consensus was like with iran , chuckling at americans for being unable to keep their policies up , and cheering for cuba for having persevered . 
  here 's an approximate list of countries that could get their own meaningful rating during quieter times : uk , france , germany , italy , spain , switzerland , poland , finland , greece , probably serbia . 
  the rest just do n't have solid enough images here to be perceived individually . 
  after 1991 , many things communist were hailed as criminal , and many things us were hailed as produced by the one and only beacon of democracy and justice , the ultimate knight in shining armor , the us . 
  people starved , people drunk themselves to death , people devoured drugs , people got shot in the streets , but they believed there was a light at the end of the tunnel , and that light was the triumph of democracy just like in the states . 
  one of stalin 's most known articles was called `` dizzy with success '' . 
  we were dizzy indeed , with american success . 
  needless to say , the light at the end of the tunnel turned out to be an incoming train , as it always does . 
  just die !, 
  norway : vikings and power metal . 
  finland : : : : -- ddddddd sprolo parde burrro brode lololol : dddd estonia , latvia , lithuania : sprats , i guess ? 
  what 's even there in those countries ? 
  poland : their language is funny . 
  belarus : potatoes . 
  ukraine : their language is much funnier than polish . 
  georgia : wine , choires , all around good people if you keep your belongings safe and your girls hidden . 
  azerbaijan : good for tourism , like almost any place in those mountains . 
  edit : just kidding . 
  seriously , do n't try it . 
  china : they became what the union failed to . 
  mongolia : have you even seen how their nomads look like these days ? 
  satellite dishes , solar panels , it 's like they prepare people for a martian expedition .
