   the west is not the same thing as nato , mind you define your understanding of the west , then . 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  we 're on a collision course right now , but i 'm fairly sure we still identify as ourselves . 
  for a country that 's currently basing its identity on opposition , look a little bit to the southwest of our borders . 
  swedish news : `` the russians are seeking to overtake belgium militarily . 
  they tried the same here with marines loaded onto invisible submarines , but we warded them off with gay signs on buoys and a feminist foreign policy . 
  take notes ! '', 
  finnish radio : `` russia 's existence is a threat by itself . '', 
  baltic politicians : `` the bombings served to create chaos in which putin 's sleeper cells inside belgium would awake and bring the country under a communist rule . '', 
  ukranian officials : wait , they 're not even in eu . 
  turkish pm : `` the bombings were carried out by russian long-range stealth bombers . '', 
  french , british , and german news agencies ( together ) : `` the uproar we see today was intended to give boost to the far-right parties in belgium , which putin can fund and control later on . '', 
  all : `` putin is an autistic sociopath indulging in pedophilia . 
  such fiend is most likely to order an atrocity like yesterday . '', 
  do you mean something like the above ? 
  same place where your desire for serious conversation is . 
  i 'm not about to take an accusation of bullshit from someone who immediately dismisses events he forgot about as made up . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberia_airlines_flight_1812 ignorance , you say . 
  oh , you by no means have to do a single thing , love , but i was under the impression that you came here for discussion . 
  discussion usually implies being familiar with the subject at hand . 
  see , this is the exact kind of reaction i 'm talking about . 
  i like the following part the most :  dude , are you out of your mind ? 
  what 're you talking about ? 
  google is an easy tool to use , and `` sbi1812 '' is not a search term that 's likely to bring you irrelevant results . 
  read up , then we can talk . 
  the only solution i can recommend is to grow a thicker skin . 
  he 's not stopping anytime soon , since there are some people of voting age around who think the same things he says , but seriously . 
  do you feel the same way about stand-up comedians as well ? 
  there is a difference between a parliamentary and a jester . 
  he is our jester . 
  sometimes a brawler , too , but he 's more entertaining as a jester . 
   i think the silent majority feel just like you said - they do n't really care . 
  does n't that sum his behavior up ? 
  he was more vocal about not caring , sure , but silencing him is hardly going to change the fact that millions have read the same news article , thought the same thing , and then condemned him for having such an awful opinion . 
  you 're pretty much the first who admitted that you care about as much as he does in this thread , right ? 
  this was all i was asking for , some honesty . 
  what else do you propose , ignore everything and just blindly believe that someone out there hopefully cares ? 
  this is n't kindergarden anymore . 
  do you think people over here care ? 
  do you believe swearing he 's an exception will fix it ? 
  are you convinced that many on this subreddit or around europe , hell , around the whole western world care about dead russians ? 
  let 's review some instances of that explicit european solidarity with the russian people preceded by european reaction in similar circumstances , but when the victims lived closer to home . 
  from around day 1 , there was a global sentiment that the russians did it , that this crime would not go unpunished , that innocent lives were sacrificed to feed hitl - err , stal - err , putin , yes , putin 's bloodlust . 
  everyone and their grandmother expressed their sorrows on the social and regular media and wherever else not . 
  yeah , i believe russia got some official apologies . 
  ha , the man who was ousted in 2004 ( 2003 ? ), 
  under the excuse of being a `` russian puppet '' outright stated that worse things happen , get over it lads . 
  ukraine has still not admitted responsibility . 
  was there any substantial reprehension of such behavior ? 
  israel made a statement , i guess . 
  a couple of chechens bombs a marathon in boston , killing three . 
  the news go nuts . 
  the russians bleed for something like a decade trying to put down a major revolt . 
  the news brand them as barbaric tyrants oppressing the glorious freedom fighters . 
  an organized terrorist cell delivers a number of acts of terror to paris in a single night . 
  130 dead . 
  we all remember the atmosphere clear enough to warrant no explanation , i hope . 
  nord-ost , 130 to 174 dead ; beslan , 330 dead in a bloody school ; several apartment buildings straight up demolished . 
  what was the reaction ? 
  oh , let me refresh those memories : `` you guys killed your own ! '', 
  this is how much the europeans care . 
  you can deny it , sure , but a tiny number of people will feel like your promises that this latvian does not represent the silent majority are worth as much as his apology . 
  inappropriate my ass , it was 146 % appropriate from his point of view . 
  look , i 'm just a bitter russian tired of getting lied in the face . 
  i do n't ask much , just for people to be honest instead of politically correct . 
  you 'll have to do better than that , a professional clown with an electorate of people creatively flipping the bird to every other candidate is n't much of a carreer . 
  oh , i guess they do n't show his calm interviews over there in lithuania since it 'd damage an otherwise perfect image of a russian aggressor . 
  and then the outsiders worry about the evil xenophobic russians . 
  how dare they persecute someone they accuse of criminal conspiracy against their own people . 
  call your congressmen and demand to bomb moscow right now . 
  for 17 years and counting . 
  that is true . 
  our world is just beginning . 
  hell , i 'd prefer the outside world to know anything about the meaning of the word ` nineties ' over in russia . 
  too few people know what it stands for . 
  well , there 's al-qaeda . 
  power play ? 
  lewd !, 
  operation snow storm soon ? 
  the question is not whether it 's wrong or not , it 's about title editorialization . 
  the rule was made for a reason . 
  well , as long as they were n't flying above them and opening the hatches , it 's not that bad , eh ? 
  maybe one day people on the other side of the barricades will understand there 's much less of a difference than they think . 
  that 's called ignoring the market . 
  because even in democratic countries , the government 's line of thinking is that people should see only what they need or want to see . 
  transparency is not the step on which our budget bleeds money . 
  it happens a bit later , when the powers that be use their own plans for ass-wiping . 
  they 're not nearly as effective at it as specialized platforms though , and likely several times more expensive . 
  i doubt getting a point or even a topol to kola would be a problem . 
  should they magically transform into awacs , strategic bombers , ballistic missiles or other high-value military equipment , yes . 
  s-x00s are an overkill for hornets , they exist mainly to neutralize nastier potential and real threats . 
  thanks , never thought that `` french anti-extremism caesar '' could be a real job . 
   anti-extremism tsar what, 
  it 's more than a right , it 's an obligation which requires its subjects to die if necessary . 
  i see a problem with making more people die . 
  equality over self-preservation ? 
  that 's one hell of a dumb wish , and i say this having served my time . 
  because people already pay a high enough price for national ambitions . 
  might as well spare the fairest part of humanity a fate like that . 
  for what reason ?
