  of the living , mikhail veller . 
  he 's not a comedian per se , but his bitter , venomous humour always gets me . 
  zhirinovskiy gets the first place on his very own honorary podium . 
  i 'm no poet , so here 's a free-form translation of what nekrasov wrote in 1863 . 
   there are women in russian villages  with calm importance on their faces ,  with a beautiful force in their motions ,  they walk and they gaze like queens  it takes a blind one to miss them ,  and sighted describe them as such :  `` she passes like sun radiating !, 
   her look 's like a rouble for a gift ! '', 
   a beauty , for the whole world to wonder ,  so rosy , so shapely , so tall ,  pretty in any clothing ,  skilled at any trade . 
   endures both hunger and freezing ,  always so patient and straight ...  i 've seen her work the scythe around ,  one swing means one stack is done !, 
   in a game , a rider wo n't catch her . 
   she 's not the one shy to aid :  she tackles the maddened stallion ,  she enters the burning hut . 
  same account , mate . 
  minus three seconds . 
  it would mean cultural assimilation . 
  it 's 146 % , get your memes straight . 
  that 's a long word for friday . 
   russian-backed websites promote conspiracy theories -- 9/11 was an `` inside job , '' zika was created by the cia last i heard , 4chins was owned by a jap . 
  i agree , the populace should prefer local disinformation to foreign disinformation , but it 's the local governments ' job to ensure this . 
  if rt with a total budget of just 200-something millions can stir up enouh trouble that foreign media holdings have to give them free publicity by denouncing them , it just means that there 's something wrong within the countries that `` suffer '' from its influence . 
  this is the kind of headlines best responded to with memes . 
  man , you just had to go and ask . 
  now they 'll feel obligated to keep it like it is . 
  well , the media does a good job of describing russia in a very specific way that maximizes their clicks per visitor . 
  our internal problems wo n't rake in any kind of rating . 
   we simply do not know . 
  oh , but we do . 
  there 's a number of ethnicities on the former union 's territory , and pretty much any of them can be found in moscow , our local babylon . 
  in the absence of an all-encompassing ideology people can , and will , divide by ethnic groups . 
  here 's the result . 
  look who 's read too much / europe . 
  one has to be blind , deaf and dead to ignore the problems over here . 
  on the other hand , those foreigners who notice those and proceed to rub them in the face of every russian they meet hourly can fuck off . 
  good . 
  peaceful norway does n't need to . 
  imperceivable . 
  `` internet should be safe '' sounds like the only one that can be used globally . 
  it will suffice , though . 
  oh for the love of fuck , it 's a backup hardware setup and probably a money sink as well . 
  if the internet does n't get limited from the outside , the government will need a good explanation to limit it on their own . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not news , neither . 
  because making a ups for your computer always means isolating yourself from the power grid . 
  of course not , that 's what others are for !, 
  because visiting russia officially would be a great zrada . 
  are you ? 
  it 'll be funny if this argument outweighs the brits ' own problems with the eu . 
  it 's st. andrew 's cross , taken from our naval ensign . 
  plot twist : it 's dnr/lnr disguised as australia . 
  to be honest , the imperial military was pretty good when free from the high command 's extreme stupidity . 
  til tpb has pre-orders now . 
  georgian color revolution , the first one in the ex-unionite space . 
  it was closely followed by nato '' s baltic expansion and the first revolution in ukraine . 
  we would be the last ones , but i doubt we would be standing . 
  it 's a question of national pride for the finns when it comes to banyas/saunas and alcohol , and for us it 's a question of `` we are n't going to lose to the fucking finns of all people , are we ? '', 
  hell , that 's a lot of meat . 
  rip pigs . 
   i have no idea what you 're trying to say here . 
  it shows . 
   distracting people at home by starting a war with the guys in the next valley has been a political game since recorded history began still on the same track ? 
  you know , there are times when i regret that our language sets up a natural informational barrier . 
  they 're few and far between , but this is one of these times , so congratulations . 
   seeing as that 's the invasion that started the conflict in the region and all one could argue that the regional conflict began back in late 2003 , you know . 
  should be fun if you two never get caught , i 'd imagine . 
  there need to be international drinking contests . 
  among ira , vikings , wave rulers , and pekkas we already have some impressive competition . 
  firstly , he was talking about russia , and secondly , i doubt it 's the number one problem for the people in the region . 
  there are worse problems to worry about . 
  wait , are you serious ? 
  this turned serious really fast . 
  what 's the exact disease ? 
  which regions are affected ? 
  if you believe that politics can avert attention from the food on your table or the clothes in your wardrobe , it means you 're yet to have a problem with either . 
  [ and bread . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/smusx8airyy ) also , since we 're already in this thread , how are the pigs doing ? 
  going by banyas , vodka , climate , and suicides , they may as well be . 
  there are a few countries around that share a similar sentiment . 
  it 's a fun private party with underage hookers , right ??????????????????????????????? 
  have n't been abroad yet , but here 's what foreigners can say over here . 
  * sure is chilly today . 
  * wow , that girl is hot !, 
  * wow , that girl is ugly !, 
  she 's probably not russian . 
  * i looooove your accent , tee hee * but where 's the dictatorship though ? 
  * it must be hard on you to go sober so many days in a row . 
  * have you ever thought about getting a green card ? 
  * why not ? 
  * that 's disturbingly nationalistic of you . 
  * that 's racist . 
  * that 's sexist . 
  * that 's fatalistic . 
  * you must be a communist . 
  * i do n't understand this . 
   who even has a putin photo on the wall to undermine her credibility further pretty many officials have the president 's photo in their rooms , sometimes in conference rooms as well . 
  not sure if there are any regulations about it today . 
  posting in a russian thread . 
  i dunno , i always feel the taste of pigment in the bagged tea . 
  might be paranoia . 
  tea bags ? 
  guards , dismember the heretic !, 
  one warm and another one extra warm . 
  b-but i do n't add lemon as a rule neither !,
