  i do n't get his point . 
  or 28.6 % of budget revenues as of 2016 . 
  still kinda high . 
  damn , we should be the number one nato member with 5 % : ^ ), 
  oh , i 've heard too much of this to be alarmed . 
  it 's the way things are and have been for several centuries , and they 're unlikely to change . 
  it 's 20 + years too late to support the chechens , by the way . 
  like the spanish and portugese empires , hell , like the german empire of old . 
  it 's a national holiday over here . 
  it 's usually dedicated to family , love , friendship , you know , all the kind and warm things in the world . 
  if it can , it 's in its best interests to do so . 
  russia is n't waiting for them to strike . 
  ca n't you guys just celebrate this happy national holiday in peace like we do ? 
  jesus , this day is supposed to be about love , friendship , all the warm feelings in the world , not about conflict . 
  was n't the only one to be proud of . 
  quite a sad thing that recalling the past achievements slowly becomes taboo in modern days . 
  correct . 
  the collective west is left with very few options to correct russia 's course , and with next to no effective ones . 
  our people wo n't listen to the west until the conflict either ends or loses its meaning . 
  the former plays neither in american nor in chinese hand . 
  the latter means radical changes in european borders and allegiances . 
  the article elaborates on that . 
  the problem with that is , putin 's going to have high approval for as long as the sanctions are in place . 
  siege mentality is easily justified when there 's foreign enmity around . 
  you 've narrowed the circle of suspects by one . 
  i do n't get it . 
  which one is at war with ukraine : united russia , russian federation , putin , the russians , or kgb ? 
  that would be an interesting political development to watch . 
  who you 're going to be is your choice only . 
   disallowed submissions :  < ...   \u0417 . editorialised titles : use the original title of the article , or add text from the byline or the first paragraph where necessary ( for clarity ) . 
  refrain from including your opinion within the title or arbitrarily emphasizing selective segments . 
  nice to know they can . 
  no one needs extra casualties within the former imperial territory . 
  sure . 
  still doubtful that they 're worth the peninsula . 
  doubtful . 
  crimea 's combined political and military importance is too high to hand the area over due to foreign pressure . 
  shamefur dispray . 
  nah thanks , i prefer my countries christian : ^ ), 
  eminem - survival, 
  this is survival of the fittest this is do or die, 
  it happened . 
  it passed . 
  it left a notable track in the history books . 
  generally , yes . 
  their economies have major ties to ours or chinese , and many central asian workers migrate to russia to make money . 
  neither of the countries involved are interested in drifting too far apart , because then everyone will have to maintain an assload of new borders , which is kinda costly to say the least . 
  however , some of these countries have nato infrastructure in them , so it 's not all simple . 
  like all of the post-soviet people . 
  do n't worry , they were n't the first journalists to earn money off clickbait and wo n't be the last . 
  basically , like this :  7th of january not 25th of december you heretic fucks  adam and eve not adam and steve ok  praise jesus, 
  yeah , that sounds about right . 
  on the odd chance it is n't , some will have to burn . 
  it is very grim . 
  hell , one of the most positive personas associated with the local politics ( although she had publically denounced politics on multiple occasions ) died there . 
  the mentioned ensemble ( alexandrov 's ) ~ ~ is ~ ~ was a pretty damn good one as well . 
  add some journalists to top it off . 
  this 'll be a loss to mourn genuinely . 
  that 's the reason our border guards and special forces reinforce tajikistan 's border sometimes . 
  it 's too costly to enforce new borders when you can guard the existing ones . 
  as a bonus , it makes returning to the old borders easier . 
  not this fast , lad . 
  got ta have some sense of style in these affairs . 
  surprisingly accurate . 
  it really is the new norm . 
  terrorism , shock art and commercial scam does n't work the other way around . 
  as soon as the people learn to react in cold blood , they are more or less safe . 
   implying anyone will quit drinking brake liquid after this haha l mao lad fortunately , the younger generation is generally better than this . 
  there is no `` right '' . 
  the most incredible thing is that a lot of foreign companies will be on the list as well . 
  in fact , most media outlets that have ever existed will be listed . 
  would n't have a high approval rating if he did n't . 
  if we start counting all the media outlets that have at some point changed their staff , we 'll get a long list . 
  because breitbart is literally a russian hitler as well , and this way literal russian hitlers can shill for both candidates while drastically reducing any left-wingers ' chances . 
  good i-oh wait , that 's already been done . 
  a new stellarator is always an exciting event . 
  ' ... who is likely to have a miserable approval rating and a popular `` far-right '' contender . ', 
   / int / posts smh tbh fam, 
   / int / posts smh tbh fam, 
  one does not shoot an idea to death . 
  isil still has plenty of unstable [ at least partially ] muslim countries to come to , if not in the middle east then in africa . 
  what the hell . 
  note the difference between georgia and ukraine . 
  the `` peacekeepers under fire '' scenario was not repeated . 
  next time , it 's going to be something else as well , and hardly in the baltics . 
  with all the precautions being taken over there , it would be unwise to deliver that strike . 
  this guy gets it right . 
  putin is as patient a man as he is incompetent in some areas . 
  should we get less lucky with the next president , things may turn bloody for almost everyone . 
  that is , if the westerners do n't fuck the world up earlier , what with their new nationalistic rage , which is a welcome but dangerous thing . 
  because the only interesting places in russia are sad , right . 
  because the only interesting places in russia are sad , right . 
  best post of the week . 
  you do n't live on our roads . 
  you die on our roads . 
  also , kazakhstan is not in europe . 
  i love this part :  the russians are using totally different weapons to create an alternative reality . 
  they want to disorient people , to make them feel unsafe . 
  so does anyone not feeling safe fall under the `` disoriented '' category ? 
  maybe the `` russian spy '' category ?
