  the ones insisting on a degree of autonomy based on ethnicity did , yeah . 
  they do sound pretty racist , though . 
  `` your honour , i humbly request to redefine the charges as artson . '', 
  yandex is good though . 
  good , that redeems his active participation in the war on the other side of the frontline . 
  does not get him a toponym . 
  it can get hot here though . 
   the cars lack a/c weird . 
  these models are going extinct over here . 
  that 's solvable by hiring belarussian transport companies . 
  he became an extremist and intended to kill people himself to achieve that . 
  there 's a certain kind of logic in there . 
  time to strike an alliance with france . 
  destabilise the country and prepare it for a russian annexation , what else ? 
  did n't you know he was employed by fsb and personally putin ? 
  can it be called destabilisation though ? 
  the article talks about the german public being misguided by foreign critique , though . 
  that 's a task of a different caliber . 
  so let me get this right . 
  german reality and free speech to back it up are so unattractive to the germans that russian critique , outsourced at that , can destabilise the country . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again : if the situation is this bad , then the problem lies not with the critique , dishonest if it is , but in the reality being criticised . 
  it 's hard to create massive turbulence out of thin air . 
  on top of other things , paramilitary forces can easily be repurposed to pacify internal opponents . 
  within today 's agenda , something or someone could be simply branded an agent in the russian hybrid war against freedom in order to morally justify the usage of paramilitary against it . 
  sounds pretty convenient . 
  problem number one : migration control ( effective lack of borders in central asia included ) . 
  problem number two : migrants ' attitude . 
  problem number three : drunks with guns . 
  our opinion on outsiders is separate from these problems and does not fully apply to central asians . 
  a european is more likely to encounter such an opinion . 
  here 's something from a country with about the same percentage of titular population as germany . 
  sure , ancestry alone can not define a nationality . 
  that said , it helps a lot . 
  nationality , in my view at least , is defined by shared culture , shared history , shared language , shared values and so on . 
  nationality is an identifier , something for the people to associate with , and thus is like glue that holds the society together . 
  in its turn , national identity has to base itself on common properties of the people it 's supposed to unite . 
  and so it often draws on entities like the language of the dominant ethnic group , its literature , music , history , and so on . 
  if a man comes to the country to embrace these entities , make them part of himself , and protect them if necessary , he can be considered a national with no need for ancestry . 
  if one leaves your country in search of a better life , and in doing so abandons his very language to the point of having troubles speaking it , can you call them your country 's national ? 
  i know i ca n't call them russian . 
  ancestry is a highly reliable and tested way to pass on the listed attributes of a nation , though . 
  there 's no need to make it shunned on , especially when there is little faith in that the migrants come to assimilate and not just make more money . 
  that with the injectable drugs more or less in check compared to earlier . 
  if people just get more careful about sex , the problem might become easier , along with the abortion rates . 
  did n't mean to sound this way . 
  cheeky ? 
  thought he was asking about foreign tourism only . 
  greece , sometimes spain . 
  greek embassy was critically overloaded in early may . 
  gaben gib south-east russia, 
  around 3 euros at a supermarket , or half that or lower if you buy from the grannies , or free , coming to your countryhouse very soon !, 
  gave a translation earlier . 
  it means that 1 believes 2 would n't dare to do something , 2 dares him to bet , 1 accepts , and there 's quite a lot of xdd involved . 
  i 'm also drowning my failure in vodka ( fourth bucket so far ) , so austria should be up for grabs in further sessions . 
  oh , i just meant that i 'm yet to meet a sober ( or at least sober enough to talk comprehensible english ) finn . 
  must be my luck . 
  wew , i must be really poorly versed in local celebrities . 
  started to type my response , but work got in the way . 
  in addition to what other guys have said , * the language barrier is a bitch . 
  a real bitch . 
  it 's not like switching between latin-affected languages . 
  ever tried talking to people who attempt to learn russian as a foreign language ? 
  it 's easier to downgrade to english than that , but it 's still a very alien language . 
  * who 's interested in learning about russia ? 
  people around reddit , at least , seem to be satisfied with their image of us . 
  * russia is a pretty big country with a lot going on inside it . 
  looking outwards is rarely a dire necessity . 
  they 'll need to turn 180 from `` she 's an enemy and she will sit down for a while '' to `` it was the plan all along '' . 
  they wo n't do something as desperate as this . 
  and if they will , they 'll be stipid . 
  i 've rarely met one in a good enough condition to talk coherently . 
  hardly . 
  that 'd go against their official stance of being not hostile towards ukraine , and besides , they 'll try to talk as little as possible about her release . 
  they do n't like to show weakness , and the fact that the sentence that should have been set as an example does n't get carried out can easily be seen as weakness . 
  wow , are you a russian apologist ? 
  no , wait , you must be a cryptorussian invading europe !, 
  the hybrid war is nigh !, 
  i just wonder whether or not her return benefits poroshenko in the long run . 
  yeah , that too . 
  the law about donbass ' autonomy was never made permanent though , so there 's that as well . 
   only 1,5-2 % of the population can not speak ukrainian . 
  i 'm from moscow , have zero relatives from the south , have never been to ukraine , and still know a tiny bit of surjik . 
  surely the old guys can speak some language . 
  yeah , that 's a finn all right . 
  source : a couple of vacations in saint petersburg . 
  it shows that they only count the registered ones . 
   russians are sore losers  now let me write a full article about this fact  i swear i 'm not a loser, 
  iirc the idea of keeping the rebellious regions within ukraine was on the table since the fighting began , but the other side could not accept the degree of autonomy the regions would have . 
  the paving on nevsky prospect , spb used to suffer serious losses once , due to enthusiasts , down to even really proper and intelligent looking 50-something old women breaking pieces off of it as souvenirs . 
  god damned fetishists . 
  it 's all about the culture . 
  now , with a criteria like this identification gets pretty tough , and sometimes even impossible , but imo culture is as accurate as it gets . 
  cultural borders and classifications are fluid , so people are not really tied to the geographical location of their birthplace . 
  take kant : how can he be russian if he 's never written a single coherent sentence in our language ? 
  his birthplace is no longer of the culture he belonged to , but history does n't change retroactively ( it does sometimes , but that 's a whole other unrelated discussion ) . 
  so yes , if someone migrates and integrates into another culture , it 's fair for the receiving country to claim them . 
  sometimes cultures die , but the legacy left behind is still of that culture . 
  take the union problem you brought up . 
  a wide array of products of various arts left after belongs to social realism , and a wider array still belongs to the soviet culture as a whole . 
  there is no heir to the soviet culture , so there is no change in the classification neither .
