  peace since the end of our southward expansion . 
  how is putin related to me cheering the sanctions ? 
  posted on that topic recently . 
  it 's always nice to see other countries punish or at least temporarily hinder the people that hurt ours . 
  seconding the `` what '' post , because a single one wo n't suffice here . 
  if you take a look at history books , persian and russian states have been on good terms since at least 1600s , save for the times of our southward expansions . 
  ate an apple this morning without thinking of putin . 
  take that , poland . 
  maybe that 'll make the government withdraw from wto . 
  ^ lol no , they still seem to believe they can milk the oil cow, 
  and since when is kissing or holding hands banned here ? 
  on the topic of abstract principles , i can name a couple of those as well : morality and moderation . 
  liberty is good , but without restrictions we willingly put upon ourselves in the name of such concepts , it will inevitably lead to decline . 
  there was discussion about it , but i do n't recall that particular edition being passed . 
  what 's your point ? 
  public depravity is not and should not be legal regardless of the participants ' orientation , unless it happens in a hippie state . 
  still legal to fuck whom/whatever you want in private ( given the presence of age and consent in case of humans ) . 
  eh , i think it would 've . 
  at the time , being the one expected to continue yeltsin 's course , he was the impersonation of stability , maybe a shitty one , but stability nonetheless . 
  i doubt people would 've chosen a right-winger over him , as most of them were known to have exploited the perestroika heavily for their own gain . 
  maybe the communists had a shot with their steady voter base , but for every loyal communist voter , there 's always a voter that 's going to vote in anything but communists . 
  the important part is that he had that vote in his pocket as yeltsin 's direct heir . 
  as long as our soldiers died daily , we did not achieve victory . 
  as long as chechnya holds a special status among russian territorial units , we do not achieve victory . 
  some do n't believe it was worth it , some are too young . 
  imo it 's better to build a better today than to argue about what 's been done . 
  exactly . 
  the president is old , long live the president . 
  works wonders within our mentality . 
  except it was neither quick nor exactly victorious . 
  the author seems to forget that putin was brought into power mainly by yeltsin 's words . 
  under-the-carpet politics are rarely affected by civilian deaths . 
  i wonder how much firepower would be considered necessary to stop putin if he goes crazy , straps an ak onto himself , and invades a nato country . 
  hostile to whom ? 
  italians ? 
  the only countries the current russian state can be considered hostile towards are those that were parts of it until recently , those that have shown their hostility by taking full credit for its dissection , and those that seek to bring it further down . 
  and even if i can understand the obsession with russia , which is more than a few centuries old , the obsession with its current ruler i do n't get . 
  there are more putins per line on an average english-speaking forum than a russian one . 
  it 'll happen as fast as a russian-iranian-indian-chinese-turkish-jap alliance , although it does feel comfortable when the main southern threat grows smaller . 
  the incredible thing about westerners is how strongly they 're obsessed with putin . 
  it 's wonderful how to make europe whole and free , the russian state that had spent centuries upon centuries of work to make itself what it became needed to be broken up . 
  of course ostpolitik wo n't work , but neither will a forceful one . 
  we 're past naive beliefs that europe wants to coexist with the russian state in any iteration . 
  his surname and looks are n't russian neither . 
  / r/outoftheloop reporting in . 
  his name is ismail . 
  he 's not ethnically russian . 
  obama says . 
  wew lad , we do n't even practice circumcision that often . 
  the boys higher in the comment chain said a lot , and i 'm no economist . 
  the everyman suffered a sharper price growth than usually , especially concerning electronics , where it was close to 100 % , a drop in real employment to add to it , and enjoyed a rise of patriotic feelings . 
  nothing too lethal . 
  i 've been saying this from the start : we can outlive the sanctions , and if they lead our economy to at least some kind of self-sufficiency , then they 're for the better . 
  as an added bonus , personal sanctions are a step on the path of `` nationalization of the elites '' , as they can show some of our officials that a plan to bail for a foreign country should things go south wo n't always work . 
  personally , the only area i 'm really hurt by the sanctions is electronics , which doubled in price across almost all of the market . 
  ca n't afford to break my headphones now . 
  it 's part of our masculine charm . 
  we tend to play multiplayers to relax . 
  now football , football is serious business . 
  torn to shreds , according to obama . 
   russians are mongols/bit slavs i thought this meme was 4chan exclusive . 
  ~ ~ hl3 ~ ~ ww3 confirmed . 
   they really hate us please clarify whether you 're serious or not . 
  an exceptionally fresh observation . 
  should n't it be the danish dream ? 
  that may be due to the fact that they 're mostly immune to the dangers of ~ ~ female supremacy ~ ~ modern feminism . 
  there are people that do , and there are people that do n't . 
  there is a lot of either kind . 
  takes a stoic to stay calm talking to a certain kind of foreigners, 
  there are a few that do n't . 
  an empty pipeline is a failed project . 
  is n't nord stream 1 operating under its documented capacity as it is ? 
  yeah , #### you , you ####### . 
  dressed herring is never called french . 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  it tastes pretty good to me . 
  olivier . 
  it 's called god damned olivier . 
  it 's french you bloody frogs , take credit for an awesome salad you shits . 
  over 150 officers killed in 2013 , over 2000 wounded , going by mia stats . 
  looks like we do drink more than the finns after all . 
  mrs. merkel pls . 
  not online , at least !, 
  wonder how many governments will recognize him as a persona non grata after this . 
  russian response is `` temporary '' as well , mind you . 
  agricultural import restrictions are scheduled up to the 6th of august . 
  edit : see jackson-vanik as well . 
  do point me to a specific quote where i mentioned tatar shame . 
  the one who should be ashamed is you . 
   it is shameful to pretend that a handful of russians set on segregating themselves from other ethnicities represent the population of a whole region . 
  our parliament , unlike mejlis , accepts citizens of any ethnicity . 
  no need to go on a whatabout stroll where you know it 's unrelated . 
   what happens in mid-2017 the next extension . 
  this kind of thing is what politicians do when they do n't want to push each other further away with permanent decisions . 
  no , we are talking about the mejlis supporters . 
  no , tatars forcibly removed cumans from the area in the years long past . 
  stop being such a baby about downvotes , they happen to everyone . 
  it is shameful to pretend that a handful of vocal individuals from a select ethnicity set on segregating themselves from other ethnicities represent the population of a whole region . 
  this is simply another `` agenda pushing '' post . 
  see , i can do this too .
