  sorry , my mistake , it 's [ 200 thousands of putin 's finest ] ( http://en.censor.net.ua/news/342018/200000_people_concentrated_in_ukraine_by_putins_order_their_arsenal_being_constantly_replenished_poroshenko ) . 
  i really wish to have two upvotes for you . 
  their mission is hardly connected to personalities . 
  it does n't matter who rides the roads of war under the club 's banner , as long as they pay respect where needed . 
  it 's some kind of a collective pilgrimage , if you wish . 
  so should we consider osce russia 's agent providing misinformation , since it speaks against what a country with a moral high ground claims ? 
  and please , the peace is more or less in effect . 
  remember georgia ? 
  you 'll know instantly if ukraine 's under attack and not just crying wolf in hopes of getting more money from the imf or whoever their government 's new dairy cow is . 
  props for coming up with a good riposte , though . 
  comments of the `` i dislike russian media and government , so instead i 'll listen to a media source that openly copies the most hated russian one and a government that 's learned from the same masters of ideological warfare as the russian one '' leave me at a loss . 
  repeat . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/11581824/night-wolves-supporters-ride-into-germany.html ), 
  according to ukraine , there are 80 thousands active russian soldiers in the area , and yet osce 's mission ( [ which is , according to some ukrainians , yet another hybrid weapon ] ( http://uatoday.tv/news/osce-mission-failing-to-report-all-attacks-on-ukrainian-forces-defence-ministry-says-424437.html#comment-1994218509 ) ) reports on none , despite the monstrous density of alleged russian forces . 
  again , you choose . 
  there 's a nice illustration to this , a picture of a wounded soldier , another one that holds a flask to the first one 's lips , and yet another one that holds a rifle to the first one 's head . 
  if you crop either soldier out of the photo , you 'll get opposite narratives . 
  you have the freedom of choice which to believe . 
  according to ukraine today and ukrainian mod . 
  according to russia today and russian mod , it 's inaccurate information . 
  you choose whom to believe . 
  it 's almost as if the victory on the eastern front had little to do with russian nationalism . 
  they will be denied entry , and they will circumvent the bans , and they will ride to their destination , just like they did last year , and if memory serves me right , poland and the baltics remain independent still , despite putin 's hybrid weapon \u2122 reaching its goal . 
  the same will happen this year , no matter how much some ( here goes an rt kind of remark towards uat ) would like to paint it in different colors . 
  i 'd rather have our drunks beat up and stab each other than go on shooting sprees . 
  for that , it 'll have to solve its territorial disputes at least . 
  it 's a question of time . 
  we 've got centuries to spare waiting . 
  started a war in the eastern regions , where domestic diplomacy could work , sure . 
  as for the russian government , which one do you mean ? 
  the one that pushed the country into a sorry state , stole the whole budget one year and went off to live abroad , all while praising freedom and democracy and implying that people need neither to eat nor live past 50 under a non-communist rule ? 
  that one went away at the end of the millenium . 
   when you ethnically cleanse an area like it continues to happen in crimea right now i 'll take a source on that . 
  looking at what pro-ukrainian/western governments did and are doing to ukraine , i find them a questionable blessing . 
  as long as it takes the people to elect a russian-friendly president and government again . 
  this looks manly and delicious . 
  probably tastes like smoke on the outside , though . 
  bad for us , rather . 
  we 've come a long way , but we 've covered less than half of the road . 
  its remote pilot must be an ace at dodging flak in warthunder . 
  we will not settle for anything less than a monopoly on banyas . 
  sell your saunas then . 
  we 'll buy them . 
  i was about to make a sprats insult , but it was included in the first line of the article . 
  hashtagstopculturalappropriation, 
  when talking about this , it 's important to define whether or not the oil price drop is a sanction or not . 
  on / pol / , it 's often considered one , but they also have a few other questionable beliefs , so i prefer to separate oil prices from the sanctions . 
  the two create different effects , even if we assume they have a common origin . 
  first off , the sanctions . 
  discarding the personal stuff , which has little to do with economy , the limited ( or severed in some fields ) cooperation with the west has made people understand that what they do , they 'll have to do here , today . 
  that includes production , technological development , loans , you name it . 
  agriculture and chemical industry are expected to be the first areas to show substantial growth , agticulture due to a possibility to get out of a hole where it 's been since khruschev , chemistry due to earlier investments . 
  same goes for pretty much everything else we have basic resources for , since a non-planned economy fills empty niches given time . 
  due to the chinese workforce becoming more costly by the year , and turkish relations being what they are on top of sactions , there are quite a few niches waiting for more producers , and no one expects the sanctions to be lifted in the close future . 
  the sanctions were originally introduced to force crimea back , after all , so they 're theoretically permanent . 
  that 's about sanctions . 
  oil prices , on the other hand , make the government abandon its unspoken sentiment of `` lel who even needs the real sector when you can pump ch and run banks off the profits '' . 
  so in short , the economy experiences a shift towards domestic production due to sanctions , and a shift away from oil pumping due to the oil prices . 
  the common citizen gets the other end of the stick , but that 's as per usual . 
  short-term effects are negative , long-term effect is , ideally , a more or less self-sufficient economy . 
  brics is a declarative organization these days , much more so than even sco . 
  the amount of trade with belarus has increased a lot due to their newly discovered oyster production , cheese production , and many more areas they 're apparently proficient at now and were n't a couple of years ago . 
  ukraine , well , you know the deal . 
  other countries , not so much as with belarus . 
  also , the migration from central asia has slowed down somewhat , and the price of its workforce has increased a little . 
  increased because those countries devalued their currency less than russia , a little because they could only allow so much of a gap . 
  they 're reliant on us historically , after all . 
  i 'm talking about the cheese called soviet . 
  other russians on here should know the one . 
  the other guy 's probably just having a laugh . 
  you 're having a laugh , but i really want that soviet brand cheese back . 
  it was hard as wood and had that unique , almost spicy flavour . 
  it was on the shelves some lousy ten years ago , but faded away without notice . 
  not just yet lads , these sanctions made our government do more good for the real sector of the economy than it did in the last decade or so . 
  i 'll have another serving of the sanctions , please . 
  a wall is a wall . 
  do it . 
  building walls always achieves results , swear . 
  we have some expetise on that . 
  true since the age of holy wars . 
  employing ideological shifts alongside conventional warfare can achieve a miraculous result , retroactively changing history several generations after the conflict . 
  grassroots = best roots . 
  our reminder has been there for a long time , and it 's not going anywhere . 
  we do n't need to send in additional hardware . 
  blade runner , most likely . 
  voice recognition is somewhere on the same level as well , from what i 've heard . 
  lesson of the day : anything you upload to the net can and will be used against you . 
  the flow of events is distorted a bit in this one ; iirc the rumors of the selling surfaced before the raid , so the raid could 've been a preemptive measure to lower rbc 's price by his competitors . 
  too lazy to find a source in the sea of articles that flooded the net after the raid though . 
  if isil is your branch , sure . 
  far from ukraine . 
  look to the southeast . 
  the past five years have shown how much us committments are worth . 
  also , it 's essentially the same thing . 
  or a reminder to moldavia about what happens to the countries that act up . 
  how you can stop authoritarianism : discover these five unexpected ways in which ttip aids the ~ ~ world revolution ~ ~ worldwide democratic revolution !, 
  looks like april all right . 
  3 % is far from little . 
  agenda does not automatically make the content that follows the agenda good . 
  the article cites kp 's radio , and following the link , you get to a transcript where the mentioned official talks about a broader issue , namely street vendors , many of whom the city seems to have a problem with .
