  i also use a full teaspoon of black tea per a big cup , wrap it into a ton of warm cloth , and let it stay hot for a long while . 
  i also eat high-cocoa chocolate with it . 
  so sorry . 
  15th is fine too . 
  because this sub is a great source of the least biased information on russia on the known internet . 
  it 's not balkanization if the people have the same national identity . 
  blasphemy , you need at least 7 drops of nail polish and half a shot of brake liquid mixed in there . 
  metals , mostly , and heavy industries . 
  the region 's heavy on military production . 
  there are e < -  w trains around the southern border . 
  up to the north , the permafrost problem exists . 
  it 's not an excuse , but it 's a problem still . 
  how many prison jokes ( on average ) do you get upon saying this ? 
  not at all . 
  it 's alien . 
  looks like a picture straight out of ' 89 . 
  it 's not like it 's possible to keep dwelling on deaths forever without going mad . 
  islamic terror happens , people die , terrorists get caught , sometimes they get caught before committing terror . 
  it 's become a part of everyday life . 
  it 's unfortunate and should be fixed , but for now it 's reality . 
  it 's quite interesting how painfully europeans and americans react to the smallest acts of terror . 
  then again , you guys have been living in peace for the last couple of decades . 
  do n't worry , the fear should eventually pass . 
  are they the rainbow-waving hipster-looking new age communists or the real deal ? 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  [ we 've been over it . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4fsd0w/russians_now_spending_half_of_their_income_on_food/ ), 
  i 'm saying that robbing the state is illegal right now , and legalizing it wo n't do any good . 
  the regulations are a bunch of stupid ideas , some stemming from good intentions , some from a paranoid war on child porn that some mps keep finding on the net ( they should be questioned for their remarkable skill , in my opinion ) , and some i can only explain by boredom or a need to prove the necessity of their existence from time to time . 
  the result makes usage of some parts of the internet a bit annoying in some cases . 
  and no . 
  hell , the last conflict i remember ( disclaimer : may very well be not the last by now ) fired over an article describing some drug . 
  for a while there , it felt like wikipedia ran a risk of being blocked in russia , as there 's apparently no reasonably easy way to block a single wiki page . 
  it was a lose-lose , as neither of the sides needed an outcome like that , but in the end , wikipedia caved in and edited the article according to rcn 's guidelines or something . 
  damn shame , i 'm still interested to see the boys up top fail to justify a block on something as big and necessary as wikipedia . 
  addition because i forgot to address the question : so as we see , it 's not a problem to get a page edited , it 's something else . 
  it can be something i mentioned earlier , it can be something else , i would n't risk guessing what exactly . 
  it 's moderated according to common standards of wikipedia , and that 's something the government tends to dislike when it comes to sensitive issues or roscomnadzor 's [ retarded ] newest regulations . 
  the linked page has n't been a point of discussion lately though , so i guess the government has no problems with it . 
  or maybe it has n't heard anyone vocal enough point out its existence . 
  who knows . 
  that 's all i need to say . 
  neat edits though . 
  i 'll take a source on 99 % . 
  i can name privately owned ( and controlled , to answer your next question ) \u0421\u0422\u0421 \u041c\u0435\u0434\u0438\u0430 , \u0420\u0443\u043c\u0435\u0434\u0438\u0430 , and usm media group off the top of my head . 
  usm alone controls a large share of the market . 
  of course not , it 's hardly their mission . 
  [ you can get all the information you want on the topic in two clicks . 
  a few years ago , echo and other media of about the same stance could get up to 150 thousands of people ( maybe more ) into the streets to make their voice heard . 
  hardly a small audience , do n't you think ? 
  i guess you 've never watched come and see , then . 
  i also guess echo does not count as mass media for you . 
  huh . 
  i 'll have to do more googling , then . 
  i 'm not saying money is a bad thing , i 'm saying that money should not define all of the politics . 
  why do you feel the need to go defensive ? 
  i do n't know whether it 's obvious or not , but back in 1920 the country was not even in shape to fight poland over its own lands with a non-polish majority . 
  go figure if an intervention against turkey would help you much . 
  in the nk war , though , we helped you achieve peace . 
  and hey , i do agree the government does a flawed job of keping the parity up , but would you prefer for us to quit and let turkey supply azerbaijan ? 
  if being slaves to the money is the american image of freedom , then i do n't need to learn a single letter from it . 
  it 's not what our poets wrote about , it 's not what our philosophers wrote about . 
  legalizing corruption does not make it anything else but corruption . 
  if one man has as much money as a thousand others put together , and can therefore buy a politiican to represent himself and himself only , that man shuts out the voices of a thousand people as free as him . 
  there 's a term for such a system , and the term is oligocracy . 
  does oligocracy mean freedom in the states ? 
  there 's no mediating azerbaijan into accepting nk . 
  russian government will stop worrying about consequences when things go south enough . 
  we 've bailed you out once , we 'll do it again . 
  simply . 
  market implies trade . 
  speech implies personal opinions . 
  bought speech is not free speech . 
  is the lesson to bring corruption to an absolute ? 
  we 'd appreciate if your governments could produce meaningful talks , otherwise if we put the pressure on azeris , we 'll be branded as nazi fascist imperialistic commie oppressors of the beautiful and free people of azerbaijan . 
  let 's check how trustworthy jamestown is . 
  following the second provided link , we arrive at an article that explicitly puts the `` chechen network '' term between quotation marks , in the title of the article as well as in its body . 
  nationalities of the members of the network are not mentioned in the article itself , although one of the articles down in the related section does talk about two detainees . 
  another related article describes the origin of the term `` chechen network '' and points out that its members could n't even spell a chechen name correctly . 
  let 's look at the rbc article . 
  first off , there 's not a single mention of western union or other services of the like . 
  then there 's the composition of the infomative part of the article , which consists of laconic sentences supported with links to source articles ( by it\u00e9l\u00e9 , tf1 , france tv , bfm tv , midi libri , lci , tass ) . 
  next up , rukavkaz . 
  this part is accurate , but jamestown shoots itself in the leg by admitting that the government-owned tass and ria covered the issue properly , as opposed to the privately owned rukavkaz that positions itself as an alternative news source . 
  surely at least the part about vesti.ru is perfect !, 
  i mean , you do n't need to dig much to talk dirt about them , and surely , the article does smell like propaganda . 
  the only problem is its content . 
  see , it describes the integration troubles the european countries create ( and/or created after breivik and boston ) for chechen migrants and the longing for the homeland that gnaws on the guys . 
  extremism is hardly mentioned at all ( save for breivik and boston ) . 
  i 'd propose to rename the thread to american media grossly exaggerates level of hate for chechens in russia for the sake of being as good at journalism as the jamestown staff . 
  so she wants to react to the problem in the same way a nationalistic politician would , if the politician belonged to a country encompassing the whole eu . 
  if her goal is to forge a european national identity , i hope she understands that centuries need to pass before her goal is achieved . 
  he talks about a broader issue than just syria . 
  he talks about the war against terrorism as a whole , and preaches that to find approval in the eyes of the lord , we ( as in the humanity ) should put aside our personal ambitions and fight against terrorism indiscriminately . 
  if we manage to do that , then our common enemy and the fact that our weapons are pointed at it and not at each other , can sanctify this war . 
  it may sound like he hints at the `` moderate '' fundamentalists , as some countries call them , but [ the division of terrorists into good and bad categories goes way back ] ( http://orientalreview.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/independent-1993-bin-laden.jpg ) . 
  dial up your local certified russian , and find out that the translation sounds like  `` therefore , the war against terrorism today is a holy war , everyone in the world should understand it , god willing , and never classify terrorists as good and bad , never connect the war against terrorism with the achievement of their own goals , often undeclared , but really strongly present in political thought . 
  then the war against such an enemy and with such fair means will be holy as well , '' he underlined . 
  such a statement does n't make for a tacky headline though . 
  i half expected to find a link to [ that / wm / remix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixltimld9um ) in the article .
