  i 'm too young to remember the worst of the nineties , but i do remember the bad . 
  i sure as hell can live the rest of my life without going back there . 
  add taxes , public transport , and paid services on top of that . 
  this just goes one to show how oppressed the russian media are !, 
  i bet the kgb forbade them from reporting on this !, 
  putin ca n't keep getting away with this much longer !, 
  obligatory `` humanity restored '' joke . 
  so there are first category rights and secondary category rights , the former can not be restricted in any situation , and the latter can sometimes be dismissed to a degree . 
  am i getting your point right ? 
  the article contradicts its title , as usual . 
  it says that food now amounts to 50 % of total retail volume , not 50 % of total income . 
  [ here 's a short list of reports . 
  that 's the problem i have with the concept of human rights applied to everyone at once , even within a single select country . 
  different people 's interests , lying withon their respective rights , can and will cause conflict , resulting in an outcome where at least one of the conflicting sides can not access its rights fully . 
  take breivik as an extreme example . 
  he has made a statement . 
  the mass shooting was a part of the statement , aimed to attract attention to his manifesto . 
  by doing this , he violated some people 's rights . 
  as punishment , his own right for the freedom of movement , along with some other ones , has been restricted . 
  this makes sense to me . 
  there 's a system of human rights ; if you defy it , the system does not guarantee your rights anymore . 
  but then it turns out he still has some of his rights guaranteed . 
  where does the border lie ? 
  really ? 
  this is where i fail to understand many westerners . 
  the man has committed a crime that could net him a life sentence over here , and then committed it 25 more times . 
  much more than that , he did it in the name of an ideology incompatible with what his country was and is pushing as its own . 
  from a rational point of view , it 's simple math . 
  the man has already cost the country 77 people , apart from increased social spendings and decreased productive output from 319 more . 
  he has full motivation to be more costly . 
  his statements decrease the level of ideological unity in the society . 
  keeping him contained and supervised , human rights be damned , is going to cost less than the price of the further damage he can cause multiplied by the estimated possibility of him breaking free under conditions more lax . 
  and now to enhance your reading experience . 
  [ here 's the source . 
  ] ( http://www.levada.ru/2016/04/20/obyazannosti-grazhdan-i-gosudarstva-2/ ) levada gives as much information on its methodology as ever ( representative selection of 1600 interviewees , 18 + , 137 settlements , 48 regions , statistical error not more than 3.4 % etc ) . 
  click on any link in the `` see also '' section to find out what the moscow times usually says about levada 's methodology . 
  some context : the value used in the article seems to be a sum of the fourth and fifth lines in the second table in the source matrerial . 
  this value , you can check yourself , amounted to * 57 % , january 2001 * 54 % , february 2006 * 42 % , february 2010 * 36 % , april 2011 * 42 % , january 2012 * 46 % , january 2013 * 41 % , january 2014 * 28 % , march 2015 * and finally , 39 % in march 2016 looks like what happened was that people went from a bit of a patriotic high back to normal life . 
  sample posts , if you would ? 
  `` libya was a mistake . '', 
  `` twin towers were an accident . '', 
  eagerly awaiting another quote of the year . 
  putin is literally hitler though , citizen . 
  do n't you forget this , citizen . 
  that 's the plan . 
  misleading title . 
  `` russia would love to see trump lead the states '' is a much more accurate one . 
  i 've provided the damage from what you call occupation in another post in this same topic . 
  as far as occupations go , i 'd say one was as much of an occupation as the other . 
  if you did n't notice , i was attempting to come up with something as sane as the original claim . 
   happened before the declaration of our independence . 
  i do believe you guys were independent before the crusades . 
   we were occupied by the germans during the soviet occupation . 
  oh , but that 's the second german occupation , if not more . 
  what i have problems with is your point 1 . 
  i find no reason to believe that turkey is guaranteed to forget its thousand years of imperial experience . 
  you 're assuming that whoever comes after erdogan will suit your tastes better . 
  that 's not a given . 
  by introducing an 8-hour workday , legalizing worker unions , and discarding the peasantsry 's debts on top of granting them some 600 thousands of hectares of land , i assume . 
  sure , that 's costly occupation all right , and it 's their full right to demand compensation , along with handing the symbols of said occupation back to who they consider occupants as a gesture of protest . 
  let 's take libau for example , since riga would be subject to capital bias on my part . 
  here 's a short list of such symbols . 
  rerambulator factory . 
  mixed fodder plant . 
  match factory . 
  ferrocement plant . 
  oil extraction plant . 
  kolumbija ltd. 14 . 
  shoes factory . 
  meat plant . 
  judging by their efficiency at ruining said symbols though , i 'd say they 're quite successful at mending the soviet occupation 's aftermath without our help . 
   is this similar problem in moscow - that communists underestimated number of cars in future , because they never thought how many people will own a car and businesses and so on or is problem different ? 
  it 's pretty hard to blame a government that ceased to exist close to 30 years ago for current day problems . 
  my hometown grew twice in population on my memory ( subjective estimation , reality may differ ) . 
  the only new road i 've seen in the same period was the one connecting it to a supermarket built outside of the residential area . 
  the total amount of road widening ? 
  none . 
  it 'd be a fascinating prospect if either of them knew how to build something better than this , so the current state of affairs will have to do . 
  they forgot to include the price of imperial occupation , swedish occupation , polish occupation , and german occupation for good measure . 
  finally . 
  all the monetary support that went into thr banking sector could 've been spent on infrastructure , or to support the real sector instead . 
  i kind of like americans too , but their weight has nothing to do with it . 
  god dammit , do they not learn after the first time ? 
  poland should feel a bit safer now . 
  they wo n't , though . 
  it is and it does , and said channel has an audience of [ 25k people a month ] ( http://tv.rbc.ru/about/ ) . 
  it 's good , but it in no way influences the masses . 
  pre-sale business , most likely . 
  rbk has too narrow of an audience for it to matter much in the media field and be of interest to the authorities . 
  on the other hand , with the rumors of it getting sold soon , competitors could 've ordered something like this to lower its price . 
  it 's a pretty standard move here . 
  it 's neither good nor bad , it 's what makes the difference between a community and a pile of posts . 
  it 's german in origin , based on russian slang . 
  google `` proofster '' . 
   rentv it 's a channel that packs its prime time schedule with illuminati , atlantis , ufos , dark magic and other inarguable truth of the sort . 
  there was also no threat to all those people in odessa , they were just lunatics zombified by russian propaganda to the point of setting themselves on fire . 
  i was pointing out a different issue . 
  how can the possibility of patriots being moved to eastern european countries be a new threat if the very same possibility is already on the table ? 
  it 's already accounted for . 
  surely it did not .
