  treat this territory as russia and constantly turn on their provocations higher and  keeping the peace was never their intention actually , forget the latter , since the source you did provide says  un secretary-general kofi annan 's outgoing special representative for abkhazia , ambassador heidi tagliavini , last month lauded the russian presence , together with that of the unarmed un observer mission in georgia , as `` the sole deterrent to prevent the situation spiraling out of control '', 
  i would have a source to go with that . 
  i 'm just lost at how [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6s565i/9_years_ago_russian_peacekeeper_base_was_suddenly/ ) gets deleted for the `` lack of credible source '' , yet the same kind of post with an opposite payload gets to stay . 
   or finland against smaller and weaker karelia . 
  what ? 
   hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has not been removed because it does n't use a credible source . 
  that 's not an excuse to encourage them to do so . 
  well , at least someone understands . 
  iirc the stats for the first half of 2016 were 50 to 55 millions of people for internal tourism vs 13 point something millions for foreign tourism . 
  mind you that abkhazia alone took something like 1.5 millions out of those 13 , so the actual figure for russians visiting europe is lower . 
  this ought to satisfy your curiosity . 
  tl ; dr : we 're deploying entire combat commands of highly trained tourists to bring europe to its knees . 
  italy and greece get a free pass on dicks due to your respective cultural heritage . 
  it 's as much of a problem as any new country in nato , but then there 's the added factor of the media 's need to talk about something that could pass as important . 
  or they might just grow lazy and live off that guaranteed happiness . 
  i want to believe in your scenario , but sounds all too realistic . 
  universal income is n't a positive idea , as the more equal people get , the less they strive to stand out and earn their living . 
  imo the markets will adapt to automation through the expansion of tertiary sectors in global economy . 
  we 're about to see a boom of entertainment , tourism , and what have you , because the wealth produced in manufacturing , now distributed to a tighter group of people , will still need to be spent somewhere . 
  so i say make people excel in life rather than provide them with a guaranteed comfort zone . 
  it 's not the only , and maybe not even the first thing on the list of requirements for peace . 
  this is easily a 5-star shitpost . 
   just do n't act surprised if that money some day stops coming in , for whatever reason . 
  if you 've read a single honest review of what russia is , you know russians are used to that . 
  obligatory `` how do you even have internet in there '' reply . 
   without them investing in russia or buying russia 's products , there simply wo n't be much rebuilding . 
  dear , if you think to threaten anyone with an all-out economic blockade in the age of global trade , you 're a little naive . 
  also , you seem to forget that russia 's main and only \u2122 export is oil , the very oil your country wants so much . 
  so keep buying , and leave your opinion about where our territory lies to yourself . 
  brace for the downvotes . 
  oh yeah , my favorite end of history rhetoric , if only it was n't fundamentally flawed . 
  history does n't care if we think it 's ended or not . 
  it just keeps grinding its wheels and changing the world , superpowers crumble , new ones arise , business as usual , because the drive behind those changes is simple human ambition . 
  to abandon them like you propose and rest on the laurels is complacency in most cases . 
  complacency that destroyed both romes and a few other prominent cultures . 
  only , russians have nothing to be complacent about , so the only way forward is to rebuild and restore , outsiders ' opinions be damned . 
  they have the benefit of being unincorporated , for whatever good that does them . 
  what 's that site about ? 
  i keep seeing poles ask each other to leave in its general direction . 
  a distinctly different region , though . 
  i 've had this argument before , though . 
  i know there 's no legal justification for this still , and you know there 's a moral one . 
  firstly , it 's $ 600 per one chinese , secondly , they 've betrayed their communist homeland hard . 
   i 'm not talking about reversing the population replacement , but it takes it to another level if you firstly replace populations with your own people and then use the very same people to `` democratically unite '' with the motherland . 
  it 's like a great geopolitical tool , to plant your minorities into places you intend to annex later . 
  calling it a tool implies a coordinated effort to enact such a scheme throughout several generations . 
  also , russians are not a minority in crimea . 
   you have come to my country , you play by my rules . 
  end of story . 
  do n't like it ? 
  return to your homeland . 
  i 'm sure it sounds far-fetched to you , but is it really ? 
  are you sure that it does ? 
  because it does n't . 
  that sound like a russian way of solving this question , and at the bottom of my heart , i still do n't get how any country could choose to go any other way about this question . 
   as for sevastopol base , if i were an ukrainian , i 'd certainly not allow russian base there . 
  i mean , russian troops in transnistria , abkhazia/south ossetia , crimea . 
  kinda hints that it 's not really wise to keep them in your country if you care about territorial integrity , especially if you intend to go for a different foreign policy . 
  that base never had to be allowed there , it simply remained there from soviet ( and earlier ) times . 
  in 1991 , come the division of the union , it became obvious that ukraine had neither money nor reason enough to support it , so kravchuk sensed good money for his country and rented it to russia . 
  that was when our countries were way friendlier , and there was n't a plan to go for a different foreign policy . 
  now imagine the situation : your government suddenly changes priorities ( in 2003 or 2014 , pick your poison ) , and there 's a massive russian base in crimea . 
  do you attempt to somehow kick them out , risking an open confrontation , or opt to keep getting your money ? 
  i believe that was a clear decision for ukraine . 
   as for russia , of course it 's in their interest to keep that . 
  the other question is whether others are obliged to allow that . 
  hey , i 'm not saying everyone should be happy . 
  russia is n't happy about many things in the world , yet for some reason no one gives a damn , save for china in rare cases . 
  what 's the solution to that , purge the peninsula of russians and replace them with crimean tatars ? 
  that would n't restore the area 's ethnic composition even to its 1913 level . 
  and if we dig deeper into history , then why do n't we deport crimean tatars from the southern areas of crimea and replace them with italians ? 
  the above is hyperbolized , of course , but hear me out , such replacements are pretty common for history . 
  in our current state of minds we might condone them , but now that the damage has been done and cemented over seventy years , there 's no undoing it . 
  also , russians in crimea can hardly be called immigrants after xviii century . 
  true . 
  although i doubt the source of the sanctions will matter much . 
  that 's the best naval base in the black sea accessible to russia , simple as that . 
  what was the other option , surrender it to the eu or ~ ~ us ~ ~ nato for the sake of that selfsame peace in our time ? 
   do not accept crimean annexation and threaten with repercussions on other areas ( georgia , moldavia , syria , middle east , africa , asia ) i get the first four and maybe the last one , but what kind of presence does russia have in africa ? 
  back in 2015 , gfk 's poll showed that a free referendum would result in the same decision . 
  unless , of course , a free referendum is a referendum where people vote according to your preferences . 
   the eu association treaty did n't threaten the russian base it was significant drift toward the atlantic bloc , therefore , an automatic threat . 
  the western eagerness to deny russia warm water ports is widely known , so there was no reason to risk one . 
  except there were sanctions . 
  the only time they were broken since they were introduced against the soviet union was 2012 , i believe , a few months of a bureaucratic pause between the lifting of the soviet-time sanctions and their reintroduction as part of the magnitsky act . 
  still , they did n't help , but hey , maybe there simply have n't been enough of them !, 
  take a look at any piece of electronics in your house that comes from japan . 
  it says it comes from japan , not nippon or anything else . 
  it is stated in letters nonexistent in japanese . 
  what are you trying to prove here , that every russian up to this day commits a communistic crime when calling warsaw varshava or prague praga ? 
  does it count if you 're empowered with 3.5 kg of tnt ? 
  because that 's a lot of destructive power . 
   you put out airs of knowing what is what . 
  warned ya . 
  mate , i heard somewhere that it was supposed to be art , so i wrote so . 
  call me whatever you want . 
  supposedly , one of them is depicted [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvo8t7ovhvk ) . 
  it 's called a narrative , not necessarily a lie . 
  also , if i take a photo of a chair and save it under `` d : \\ horse porn here \\ fbi pls dont click me \\ fuckable.png '' , does it make me a zoophile ? 
  that 's for the experts to judge , not me and not you .
