  shush , it 's our national privilege to demand proofs . 
  what are we going to do tonight ? 
  what audacity , praising a ww2 movie about communists that tries to excuse those animals ' atrocities . 
  at least you are n't praising alexander nevsky , a blasphemous movie defaming the earliest attempt to bring freedom and democracy to those savages , or 17 moments of spring glorifying kgb 's work , or ivan susanin/life for the tsar , an opera that puts a russian peasant brainwashed into a suicide mission by the kremlin on the pedestal of heroism . 
  white sun of the desert is a movie so good i 'll have to mention it in a regular way . 
  as for the newest history , eeeeeeeeeh , 9th company is the most pop one , but it does n't hold a candle to the old school of cinematography . 
  yeah , but we 're talking about diplomatic pressure , not exactly a potential war . 
  i 'm not sure how the states can threaten with a patriot installation if the threat is there already . 
  the base itself serves as a deteriorator , i doubt its exact equipment matters . 
  after all , patriots can be delivered in a matter of days . 
  ca n't you just sell them the hardware ? 
  i think it could provide a level of entertainment seen in rocky iv , police academy something , and the like , especially with a courage bombey dub . 
  everybody knows russia has no history and only national-fascist-communist-imperialistic propaganda , silly outlander . 
  it 's weird , has an undefined agenda and unclear target audience . 
  has a pretty nonexistent russian userbase , just like any non-russophone site . 
   inform them that if russia feels it can continue to violate international agreements it has signed with the us whenever it feels like , then the us might feel it has to deploy pac-3 anti-ballistic missile capabilities to eastern nato countries is n't it already being done in poland ? 
  https://youtu.be/-_x03_o4xom this one never gets old . 
  talk about dick waving contests . 
  he 's won them all , post mortem . 
  epic . 
   guns from many foreign countries including belgium and france . 
  bulldog , belgium  another exotic one from france . 
  galois . 
  below the mg : holland , belgium . 
  france ( it 's the model , and e reads somewhat like in `` eh '' ) . 
  korovin , made in tula , that 's right . 
  model co. . liliput ( duh ) . 
  some kind of browning ( triple duh , i know ) . 
  below the mann : the rpks are the original and -74 . 
  no clear models on the relics . 
  olympic , germany . 
  smgs : the uzi variant is a micro uzi . 
  iceberg is also called gmc-700 . 
  below the p-63 : arminus hw5 , germany . 
  ] , sweden . 
  edit : hey , do n't hate on cannons . 
  if it gets the job done , it 's good enough . 
  if it gives you an excuse to down a barrel of rum with your mates , it 's a wonderful weapon . 
  good , good . 
  i have a couple of problems with it , though . 
  firstly , the number is some 140 millions short . 
  secondly , it has n't been adopted by the entire western bloc yet . 
  thirdly , it does n't include quitting all economic interactions . 
  fourthly , they have to build a wall . 
  congratulations , you 've just unearthed putin 's secret plot for \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f 's military subjugation . 
  without google translator , the latter sounds like `` either sheep , or new ones '' . 
  confusing . 
  interesting . 
  ours have a two years cooldown ( for identical or close subjects ) . 
  yeah , i get that , but are n't there frequency restrictions ? 
  i recall the scottish referendum having one . 
  sounds rather democratic to me at least . 
  if people care enough to voice their opinion to break it up , but not enough to vote to keep it , then by the will of the people , it should be dissolved , no ? 
  i mean , that 's the whole point of referendums and elections , to ask the people . 
  i get why there 's a low turnout in our presidential elections , but i ca n't imagine a low turnout in a referendum that would ( even indirectly ) touch the question of our country 's dissolution . 
  [ further goodness . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/european-parliament-president-schulz-warns-of-implosion-of-eu/a-19179812 )  in light of the netherlands referendum , luxembourg foreign minister jean asselborn also warned of further referendums regarding complex questions . 
   `` if someone wants to break europe , then they just need to hold more referendums , '' he said , adding that the netherlands referendum had mainly been used by eurocritics as a domestic vote against mark rutte 's government and the eu . 
  screw me if i understand what democracy is meant to be anymore . 
  if i got everything people said on this sub right about this referendum , dutch authorities passed the referendum law themselves , and said law has been followed . 
  i do n't get what gives luxembourg the authority to criticize other countries for following their own laws . 
  right you are , should 've used a better suited word . 
  it would mean he 's not doing his job good enough . 
  i do n't recall anything serious of the sort . 
  there was some noise around the man , but he generates it regularly . 
  has there ever been serious talk about it ? 
  either chechens or dage ... , err , dagestanians ? 
  those are the two major muslim troublemakers . 
  if the former , then it may undermine kadyrov 's efforts to leech more money from the federal budget . 
  [ \u0421\u041a says ] ( http://m.sledcom.ru/news/item/1029356/ ) they have . 
  [ \u042a adds ] ( http://www.kommersant.ru/doc/2961538 ) the boys were called zaur akaev , ramazan haibulaev , and isai abdulatipov . 
  judging by how arabic they sound , two ethnicities come to mind . 
  side note : when one of the trio is roughly your age and another one is four years younger , it makes you think about a lot of things . 
   i have a feeling ` outside sources ' simply do n't reach the majority of the population . 
  you have a wrong feeling , then . 
  they get in through intermediaries , and only a few of those ( a few big ones , but still ) are state-owned . 
  judging by the content the state tv fills its prime time with , its only stable audience left is old people and maybe low-hand criminals . 
  and do n't even get me started on runet ; it 's our magical realm , our dark closet where the government does n't often reach , and when it does , few things change . 
  there 's a reason why many videogame torrents are en/ru and why a hefty amount of child porn comes from here . 
  in fact , there 's so much half-assed western propaganda in there that the word `` liberal '' became something like a curse . 
  i used to doubt if it 's propaganda and wonder if these new wave wannabe liberals just hate themselves and their own country , right until i hit english-speaking political talking places and found out the giant amount of self-pity and false guilt that 's treated as a norm in a progressive society and understood what exactly the liberals are trying to achieve . 
  you 're right on the second part though , especially if the news concerns our domestic events . 
  even if the news is true and unbiased ( which it 's unlikely to be , since that 's not the kind of news that 'll constantly try to get in from the outside , it 's going to cause a `` yeah , fuck you though '' reaction of some degree . 
  people do n't like when someone living outside of a specified area on the world map ( which does not follow russian borders , before you ask ) sticks their nose into our local business . 
  imagine talking with your tongue stapled to your palatae , or holding a ball of gelatin just behind your front teeth . 
  i would n't know a thing about foreign media , but dave sounds like a fun guy you 'd want to invite to any kind of party . 
  do n't worry , i only have a faint understanding of how latin-based alphabets represent slavic sounds , but it should n't be too far off , judging by your replies to the other guy . 
  0 % efficiency , 2/10 for the effort , would n't praise allah with . 
   i only watch russian shows for entertainment  sometimes it seems i can not escape politics on tv . 
  even if i try , i come across someone watching vesti . 
  so , what kind of shows do you watch if you get to see vesti ? 
  teacher in law 3.5 : re-education through labor ? 
  it takes a special kind of masochism to watch state tv when it comes to domestic politics . 
  i sincerely hope you guys do n't do this . 
  replace poroshenko with yushenko , yatsenyuk with timoshenko , and the analogy will be so clear it 's painful . 
  it 's a question of * freedom * and * democracy * , you ca n't expect them to remain indifferent . 
   looks like the americans care more about ukraine than we do . 
  boy oh boy , ai n't that a surprise . 
  as for the replacement , words is poroshenko 's party proposed groysman , although considering american involvement , i 'm surprised it was n't yaresko . 
  good .
