  certified russian imperialist \u2122 of / europe here . 
  hungary , slovakia , romania and bulgaria have no precedent of being part of the russian country in any of its incarnations . 
  poland has been part of it formally , but back then it had completely different borders and had quite a degree of autonomy . 
  do n't overestimate our ambitions . 
  and how is this news ? 
  psst . 
  hey kids . 
  wan na get some nationalism ? 
  so take a moment to read what it says about the founders . 
  he enjoys an 84 % rating ( measured by levada , so that 's as contrarian as you 're going to get ) precisely because some things are n't great . 
  foreign pressure tends to rally people around their leadership , you know . 
  as for the national guard , all it is is a newfangled foreign term for the heavy kind of rapid response police forces . 
  someone up above seems to have a hard-on for stuffing foreign words everywhere . 
  not that long ago our police was renamed to a plain transcription of `` police '' . 
  [ cars are not essential . 
  [ germany . 
  ] ( http://ih1.redbubble.net/image.32669544.5144/sticker,375x360.u1.png ), 
  wait , was n't putin winning that one ? 
  getting some really mixed messages here lads . 
  been waiting for it since the first news . 
  less war is always good . 
  all true . 
  i 'm clicking this upvote with my now autonomous hand that 's fallen off due to krokodil abuse , but the hiv in it had mutated due to extreme radiation and made it function again . 
  so you are n't buying the statement that the evil russians wanted to annex poor finland way before the pact happened ? 
  that 's an unexpected turn of events . 
  cause and effect . 
  the world was bracing for war , that was the cause . 
  countries tried to grab as much land as possible or just hold off to the best of their ability , that was the effect . 
  if there had been no plan to take finland by the time the pact was signed , finland would n't be mentioned in it . 
   really ? 
  look at the moscow founders and found any russian there . 
  [ first link on google search . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow#early_history_.281147.e2.80.931283.29 )  so , spain , england and france just brought peace to american indians , nothing else . 
  did they not ? 
   you 've built moscow and petersburg ? 
  last time i checked , both were built by russians . 
   you 've brought peace to them ?? 
  last time i checked , osetins and the ingush people are not exterminating each other . 
  neither do chukchas wage war on eskimos or koryaks . 
  so let me get this straight and in as few words as possible . 
  exporting ideology with good management behind it is okay , while exporting ideology with fewer resources and worse management to back it up is a crime . 
  or more laconic still , skill makes right . 
  putin 's russia , of course . 
  look at the front page of this sub . 
  so why have n't you fixed it ? 
  there was a whole decade when you could , and even after that our president , the same putin you guys hate so much nowadays , asked to join nato . 
  tell me , why have n't you fixed it if you wanted so much ? 
  me , i 'm proud that that time is over . 
  i 'm proud to look at moscow and petersburg and say that we built that . 
  i 'm proud to travel across the country , arkhangelsk to khabarovsk and say that we settled that . 
  i 'm proud to look at osetins and ingush , to look at the northern siberian tribes , and say that we brought that peace . 
  i 'm proud to look at kazan and say that we coexist with little trouble now . 
  i 'm proud to look at the map , that swarm of languages and ethnicities , and say that we hold that together , that we 've managed to forge the term `` russian '' out of that . 
  i 'm proud to read the history books , to learn from how little we started , what kind of perils we faced , and how far we 've come from there , against all odds , making everyone who tried to destroy us and lived to tell the tale hate us . 
  i 'm proud of glinka and dostoyevsky , mendeleev and stanislavsky , peter i and shalyapin , we can go further down the list . 
  what makes me proud more than anything else , though , is the fact that we 're still here , cut down , broken apart and humiliated as we are , but we 're here as one , the same people that were here a century and two ago , we 're going nowhere nor surrendering to any foreign power . 
  now tell me , what are you proud of ? 
  give my post another read . 
  i 'm saying that the reason the war happened at all was the union 's drive to shorten its border and lower its vulnerability . 
  as for the reason why it was lost and that goal was n't achieved , you are correct . 
  why of course we should n't compare ourselves to usa . 
  we try to change things locally . 
  you succeed at changing things globally . 
  there 's the difference . 
  in the military sense , it 's all too comparable . 
  again and again , this argument about stoking the fires of separatism . 
  again and again , i ask people to look at the coloured revolutions and the arab spring , all performed by a common scenario . 
  compare the outcomes , compare the casualties , compare the scales , then ask yourself who you 're calling monsters . 
  same for asking to join . 
  osetia , crimea , and the two ukrainian regions asked . 
  of course , the answer to that is `` it 's a whole other deal '' . 
  i 've had this conversation more than a few times . 
  do n't you try to push guilt on us , it only works on germans and ex-colonists , and not always at that . 
  most of us over here happen to take pride in our history , all of it . 
  tell me once that exporting ideology was a crime when your own country has never stopped doing it . 
  answer from history : storfurstend\u00f6met finland has existed for a little more than a century , on terms of extraordinary autonomy when compared to any other part of the empire , save for maybe congress poland . 
  legality aside ( i 'm neither a lawyer nor a historian ) , finland and poland had the best excuses to leave after 1917 . 
  besides , a proper cultural assimilation of finland is pretty hard in the current set of political standards . 
  not saying it 's impossible , but despite the constant media hysteria , there 's not a single competent politician on the russian scene who would both advocate revanche/expansion and be suited for presidency . 
  answer from geography : the shorter the border and the harsher the climate around it , the easier it is to defend it . 
  that 's the reason why the winter war happened . 
  the nato `` expansionism '' in question . 
  by the current regional power . 
  also , it looks like we do have enough power to tip the scales enough that your media starts screaming about it . 
  i do n't . 
  neither do i justify the actions of certain global policemen messing with the balance of powers where they 're not welcome . 
  because 25 acres are imperialism , and 170000 sq.km are not expansionism . 
  in short , to persevere . 
  in europe , most are either miserable or not . 
  in russia , most are either miserable or dead . 
  okay , maybe not fear , but definitely far from reality . 
  one country is far from domination . 
  the stupid part sounds about right , but the rest is more fear than reality . 
  vladimir is n't recognised as the capital . 
  worthless test , 0/10 would not run another 20 times in a row . 
  i am though , and this subreddit is pretty damn disgusting today . 
  shitting pants means a weak sphincter . 
  weaklings deserve a knock in the first place . 
   strong leader dppreciation thread hi zoe quinn . 
  but it ` snot a phobia if it 's passive aggressive !,
