  why should women die in the dirt too ? 
  are the lives men give not enough ? 
  such a lust for revenge !, 
  whoooooooo ? 
  well yeah , that 's one thing reunited that had no good reason to be split . 
  additionally , the new entity is meant to become a ministry , which will take some of these smaller agencies out of direct presidential control , which is good . 
  quite true , and he 's not the first man to say so . 
  lulz * noun * 1 . fun , laughter , or amusement , especially that derived at another 's expense . 
  straight outta google . 
   russian navy please . 
  land is where we 're at . 
  and now , the revelation of the day : kgb never dies !, 
  sure , its directorates split into smaller agencies , but it 's still operating under a lot of other names . 
  what a curious time to be alive . 
  should 've read the local news when ur tried to conduct their primaries this year . 
  the fraud shitstorm was hilarious . 
  i see liberal ideology leading to violent regime changes and civil wars . 
  it 's the same thing under a different sauce . 
  the leaders of the ideology that created this flag would slap putin in silence . 
  try to avoid mixing up the categories of sweet and pointy . 
  well yes , it was an ideology . 
  the research was n't about just any kind of an ideology though , but religion only . 
  that 's one good / s , since the question sounds quite sincere given / r/europe 's usual mindset . 
  shh , we 're supposed to be the big evil theocratic empire . 
  ( user was a magical unicorn for this post ), 
  yes . 
  we 're going to play a little game as well . 
   while `` the ivans '' are currently thinking about my country being worth bombing and blowing uo just because they do n't like it . 
  you know too much . 
  come meet me on the roof . 
  that 's the only normal one . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:full_grown_caucasion_shepherd.jpg https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasian_shepherd_dog more than enough to scare anything that moves . 
  exactly . 
  no shit , therefore `` supposed '' . 
  they will create a martyr out of her . 
   there is no top-to-bottom command and control mechanism , preparation or training in place for the uk armed forces [ to defend home territory ] while this does sound grim if true , the only realistic threat from russia to uk is a strategic bombardment or two . 
  we simply border too many closer targets by land to get distracted building a major offensive navy that 's necessary to ever hope to land in gb . 
  they 're the ones responsible for almost every incident of such kind . 
  it 's supposed to be their job to regulate runet . 
  there are some serious agencies within our government , but rkn is far from being one . 
  * c'mon dude , he 's slavic , it 's okay to be racist . 
  russia is russia , but sadly , stereotypes are stereotypes as well . 
  improving the quality of life seems to have the opposite effect though . 
  not that i 'm asking to live in a dirty hut . 
  they could 've succeeded at it if it was . 
  they simply need to validate their own importance while staying on hot political topics . 
  and once again i wonder how much more idiotic rkn can become . 
   domestically , putin 's `` managed democracy '' is stalinism thankfully , some of my family members are old enough to remember what the last word means , else wp 's memory hole would 've swallowed it for me . 
  do they though ? 
  it sounds kind of radical when people put it that way . 
  the saudis are their longtime allies , no point in doing so . 
  petrodollars may be worth more than potential arms exports , too . 
  in russian , you do n't even need pronouns to indicate a gender , since nouns , verbs , and adjectives all have gender-specific forms for male , female , and inanimate cases . 
  why not ? 
  destabilisation ensures that no political player above lightweight emerges from the area , as well as secures a weapons market . 
  given your home country is sufficiently isolated from the destabilized region to suffer no damage from primitive weaponry leaking out of it , it can benefit from the conflict endlessly . 
  `` new casus belli type unlocked : holy war . '', 
  well shit , never heard about that part . 
  edit : there 's also oleg/olga ( from helgi/helga ) . 
  faith , hope , and love . 
   username stop right there , you criminal scum !, 
  unlikely . 
  they 've all had history lessons , they know how these things are done . 
  they can , they 're just either scared of the means required to achieve this goal or still believe they can lead people into a bright future with pure good will . 
  the core of his message sounds rational , despite the tolerant fluff around it . 
  homegrown religious authorities and government control over mosques via investments can turn islam from a rogue element into a tool of control over a part of society . 
  of course , such measures are incompatible with basic freedoms , but they work . 
  is fp a pro-putin media outlet , then ? 
  sure , but not the money . 
  i believe a comparison of total gdps shows the same results . 
  nukes , atomic icebreakers , thousands of tanks and artillery , spy networks all require money to sustain , leaving less for the infowars . 
  its predecessor was also quite a bit more powerful . 
  to assume that russia today equals to what ussr was would be disinformation itself , would n't it ? 
  and yet even if it stretches itself to the limit , it will only have a fraction of what its portrayed enemies have to offer . 
  the only thing i did n't quite get was how russia , often lauded as a failed state with a gdp of less than one california or italy , succeeds at informational warfare against a congregation of economical and media powers orders of magnitude more influential than itself . 
  username checks out . 
  edit : i guess an explanation is in order . 
  finding a monument to stalin is a problem . 
  stalin earned a lot of hate in literature . 
  even within the communists ' ranks , he is a controversial figure to say the least . 
  that 's how much russians love stalin . 
  there are some people that do , sure , but there are some people all around the world that love hitler or de sade or michael bay . 
   russia has turned the ukrainians against russia for at least a generation by what , selling them indecently cheap gas and ignoring incidents and statements that deserve an embassy withdrawal at the least ? 
   two wrecked cities that offer russia nothing save for a puny little naval base in the black sea that nato considered important enough for some reason to start screaming about european integrity and all . 
  gives them a break from their usual terrorism antics , i guess . 
  `` whatever it wants '' are your words . 
  do n't put them in my mouth . 
  you mean `` had '' , not `` has '' . 
  we 're talking about a fact . 
  accepted . 
  grand duchy of lithuania is welcome to come and try to take what it considers itself , 
  everyone does . 
  how convenient that history has already shown that a war on ideology is not easily won with steel . 
  reunification of what was whole once . 
  does n't necessarily threaten the central european regions . 
  which would require a disproportionate amount of power to hold on to . 
  where 's the profit in this ? 
  and what would russia gain from an offensive towards europe 's core ? 
  that 's the kind of question i should be asking you . 
  five conflicts in total , all of regional value , important ones compressed in a 30 years long interval .
