  best korea : just best . 
  japan : anime . 
  usa : industrial capacity . 
  china is a threat , but it 's a threat that is possible to work with . 
  they seem to understand how we think . 
  it makes the media talk about cuba , and as long as it does , we remember cuba , and since we remember it and it does n't align with the states , we like it . 
  looks pretty logical from over here . 
  cuba is anything but random for a russian , and any country inside eu will be judged as a member of eu first and as an independent country second . 
  the only countries which could outweigh the brand of eu by their national images ( in my opinion ) are greece , for reasons obvious , and italy . 
  cuba means a sunny island , handsome young fidel , and manly cigars for men . 
  and investments . 
  and good ol' communism . 
  and investments . 
  and enough balls to openly support us sometimes . 
  and then investments . 
  note a steady decline starting at dec '04 - jan ' 05 . 
  that was the effect of the `` orange revolution '' . 
  diplomatic relations went to crap , gas was being stolen , the media made mad ratings covering it , but people cared little even about the second regime change in cis until one of them became a side in a hot conflict next to our borders , and when that happened , the orange government supportred georgia . 
  you know , there was a point where an ordinary man woke up in the morning and realized that damn , ukrainian government can manage something like this as well . 
  were n't they right . 
  there are several reasons for that : 1 . 
  our only bitter conflict with japan was a result of our own leadership 's incompetence . 
  the kuriles question is considered nonexistent by the absolute majority , and with an independent china present in the region , neither japan nor its allies are considered capable of contesting the islands . 
  last but not least , anime . 
  we like anime . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  [ source here ] ( http://www.levada.ru/2016/04/07/mezhdunarodnye-otnosheniya-2/ ) ; had to put the data through excel due to the lack of presentation . 
  i suck at chart design . 
  * the polling was conducted across a representative selection of 1600 correspondents of urban and countryside residence across 137 settlements in 48 regions of the country , aged 18 and older via personal interviews . 
  data is presented in percentage points . 
  statistical error of the research does not exceed 3.4 % . 
  good to know that the other side has finally realised that an emergency hotline is still needed . 
  do n't expect this meeting to bear any fruit though , two grivnas say the result will amount to a joint statement underlining the necessity of further dialogue . 
  an american once told me that the best way to make finns angry was to call them swedes trying hard to act like russians . 
  is this true ? 
  dude , turks and arabs are no friends , that 's a given . 
  that awkward moment when you see a good headline that 'd make for a good thread for shitposting , but your work is already done by the euros :(, 
  consolidation process ended about a decade ago , and resulted in the unification of both the executive and legislative branches under the president and the party . 
  courts remained heavily in favor of the executive branch since ussr . 
  this time the internal forces are just getting separated from the police , which is a good decision , since police does n't have to have army grade regiments . 
  if you ask me , natguard feels like it belongs in the regular army , but such a chain of command can produce problems too , because the military mindset is to eliminate the enemy , not keep up the order , and those are different goals . 
  now , you were right in general , because this national guard does hold some questionable functions . 
  it 's going to control weapon trafficking , security businesses , and provide security solutions of its own , all three being former functions of the police . 
  that part does produce questions . 
  then there 's even less reason to publish it if you 're the russian government . 
  we 're used to doing business without announcements . 
  similar mindsets lead to similar methods . 
  the law on domestic ( internal ? ), 
  armed forces states in chapter 5 , article 25 that a serviceman of the domestic armed forces must warn people before using force/weapons/special hardware , but it makes an exception in the same article for the cases where lagging might endager lives of the citizens , military servicemen , employees of the domestic affairs , or when it 's impossible , and in some other cases . 
  [ official source here . 
  ] ( http://www.vvmvd.ru/dokumenti/zvvmvdrf/zvvmvdrf-1_9.html ), 
  the boys up top would n't dream of hampering their own pr efforts . 
  peskov did announce a big attack on the presidential image though , and confirmed later after a regular dirt dump that what he warned about was yet to come . 
  also , if it was coming from russia , you 'd see american names on the list as well . 
  the intel suggestion is correct , and in this case it should 've been piece of cake . 
  it 's known that snowden participated in publishing thw materials at least , and while he has a free pass to talk all the smack he wants , he 's surely monitored , so anything that goes through him , the intel services know . 
  cheers . 
  you raise more points for discussion , but we can stop here . 
  it 's a long talk that ultimately results in nothing . 
  new legal powers ? 
  do specify . 
  you are n't wrong in general . 
  oh , this is a good idea . 
  i 'll make a thread once this one falls off the front page . 
  spoiler alert : we do n't hate everyone . 
  i do n't know how the question of nato could have been tackled mote seriously than with a direct offer , which was declined , but if the chief ideologists out there paint the fancy words like zero-sum game or isolationism as products of communism , then there 's no surprise nothing has worked out yet . 
  the quote about russia 's only two trustworthy allies belongs to alexander iii , and it had been true for a long time before that . 
  we 've had too many wars to treat security differently from thermodynamics . 
  the only country of considerable influence we 've managed to hold a stable and friendly relationship with was persia , and that 's thanks to our similar positions in the corresponding regions . 
  even with them , whenever russia moved southwards , relations worsened . 
  zero sum in a nutshell , is n't it ? 
  the rule of thumb is simple . 
  if anyone around is outstandingly powerful , brace for an attack . 
  are you the ruler of the northern reaches ? 
  keep your eye on sweden . 
  are you a duke in the central or southern lands ? 
  the steppes are close . 
  poland is too . 
  are you the ruler of the now united russian lands ? 
  poland is still there . 
  oh , and do n't forget about sweden . 
  done with them and resting on your laurels ? 
  too bad , guess where france is coming next . 
  just about done with being a monarch ? 
  do participate in a world war , and pay with your land despite being on the winning side . 
  oh , and afterwards you country 's getting invaded with troops from , quite literally , all over the world , while there 's a civil war going on . 
  and you 've got another world war to fight in less than 20 years . 
  i , personally , find the above reason enough to treat nato as a threat , and nato 's expansion as , well , guess yourself . 
  the offer to join the alliance was what it was , a proposition of peace . 
  it would n't be too popular at home if it came to be , but it could be done . 
  after the georgian revolt though , all deals and hopes were off , zero sum in action . 
  the situation went only downhill from there . 
  eu was not an option from the start though , we value ourselves too much to allow a membership in a collectively regulated superstate possible . 
  also , the last link was called an unrelated bonus for a reason . 
  still waiting on a shocking headline `` putin 's personal army : analysts on russian armed forces '' . 
   middle earth europe who even considers new zealand european ? 
  here goes , data 's from 2005 . 
  note that the surnames of the somone-ov ( a ) or someone-ev ( a ) are literally translated to `` someone 's '' , which can imply biological descent ( when used with a first name for a base ) , sometimes belonging to that someone , or sometimes even a place of origin ( when used with a location for a base ) . 
  that 's the correct pronounciation , yes . 
  based on an adjective that falls somewhere between `` calm '' , `` gentle '' , `` obedient '' , `` content '' and the like .
