  he 's saying the right thing . 
  ottomans are a giant threat throughout the game , especially to the less civilized nations . 
  even in the late game , ottomans off the leash can require an alliance with a moloch like france for a lesser country to defend itself . 
  i can get austria , but have zero experience with their national ideas . 
  anybody up for bohemia or the teutons ? 
  surely you mean [ this ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fwsnthcwiy4 ) . 
  georgia . 
  their group was hiking somewhere up north when shit rolled downhill . 
  this may be off topic , but does / europe play any pre-ck2 games by paradox ? 
  i could potentially host some . 
   we should sure up the laws of the eu that make it clear member states have two options , be a free democratic society and stay in the club , or < ...  this is what i was referring to . 
  as for the undemocratic precedents under the `` far - `` right leaders in eastern europe , this is the kind of loopholes i find interesting in the concept of democracy . 
  if a popular undemocratic movement is overtaking the electorate , there are two options , allowing and disallowing it to participate in political life , and neither option is democratic . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  are you saying that in the case austrians choose hofer , austria should be considered non-democratic ? 
  we eat them before torturing . 
  i 'm making an assumption . 
  you mean the brits ' emotions . 
  i guess so , but it can easily get irritating . 
  are eu countries not sovereign ? 
  she 's an opportunist seeking to build a reputation , of course she works on laws guaranteed to pass . 
  on top of that , even the nco law is getting rolled back these days , so there 's that . 
  i guess we 'll wait and see , but if i know anything , the fact that the council speaks in plain terms means that its opinion matches that of the presidential administration as a whole , and people like yarovaya will get the memo . 
  well , who did n't have a 3rd in their life : ^ ) i just know that my current superior got a 2nd back in august-september 2008 after a hike in the mountains that went wrong , and he said something about the 5 years long restriction . 
  might 've been a special case though . 
  the draft has potential for abuse , sure , and that 's why the presidential council tore it up in its verdict on the grounds of populism , lobbying telecom companies ' interests , excessive punishment of adolescents , and more . 
  there was a proposition to prosecute people for witholding information about crimes , really weird that a states-funded organization would keep quiet about it . 
  thankfully , this council 's word holds some weight due to its place in the structure of government . 
  the law 's unlikely to pass in its current form . 
   these `` warnings '' were issued to political activists , while actual terrorists have little problem travelling to syria . 
   the proposed norm strips a certain category of the russian federation 's citizens from their constitutional right to leave the russian federation 's borders freely ( rf constitution , article 2 , chapter 6 ) . 
  if the restriction is introduced in order to protect certain values of constitutional importance ( as per article 55 of rf constitution ) , then it is unclear how such anrestriction can reinforce the country 's security . 
  on the other hand , it appears logical to encourage the persons conducting unwelcome activities to stay outside of our country 's borders , not inside them . 
  of course , there can be no discussion about revoking one 's citizenship or forcing a citizen to leave their birthland . 
  see anything similar to what you 've just said ? 
  does n't the 2nd category access get you 5 years of foreign travel prohibition after contacting classified info ? 
   it just makes sense that there would be a lot of russian things to talk about . 
  and yet , only select few themes get talked about , over and over again . 
  it 's a good thing , mind you , but i had to point it out . 
  the `` literally hitler '' argument seems to appeal to the western masses today , so it is n't much to worry about . 
  none , i guess . 
  yeah , i see what you mean , but my opinion still stands . 
  whatever the brits decide . 
  it 's nobody 's business but theirs . 
  we must have different voas . 
  the one over here is comparable to the likes of kiselev only . 
  fokken ice boxers , i swer on me mum . 
  fuck you canadaaa, 
  cue the `` creative class '' voting for the big boys because they do n't want the communists to get too much of an advantage . 
  magic . 
  https://twitter.com/almayadeennews/status/733148602760069121 google translation sounds like a crash is soon to be announced . 
  surprisingly , he managed to post a half decent headline this time around , even if it has little to do with the contents of the article . 
  [ you 're one click away from the answer . 
  i doubt we 'd make the same mistake twice in a century . 
  subtle propaganda is called news . 
  yes , there 's been plenty of news since then . 
  wow , they went into enough detail to show military conflicts as well . 
  that 's dedication . 
  eh , kiselev deserves what he gets . 
  he 's being far too obvious for russia . 
  because , to quote another post ,  fascist rarely think of the failure of their delusions just dreams of conquest . 
  you 're a fascist , lad : ^ ), 
  [ one can only hope that omsk was excluded from the target list . 
  as if nobody knew that everything remotely tied to the government is ripe with corruption . 
  as if nobody knew that hosting a charity event can cost up to 60 % of the total funds raised due to undocumented payments . 
  as if nobody knew that protection money evolved into police bribes . 
  as if each and every protest march participant was a blind kitten until savior navalny dropped by . 
  you hold a pretty low opinion of your compatriots , do n't you ? 
  for me , and for my friends that came with me , and for most of the people i talked to in december 2011 , the asystemic opposition was an organizer , not an eye-opener . 
  we gathered there to make our voice heard and because there was a group to lead us . 
  and we made ourselves heard , just look who 's at the head of cec these days . 
  all the new and hip opposition had to do was listen to the people that rallied under its banners . 
  social issues , infrastructure , small town problems , you name it . 
  instead , we got nothing . 
  we got a list of political prisoners mixed with `` political prisoners '' , and a continuation of the unrealistic demand to get putin out . 
  turned out navalny and his pals never cared for the people . 
  and please , state media is for the old people who have long since made their minds up , and even they can tell ideology from reality thanks to the long years of living in another country . 
   advocating even for oligarchs imprisoned for political reasons is very correct activity , it puts pressure to investigate their actual crimes if there were any which is n't always a case , and most of the times prosecution and court hearings are questionable to say the least . 
  but the problem here is that they did n't commit their crimes alone and their partners in crime sit in kremlin or are just loyal enough . 
  there is no good when criminals are allowed to ` roam free ' and hold their stolen billions as long as they are loyal to putin . 
  it 's the opposite of a correct activity . 
  we do have a misfortune of having oligarchs in the country , and it 'll do no good if their numbers double . 
  for this particular problem , i do n't care who they 're loyal to or where they sit . 
  the best option is the one where they all sit somewhere around taimyr , and the closer reality is to it , the better . 
  [ and putin . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/may/13/brexit-perfect-gift-vladimir-putin-eu ) does ebola support it ? 
  and the accusations are stupid as well , it 's the same free publicity again . 
  navalny & co. doomed their movement the moment they switched their rhetoric from popular problems to the so-called political prisoners , with quite a few oligarchs on the list . 
  i ca n't speak for you , but i do n't want a single one more of their kind to roam free . 
  as for the environment , look at our history . 
  we 've had it worse , and we had viable opposition in worse conditions . 
  we 'll manage . 
  if he was n't beaten , you would n't hear about him today . 
  it 's pretty amusing how politically stupid some semi-political movements can get . 
  violence against a dried up project that 's managed to lose as much popular support as it did helps no one . 
  it only gives navalny free publicity which he wo n't even be able to use properly with his current image . 
  well yeah , that 's the point . 
  attention : reported by wsj first and so far , wsj only ( excluding the articles that cite wsj ) . 
  news like this would make the media here boil before reaching abroad . 
  is it a stealthy submarine ?
