  this division by views reeks of 1984 . 
  sounds like fortune is asking for a place on the list . 
  and the guy 's still downvoted . 
  talk about the `` hordes of putinbots '' . 
  hell yeah it 'll be a stupid show . 
  have you seen the other evening stuff on the big channels ? 
  it 's staged and angry . 
  it 's what gets the old people going . 
  russia , a revolutionary modern and sexually liberated country . 
  truly the new europe of our time : ^ ), 
  then just stop shelling donbass . 
  it 's that easy . 
  there 's a precedent of the opposite . 
  russia retains some control over ukraine , ukraine retains a foreign enemy to consolidate against . 
  everyone 's happy . 
  two can play this game . 
  europe can stop the sanctions by stopping the sanctions . 
  it just does n't want to . 
  it wants the russians to hate it for the sake of hurting russian economy and expanding its influence beyond the borders which russia can accept . 
  putting aside the fact that sanctions like that also concern the ordinary citizens , do explain how banks are a part of the industrial complex . 
  the counter-sanctions introduced do some damage as well , the only difference is that no verbal equilibristics are bein used to cover their purpose . 
  as for the crimeans , consult https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_sanctions_during_the_ukrainian_crisis#sanctions_against_crimea specifically ,  sanctions prohibit the sale , supply , transfer , or export of goods and technology in several sectors , including services directly related to tourism and infrastructure . 
  they list seven ports where cruise ships can not dock . 
  and then some more :  sanctions against crimean individuals include travel bans and asset freezes . 
  so much for not being sanctioned for being crimean . 
  could 've set a higher price at least , god damn . 
  you 're talking about the economy , not the people . 
  the people 's reaction can be measured in approval ratings , the economy 's in gdp dynamics . 
  are you implying that the sanctions you 've mentioned have not been economically damaging ? 
  edit : additionally , how do you justify imposing a specific extra set of sanctions onto the people which in european opinion have suffered the most from `` annexation '' ? 
   implements economicaly damaging counter-sanctions to protest our individual-based sanctions because not a single russian company has been sanctioned . 
  which i am not . 
  had trump been such an easy guy to read , the states would have a different president today . 
  he said he wanted to . 
  trump says the same . 
  that would be too easy a victory for russia to be true . 
  that 's the thing , as far as i know , evidence on these events is extremely rare . 
  eastern slavic tribes did n't even bother compiling chronicles until nestor . 
  historians have one point in common in their theories about this region : `` who the hell knows '' . 
  when it comes to usa and russia , good will and promises mean a total of nothing . 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
  the_west uses sanctions !!!, 
  they 're okay ... 
  it even sounds the same . 
   trump may not be a friend for too long  trump may not be a friend holy dickbuckets , bloomberg presents this as a discovery of galactic importance . 
  overall , the article sounds more sane than others on the same topic , which has become a praise these days . 
  hells yes if so . 
  * \u0421\u043e\u0445\u043d\u0443\u0442\u044c * may be a ( russian ) slang equivalent here . 
  the first one means a bottom of something empty or something that can act as a vessel . 
  examples : a riverbed , the bottom of a kettle , the lowest point in an economic recession etc. 
  the second one means `` create a sediment '' or that thing you do with dough to make it expand slower , but also ( and more often ) `` hold your horses '' . 
  jesus , lads , the world is literally turning into a huge russia with all these newfangled elections !, 
  '' \u0414\u043d\u043e '' , '' \u043e\u0441\u0430\u0434\u0438 '' and others of the like . 
  well , if they did n't want it , they could 've voted against it , more so since it was apparently an attack on ukraine which europe seems so eager to defend . 
  a list of officially `` russian '' candidates/parties/options would be welcome as well . 
   obninsk  40 people aha . 
  i thought to link [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9e/countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita_in_2015.svg ) , but then understood that going by the averages , we should be in a better place . 
  huh , well , we 're definitely below china 's level . 
  the big political game is like that , to achieve some ends you cast your humanity away and use the means that are effective . 
  i mean , was n't that what the `` mysterious '' backer of both of the ukrainian revolts and the georgian one did ? 
  thankfully , at least the georgian one did n't result in too much blood in the end . 
  so i do n't think it 's valid to complain about ukrainian consent when the country had been led to its current state by hand . 
  this is what happens to countries of lighter weight , they get forced , coerced , or bought into decisions . 
  imperialism has never gone anywhere off the scene , it 's simply covert these days . 
  as a bottom line , imo the borders between russia , ukraine , and belarus are unnecessary . 
  i do n't care what the country spanning our combined territories and populations is called , but it has to exist , so as long as there 's a force pulling us apart , there 's going to be reaction . 
  looks like our government thinks in the same way . 
  okay , this thing added 6 $ for the previous post . 
  now we only need to know which of the last two options in the post it tries to cover for . 
  kennedy kennedy . 
  illuminati . 
  putin putin . 
  kennedy . 
  illuminati . 
  read the article , please . 
  everyone who thinks the same , please read the article as well . 
  it has a lot of sense to it , and the only way it would be better is if it 'd say that russia 's problem is n't trump or usa , it 's whoever holds a lot of power close to it . 
  we 've had problems with europe since early 1700s and have been painted evil since about the same time . 
  ask poland who was russia 's problem before that . 
  does n't the developed \u2122 world consider russia a third world country anyways ? 
  i can bet there 's a larger cult of haruhi or asuka over here . 
  goddamn plebeians ca n't understand that lain 's where it 's at . 
  yeah , they 're a separate party . 
  they did n't make it past the 5 % threshold with their 2.7 % , but still , it 's a better result than some guys with much more active press coverage . 
  at that time ( 2011 ) , ldpr was the most protest vote one could manage . 
  realistically , no party out of the big four can change the current parliamentary status quo . 
  for the ruling party , it would be like shooting itself in the leg , while the communists and the `` justs '' are content with sucking up . 
  ldpr the meme party , however , is the party that needs united russia to have a guaranteed majority so that they have no chance of winning and zhirinovsky can keep taking his piss , talking mad shit and proposing to install monarchy with himself on the throne . 
  when a party like that gets a 3.5 % boost , nearly doubling its presence in the parliament ( which it did in 2011 ) , it 's a clear signal how fed up people are . 
  last year , i did vote for the new wave communists , in part to make the old communist party feel uncomfortable , but that 's a whole other story . 
  `` none of the above '' option had made its return by then . 
  what tv shows like these often do here is take these fringe views and make it look like they 're majority opinions , since very few people over their retirement age ( the ones with enough free time to watch that steaming pile of shit ) can or will bother themselves with fact-checking . 
  i would n't say he 's a tool of le evil kgb , but he 's sure a meme leader of a meme party . 
  i voted for him when the `` none of the above '' option was banned just because his party is a good index of public disappointment . 
  none of what he says holds any merit , of course . 
  somehow i doubt it 's wise for any country to let foreign help anywhere around its nuclear subs . 
  bro just take a loan bro, 
  i 'd argue on point 1 , be it a miniscule part of all abortions or not , but it 's good enough that we agree on point 2 . 
  can anyone give an outsider a run-down on italy and turkey ? 
  hopefully .
