  i actually do n't think the ez will back greek banks at this point . 
  greece will institute currency controls tomorrow would be my guess , which will minimize any change in the eur/usd . 
  but , he is right that demand would be increased for euros and a shortage of deposits will increase interest rates/reduce supply of euro for investment demand . 
  this theoretically results in an increase in the value of the euro . 
  however , that assumes it occurs within a normal context . 
  there are other bigger picture events going on which will probably effect the value of the euro more so than the actual bank run , and that 's mostly up to how people 's perceptions change about the euro in international finance circles . 
  i 'm sorry i was talking about making small purchases . 
  like , cash society meaning that they do n't use electronic means of purchasing such as debit/credit cards . 
  that is interesting though and certainly is notable within the context of the ongoing situation . 
  i appreciate the insight . 
  only really if i have to . 
  i try to keep like $ 20 on me just in case i do , but a lot of the time i do n't have any on me . 
  i did n't realize greece was such a cash society . 
  does greece not have debit cards ? 
  i 've just been curious about this . 
  it seems a lot of europe is more cash society than the us/canada is . 
  i just think it 's absolutely absurd and makes me feel very sad about this subreddit . 
  it 's possible that the more liberal turks have gained german citizenship , which means they had to give up their turkish citizenship and could n't vote . 
  yeah guys lets jack off to her in this thread and post tribute pictures too . 
  why the fuck is this comment necessary ? 
  much less the top comment ? 
  why do you need cash anyway ? 
  very true . 
  they 're just the closest i could come to examples . 
  well , really , argentina and venezuela are good examples . 
  yeah , but given the situation in greece , loaning any money to greece must be treated at this point by investors as giving the money away with little guarantee of repayment . 
  iceland had a controlled default of their own choosing , and it was n't on the debt of the country even it was just a default on bank deposit insurance . 
  and yet they still went through some major currency devaluation of 50 % and are n't even close to fully recovered . 
  greece will be a whole other monster more similar to argentina , which is definitely not doing fine . 
  actually i suspect a greek default will have little effect on the larger eurozone as a whole at this point . 
  it 's too far priced in to the economy at this point . 
  in greece , a default will unfortunately result in the fall of the euro in favor of a new currency so that the government can print cash to keep banks floating , at least on the books . 
  in the reality non-paperwork world , nobody will accept this situation or the new drachma over euros , so the banking system will collapse in greece . 
  the problem i suspect is that there will be an official exchange rate that can not be sustained without major currency controls . 
  why would anyone sell their goods for a worthless drachma when they have price tags up for good as always euros ? 
  the problem is that while a devaluation would be good , no one can say really at this point if the drachma would be worth anything at all . 
  to introduce a new currency you generally need very strong backing behind it to keep a stable currency exchange or people will lose faith immediately , if they had any to lose in the first place . 
  this is why you see countries that end up using the usd or euro unofficially and i feel like that would be the end point for greece anyway if they left . 
  they are . 
  but would they be valid if the eu applies taxes and duties to some british goods and vice versa ( as they do to all non-eu members ) and ireland is required by the eu to enforce those on british goods ? 
  sadly i think you are very very much correct . 
  people that are middle or upper class probably . 
  the common travel area only pertains to people , not to trade in goods . 
  of course the cta could continue , but customs could not . 
  i do n't see the value in the uk leaving the eu if it continues to follow exactly the same rules for tariffs and customs requirements as the eu ( meaning it has to follow what the eu dictates then ) . 
  as such , the uk and eu would no longer be part of the same customs zone . 
  now , most likely the uk would stay within the customs zone of the eu and have a similar relationship to the eu as the efta states like norway and iceland have , but i 'm not really sure why anyone would want that . 
  not really though . 
  if the uk leaves the eu trade zone , ireland will have to either a ) leave the eu as well or b ) begin customs enforcement at the border with the uk . 
  it existed before the eu but the only reason it works right now is because both countries are in the eu . 
  if suddenly one left the eu , the other would be forced to make that decision i highlighted above . 
  it 'd be stupid if they were n't . 
  indeed . 
  we understand why people view it this way . 
  we just do n't consider that to simply be deeply conservative . 
  we consider even saying things like that to be a criminal act and to be extremely barbaric and unusual . 
  to kill someone for any reason whatsoever is the highest crime you can commit , to the point that not even the state can take life ( execution ) . 
  like , consider how you guys seem to feel about people discussing apostasy and that 's how we feel about people discussing stoning people for apostasy . 
  they are very moderate , albania even more so . 
  albania has been considering civil unions for gay people . 
  essentially they are the more european-minded countries . 
  the european countries with muslim populations are n't that bad , like serbia or bosnia , either . 
  i think militarily they 've had supplies there since the fall of the soviet union . 
  for civilian goods like food . . 
  i 'm sure all that can come from anywhere . 
  perhaps . 
  but i agree more with the general idea that it depends on what comes to mind when war for your country is suggested . 
  for most americans it certainly has little to do with a war on our soil . 
  i suspect a vast majority of americans would be willing to fight if say , mexico was invading . 
  i think this difference is less important . 
  look at switzerland on the list . 
  canada/usa : largely padmapper.com cause it searches kijiji and whatever else for you and gives you a map view . 
  i think greece will be strung along like this until they finally recover in like 10-15 years . 
  it 'll be like argentina . 
  there will be continuing issues like with argentina , but everyone will be used to it . 
  it 's high relief . 
  otherwise it would n't be very recognizable as a relief map . 
  in all honesty , to kill a mockingbird is pretty good for the us ... 
  game of thrones also for c. 2400 . 
  france hosts several agencies of the eu . 
  they host the european railway agency , the european securities and markets authority , the european institute for security studies , and the community plant variety office . 
  they also host the european space agency hq , although that 's technically not part of the eu , even though the eu independently from the member states contributes 1.2 bn euros . 
  honestly it 's fairer to say that the russian space exploration program had military usefulness as well . 
  that being said , their buran did n't do too well . 
  while i agree , in the case of the jews/israel i believe it was justified . 
  same with armenia . 
  and well , countries like poland . 
  i mean , really , you ca n't make a huge argument against israel without making a huge argument against nationalism and nation states in general . 
  ideally , we would all be one world nation state , but practically speaking there are a ton of reasons we do not do that . 
  it 's kind of interesting . 
  from an idealistic standpoint , we should n't be countering crazy ethnic favouritism in nazi germany with the creation of a crazily ethnically favouritized state in israel for the jews . 
  but from a practical standpoint ... 
  id guess the biggest reason would come down to population within the us and cultural familiarity . 
  there 's a ton of scottish immigration to the us historically . 
  i do n't think the welsh immigrated here as much . 
  i do n't think that would be hate speech . 
  if the mods banned that , i 'd certainly be against it , but i do n't believe that is what is being suggested here . 
  the problem is posts that talk about pakis ruining england or whatever . 
  you ca n't just lump a whole race together unless the problem is endemic to literally 100 % of the people of that race . 
  but i think it 's fair to say that certain races/cultures have more problems than others .
