  eh , islamic terrorist groups existed before then , but they did n't really start committing terrorist attacks until the 80s and 90s , at least against the west . 
  what about christians in the middle east , no ? 
  sorry for being defensive . 
  in reality there 's obviously a limit at some point . 
  i think many of the countries of europe are reaching that limit though , especially germany and sweden . 
  although , i also think someone needs to help lebanon before they become the site of a new civil war themselves that we will have refugees fleeing from . 
  i think the rest of the world is going to have to step up a bit here and help take people in , including the balkan countries they are traveling through . 
  although , we may need to assist them financially in accepting refugees as their economies are n't exactly well performing . 
  i think most of my concern with allowing them in is not money related but instead that the concentration in any one country will prevent integration . 
  money wise though it 's sort of like saying the rich should n't have to pay taxes to help poor people ( especially those who are fleeing for their lives ) . 
  i guess us republicans are at least consistent with that logic whether they are the poor or rich people . 
  yes but he supposed that it / may / be cheaper . 
  i 'm not suggesting i 'm right , just that he proposed building a fence regardless of the cost compared to housing and feeding people fleeing a war and violent persecution . 
  if it were literally the same price , would we not house and feed them ? 
  hell , even if it were only slightly more expensive to do so than building a fence . 
  if he had said `` it will be cheaper '' then i would n't be arguing , because at least the moral compass is n't as ridiculous in that situation . 
   housing thousands of them . 
  i was making a moral point . 
  i do n't know what the actual costs are , and neither does debianjunkie or yourself . 
  let 's say it was the same price , would n't housing them all be better for humanity than building a fence ? 
  i mean , that would hold true even if it were slightly more expensive . 
  just saying . . 
  it 's true but it 's a kind of annoying stereotype because our country also has pretty broad political views . 
  most democrats would probably tell you that they want the us to reduce defense spending and stop getting involved with foreign wars because we always just make things worse and we never seem to be able to make the right choices . 
  also we 've been dealing with migrant crisis from mexico , central america , and the caribbean for some time without too much fuss . 
   well , maybe quite a bit of fuss with mexicans , but we 're moving towards implementing something to give them some legal status and eventual path to citizenship . 
  although you are right that you will always find idiots . 
  hey , do n't lump us americans with him . 
  almost certainly there would be a residency scheme for people already present between countries before a certain date ( maybe the date of the referendum ) . 
  it would have to be negotiated before the exit . 
  all brexit plans i 've seen include such an agreement . 
  i 'm not arguing with your statement but to say that palestine has existed longer than israel is n't really a statement you can make . 
  palestine and israel are the same thing and they are names for the same area that have basically been called that going back into roman times , kingdom of israel , roman province of philistine , etc. 
  jewish humor is basically entirely self deprecating . 
  some examples :  during the days of oppression and poverty of the russian shtetls , one village had a rumour going around : a christian girl was found murdered near their village . 
  fearing a pogrom , they gathered at the synagogue . 
  suddenly , the rabbi came running up , and cried , `` wonderful news !, 
  the murdered girl was jewish ! '', 
   an old jewish man riding on a train begins to moan : `` oy , am i thirsty ; oy , am i thirsty '' , to the annoyance of the other passengers . 
  finally , another passenger gets a cup of water from the drinking fountain and gives it to the old man , who thanks him profusely and gulps it down . 
  feeling satisfied , the other passenger sits down again , only to hear `` oy , was i thirsty ; oy , was i thirsty '' . 
   a boy comes home from school and tells his mother he got a part in the school play . 
  `` that 's wonderful ! '', 
  says the mother , `` which part ? '', 
  `` the part of a jewish husband , '' says the boy , proudly . 
  frowning , the mother says , `` go back and tell them you want a speaking role ! '', 
  it 's not entirely fueled by solar panels , but i 'm not sure it needs the extra power . 
  the other power source is that they send up compressed hydrogen alongside compressed oxygen because you ca n't compress water , and then they combine them up there in a process which generates electricity through a fuelcell . 
  ( you could just burn the hydrogen to create the water , but that 'd be dangerous . . ) the hydrogen fuel cells were used in the same way on the space shuttle as the main power source . 
  ah , the birthrates are n't really expected to be longterm and i 've never actually heard the birthrates focused on . 
  the longterm plan is to simply continually allow immigration . 
  canada for instance only has a growing population due to continual immigration each year . 
  otherwise it would look like japan . 
  personally i would say that it 's not going to be feasible in the ultra-long term to simply keep immigration up in order to reduce demographic issues in the economy , but it does provide the primary economic benefit to immigration in the medium term . 
  the secondary economic benefit being that mono-cultures are n't as creative . 
  people are allowed to be exempted from laws that only harm themselves due to sincerely held religious beliefs . 
  in canada there is a thing called duty to accommodate that covers this : http://www.chrc-ccdp.ca/eng/content/duty-accommodate in the us the same legal concept is called `` reasonable accomodation . '', 
  an example where the requirements of accomodation were not met is in the case of kirpans ( sikhs wear tiny swords around their necks ) . 
  airlines are allowed to refuse service to anyone who carries one which is deemed by the airline to be more dangerous than the air catering cutlery . 
  on the other hand , in schools :  in the schoolyard context , the court found that a complete ban on kirpans was not a reasonable option considering the low risk a kirpan posed to school security if certain conditions were put in place , such as ensuring that it be sewn into the boy 's clothes at all times . 
  in addition , the court noted the other items regularly available at schools that could be used as weapons , such as scissors , pencils or baseball bats . 
  thus , the school board 's rule impaired the student 's right beyond the minimal extent permitted under section 1 of the charter , and the board 's decision was reversed . 
  in contrast with the airplane scenario above , the court felt that there was an ongoing relationship in the school environment that provided the opportunity to establish rules surrounding the use of the kirpan , and the context resulted in different conclusions with respect to safety risks . 
  i think you can clarify that it 's basically under-educated middle eastern muslims , along with somalis . 
  they definitely as a group are the most opposed to integration and want to keep their old traditions and laws in their new countries . 
  i 've met plenty of educated muslims from the middle east that integrate well . 
  and muslims from the balkans seem to do well . 
  the patent system is broken but has worked reasonably well in the face of a need for some kind of return on r&d investment in a capitalist society . 
  and without some kind of return calculation , then there is no system for choosing the correct r&d investments and to reward those that make the right decisions . 
  the capitalist system is 100 % about having a marketplace where each thing has a value relative to other things . 
  this is how we can determine relative value . 
  profit is available wherever we can create value that did n't already exist in the market . 
  we need social democracy to ensure that that profit does n't just benefit the few . 
  if he had won an acceptable deal to greeks it would 've been acceptable . 
  but he did n't . 
  so he does n't get to defend himself with a failed plan that was undemocratic . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  i was thinking in terms of shipping the pennies around as well , which i suppose is n't what i said . 
  then why do n't they stay in hungary ? 
  or turkey ? 
  i think this is the basic problem . 
  these people have no concept of what europe is really like . 
  they are being promised an ultimate utopia if they risk their lives to get here . 
  and when they do n't see it where they end up , they 're promised by the smugglers that no , you have to go further onward , to germany/uk/sweden / etc. 
  to be fair , the eu is n't now and never will force the uk to take refugees . 
  it is uk domestic national law that covers this . 
  that 's why we have calais , and not `` eastern london '' or something . 
  the issue is n't passports , it is customs tariffs and duty as well as regulations on imports into the eu in general . 
  there would need to be customs posts on the border . 
  i think that 's unlikely so the uk would probably simply stay in the eu customs area and still be bound by eu regulations . 
  if they did that though then i do n't see the point in leaving . 
  actually very few civilians with guns at a us airport and tsa does n't have guns . 
  there are occasionally local police present , but they 're not super present . 
  even if you 're flying somewhere with your gun , it has to go into locked checked luggage and so it would n't be accessible . 
  unlike nitrogen , co2 and co are actively harmful . 
  you could have air that is 70 % oxygen and 30 % co2 or co and you 'll die very quickly . 
  you actually build up to toxic co2 levels faster than you deplete the needed oxygen in the air because there 's quite a bit of extra oxygen in the air . 
  co2 is n't just neutral like nitrogen , it 's actively harmful . 
  it 's a poison . 
  carbon monoxide is even worse because it binds to receptors that take up oxygen , so you suffocate besides being poisoned .
