  consider the ones camping outside calais to get into the uk ... 
  that 's racist bullshit . 
  you 've got kids in the us/canada doing the same bullshit all the time that they do n't believe is wrong . 
  my personal favorite is their swating bullshit . 
  now , you could have added : d ) do n't do this shit if you 're middle eastern !, 
  you 're going to get your ass killed instead of put in a fancy norwegian prison with a nice bedroom and a personal gym . 
  wow what the fuck . 
  a ) this kid knew what he was doing . 
  b ) he for some reason did n't believe it was wrong . 
  c ) you do n't do that shit . 
  sorry , mixed them up . 
  co2 is closer to a 4 % limit . 
  i stand by though , i do n't think this was carbon monoxide . 
  you will die from co2 poisoning before depleting oxygen . 
  i doubt that much carbon monoxide gets into airtight fridge truck containers . 
  we 'd need to wear air masks every time we opened the container . 
  far more likely it was carbon dioxide poisoning actually . 
  if carbon monoxide built up that quickly in fridge trucks then we 'd have to wear oxygen masks every time we opened them to make sure we did n't pass out temporarily . 
  carbon dioxide would n't take long to build up from 50 people in that small an airtight space . 
  maybe a day . 
  also , super shitty way to go . 
  human bodies can detect carbon dioxide build up . 
  unlike with carbon monoxide , co2 detection was evolutionarily beneficial . 
  humans use extremely little oxygen in reality . 
  you will die from carbon dioxide poisoning instead . 
  as little as 1 % concentration of co2 is fatal . 
  i think you mean carbon dioxide . 
  in a space that small with 50 people , airtight for fridgeration , it would n't take long . 
  less than a day , actually , i think . 
  who ? 
  who have you seen caught ? 
  if they had caught and stopped a single attack they 'd fucking parade it around . 
  yeah canada here is basically the same . 
  but there are tons of banks in say , florida , that i 've never heard of . 
  true , but most countries have tight regulations that only allow a handful of chartered banks afaik . 
  jesus christ i lost my shit at this one . 
  different banks . 
  but that also does n't include credit unions , of which there are about 7000 apparently . 
  i 'm actually kind of surprised there is n't more banks , but i guess there has to be some upper limit . 
  no benefits , high cost of living , low pay . 
  they historically have n't been allowed since like , forever . 
  because casinos are bad and shitty and the government knows that and does n't want gamblers for citizens . 
  oh good . 
  one of the smugglers showed up . 
  it 's funny because saying 3-4 banks for 100,000 people does n't even mean much to an american 's ear but probably means a lot more to europeans . 
  there are tiny banks in the us with only one branch in one obscure town . 
  there 's like tens if not hundreds of thousands of banks . 
  edit : okay , perhaps the number is closer to 6800 banks and 7000 credit unions . 
  ohh . 
  but place name in this case is an adjective . 
  like brown buffalo . 
  it 's capitalized simply because it is a proper name . 
  in the us this is standard form , although a lack of apostrophes is also acceptable . 
  yes but i capitalized the first bullish simply because it is the start of a sentence . 
  james , while john had had `` had , '' had had `` had had '' ; `` had had '' had had a better effect on the teacher . 
  it 's illegible without proper grammatical punctuation , though . 
  for buffalo , it really makes sense when it 's explained to you , but unlike the john sentence with proper punctuation , it would never be accepted by an english teacher . 
  for one thing , it is basically two sentences stuck together that mean the same thing but in the opposite order , so it lacks brevity . 
  for the other , there are words that would be required to be added by any english teacher : buffalo buffalo , that buffalo buffalo buffalo , buffalo buffalo buffalo . 
  a similar sentence could be written like : the bullish bullies , that bullish bullies bully , bully bullish bullies . 
  or bullish bullies bullish bullies bully bully bullish bullies . 
  it 's all really bad writing and would get you some f 's in english class . 
  i do n't actually believe that to be true . 
  expats in general are more likely to be less ethnocentric and conservative . 
  good . 
  to be fair , if that were the case , we 'd stop doing business with any banks in most of the world , including russia . 
  several american areas in the pacific use different colors for some reason . 
  yeah , it sounds sort of like saying the american republic . 
  yeah , fucked up ai n't it ? 
  they already have adult-proof packaging here , i think . 
  well the \u00d8 is danish , not swedish ... 
  it depends how it is setup . 
  most likely it will result in higher taxes for richer eu citizens , either directly through eu-level taxes or through increased eu bills for richer governments . 
  i 'd personally prefer eu-level taxes . 
  this is more efficient and transparent . 
  actually it 's rather ineffectual . 
  from what i understand , whether we continue at our current emissions or eliminate emissions we are in for 2-4c of warming . 
  what happens after the 100 years is what matters . 
  any larger than 100 random people is pretty statistically significant . 
  at 1000 it allows you to get more statistically significant breakdowns ( by income , age group , etc ) . 
  it 'd just extend our time horizon . 
  at the margins ( smart people ) they believe that human effort to reduce or eliminate global warming is a ) minuscule and ineffectual b ) unaffordable and damaging to the global economy . 
  essentially they say that most of the increase is because of natural changes in the sun 's solar radiance and due to greenhouse gas emission related to food production as well as geological processes such as volcanic offgassing . 
  all of these are actually true to some extent , and it is also true that fighting to eliminate global warming will be ineffectual in the short term of the next 100-300 years . 
  we 're in for the next 100 years of global warming even if we stopped driving cars tomorrow . 
  sadly , you are correct . 
  we should 've never started treating former presidents as kings . 
  agreed . 
  i think people mistake fiscal union for some kind of fiscal blank check for the eu member states to run as much debt as they want . 
  neither the us or canada would actually bail out a state/province . 
  however , they are not impacted by differences in monetary policy need between regions as much as the eu . 
  u/lawsimple does not accurately describe the us/canadian system . 
  that being said , it is the recommended system . 
  i 've added what i responded to him with below : i agree that the us and canada should be the starting point for any fiscal union design for a federation such as the eu . 
  but you are wrong that they are not fiscal unions . 
  the us and canada are representative of fiscal unions . 
  because you ca n't just look at how financial decisions are made , you have to look at how the money itself acts . 
  while the us system looks very spread out , most spending in the us occurs at the federal level . 
  most welfare/health care/social security/retirement/etc is coming from federal spending , so the system is representative . 
  ** under a similar us-based eu fiscal union ** , imagine if the eu ran a federal version of the nhs and all state pensions were run by the eu , as well as a majority of the welfare system , with greeks and brits getting the same welfare amounts .
