  certainly middle east cultures have backward elements , but the culture as a whole is n't inferior , just their respect for human rights . 
  its not like europe is the perfect end all to human civilization and that no laws need to change ever , but we are capable of having constructive criticism about say , greece without saying they should sink into the ocean . 
  i think its fair to say we can discuss saudi arabia in the same way . 
  fucked up as they are , writing a whole country off is far less productive than criticizing their human rights record . 
  you 're right , we should also invite people to come in and say that the gays and jews cause all of our problems . 
  they 're just exercising their free speech . 
  there is a difference between constructive debate and criticism and hate drivel . 
  i do n't think the latter has a place in this forum . 
  there are other forums that are available for race and culture hate . 
  while their culture is valid that does n't mean we ca n't think their practices are bad . 
  i think you can criticize a culture 's practices , but you ca n't say that a culture as a whole is inferior . 
  like , you can say circumcision is bad . 
  but you ca n't say jews are bad . 
  yes , this is my point and kaiser 's point . 
  melzair 's point was that alaska , through its membership in the united states , is itself a un member . 
  this is sort of nitpicking though . 
  i am a un member , because i 'm a citizen and resident of a un country , but it does n't really make me a un * member * . 
  i do n't think you can really classify it as failed mating . 
  that 's like classifying a successful business owner , that has no interest in music , a failed musician . 
  you can say that they are n't mating , though , if you want to use the biological reproductive definition of mating . 
  i 'm saying that a missing limb is not a huge disability . 
  it 's bad , sure , but i would certainly still want to live . 
  i would say that being gay is a bigger `` disability '' than that in this day and age . 
  heck , we can make artificial limbs that are pretty damn good . 
  on the other hand , if given the choice between continuing to live the rest of my life entirely dependent on others without the capacity to think properly , or perhaps experience chronic pain , and the opportunity to die a painless death , i would probably take the painless death . 
  for those types of genetic disabilities , i think it 's probably the moral decision to abort . 
  i mean , i 'm just saying my personal attitudes towards the whole thing . 
  obviously opinions will differ on what is worth bringing into the world , and i personally think some of those opinions are reprehensible . 
  basically , i think to say that someone should n't have brought their child into the world because they are missing a leg is kind of crazy to me . 
   but marriage , dating , etc are mating rituals/etc . 
  husband/wife are terms for mates . 
  setting up a home and playing house are mating routines . 
  i 'm not saying you should n't be allowed , all i am saying is that it is pretense of mating , not real mating . 
  i think it depends on what you mean by mating . 
  if you mean mating like creating a loving relationship between two people , sure , but i do n't see how it is n't real mating . 
  if you mean like creating children , does that definition exclude the pretty sizeable population of straight marriages/relationships between people that do not want children ? 
  i assure you that we do n't try to mate with each other in the sense you describe . 
  it 's not like we 're not aware how babies are made . 
  i also do n't think abortion or gene therapy is in any way necessary . 
  i think if a therapy were available that worked , gay people should be allowed the option if they want it . 
  for instance , some people are religious and would want to choose to be straight . 
  that should be allowed . 
  but i think we should cherish our diversity on this planet . 
  nobody is really that `` unnatural . '', 
  most parents would fully accept a child born with one arm or one leg . 
  it 's not that huge of a disability and there 's nothing really wrong with it . 
  if genes are detected that would actually cause a major disability to the child ( for instance , an extremely high risk of a short life , or pain , etc. ), 
  then i think that 's the only chance for people to morally abort a fetus . 
  not that i think we should be deciding for women . 
  he 's beyond saving . 
  i delved into his posting history . 
  i would n't recommend it . 
  by the way , i do n't think you 're that much better off than him if you honestly believe a fetus that would be born without a leg or an arm is worth aborting for that reason alone . 
  i could see if you gave examples of shortened life spans due to various genetic diseases , but a leg ? 
  people live perfectly normal lives who have lost a leg . 
  i think that 's sort of nitpicking , though . 
  what he meant is that they do n't have an independent seat at the table . 
  http://www.multpl.com/chart/afghanistan-gdp-per-capita-30ff1d79d515cbfe.png i 'm not saying it 's solved all their problems , i 'm just saying that it 's succeeded at making their economy perform several times better than it was . 
  we 've helped their economy grow much more quickly than we helped germany or japan . 
  they 're brusque and rude and annoying at times , like the tsa are . 
  why would we ? 
  we do n't keep canadians from coming in and buying things . 
  we actually have used an enormous amount of money trying to rebuild iraq and afghanistan . 
  and it 's worked . 
  afghanistan 's gdp per capita has grown very well with our assistance . 
  problem is they have a shittier economy to start with than japan , germany , or south korea were , by like an order of magnitude . 
  i do n't know if you 're being satirical . . 
  it 's almost as hard as if you have any other passport . 
  my 1 kilogram application package for spousal sponsorship from the us to canada can attest to that , and the 12 month processing time . 
  while true , if the mediterranean did n't exist i am guessing there would be a wall . 
  to be fair , the rest of the world lost those freedoms too and they never returned . 
  in the us it is like ,75 to ,85 $ / l. 
  it works out but i think i 'd never want it to supplant the national interstate system . 
  i think there should always be a free option paid for by taxes . 
  preferably by gas taxes , but right now our gas taxes are far too low to actually pay for all of our roads and highways ( it 's why our gas is so cheap ) . 
  instead the highways are crumbling . 
  it 's the one nice thing about toll roads , they 're built to a very high standard because there 's a company around to sue , and they are always pretty well maintained because they make more money if people like the road . 
  it 's only expressways/freeways . 
  it 's impossible to toll it any other way . 
  you charge people using the highway at toll posts getting on and at certain points along the highway . 
  mostly it 's done electronically using rfid tags now so you do n't have to stop . 
  florida has one where i grew up called the florida turnpike . 
  really , whenever we used it you 'd save more money on gas ( based on where you were going ) than you spent in tolls , because it was a more direct route . 
  they do , but they do n't pay cash to cornwall . 
  this is how transfers actually work , cash budgetary transfers . 
  the only way the eurozone would have federal debt instruments is if they were paying for something . 
  i mean , if you want to transfer all health and welfare payment systems to the eurozone level , as most of the us works , you can do that . 
  that would work as well as transfers . 
  the us federal `` debt instruments '' i.e. 
  us treasury bonds are used to pay for the us military , social security , medicare , etc , all run by the federal government . 
  they can not be issued by a us state . 
  actually they are hugely difficult . 
  the only reason the us works is because most fiscal policy is done at the federal level . 
  canada for instance has most fiscal policy done at the provincial level , like in europe at the member state level . 
  as such , massive cash transfers are done between provinces by the federal government to equal things out . 
  europe needs to go one of these ways to make it work . 
  and since i doubt health and welfare spending is going to be switched to the eu level , the transfers seem most prudent . 
  as for china , well , i 'm not familiar , but it 's not like they do n't have huge problems with their currency controls . 
  [ french highways are largely made up of toll roads . 
  ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:france_autoroutes_map-fr.svg ) it 's kind of hard to make all roads toll roads , though , which is why the rest of roads are paid for through gas tax and do actually pay for themselves and maintenance .
