  they ought to be kicked out of the eea as well and they can negotiate for free trade on the same level as a country like the us or canada . 
  uh , it did n't actually work though . 
  with or without the fence , none of them were ever going to stay in hungary just like none of them are staying in croatia . 
  they 're all usually very nice but it still feels like standing on the edge of a cliff for me whenever there are guns around . 
  it 's not that rare for guns to be mishandled by idiotic gun owners or curious children or so forth . 
   address you mean expense . 
  it 's strange because it seems to me like there 's two things going on at the same time here . 
  we have islamists on the one hand who want sharia law and all that . 
  and on the other side we have fucked up idiots assaulting and sometimes killing people . 
  sometimes it seems like these groups are connected , but i 'm not entirely sure they are . 
  it 's kind of interesting because everyone is pretty much awful in some way if they 're that powerful . 
  so should we get rid of pretty much all statues ? 
  like , winston churchill was certainly involved in the continued shittiness of britain for homosexuals and other groups at his time , beyond other more obvious issues of his . 
  ought his statues be taken down ? 
  it 's an interesting question as it also applies in the us regarding confederate statues in the south ... 
  while what you are saying is correct , that 's not what lolmonger said . 
  he implied that at best he 's guilty of simply being a pedophile and that is somehow bad . 
  honestly i think anyone that has such a problem and never acts on it is probably a better person than us . 
  yeah , i think that 's the way europeans think of it . 
  and that is a perfectly fine definition of fluency . 
  as an english speaker in canada or the us , fluency really just means being able to communicate effectively . 
  we do n't really expect people to be like a native speaker . 
  his english is n't actually that bad , having heard him speak before . 
  as long as it 's not like the italian pm ... 
  i 've worked with people who have worse accents/fluency . 
  it 's really not a big deal . 
  europeans are a bit more particular about fluency being perfect . 
  i 'd personally rather it be like canada . 
  insurance is provided for everyone and it comes out of income tax primarily . 
  and their taxes are n't even higher than ours because it is managed so well . 
  that 's not really true . 
  i know some people who are uninsured who have been brought through the ringer for medical bills . 
  while it is technically illegal to have no health insurance , the cost is basically nothing , so i do n't see the point of mentioning it . 
  it 's like saying jay walking is illegal . 
  and actually you do pay the high rates , why do you think health insurance is so expensive ? 
  even if you do n't pay it when you actually visit , it 's not like the health insurance companies operate at a loss . 
  healthcare is like 17 % of our gdp . 
  that 's way too high , especially because it 's only going to go up in the future . 
  do you realize that nationalization requires a lot of money ? 
  you could nationalize those banks now without them being in the uk ... 
  i think the best french cuisine probably comes from the south near italy/spain anyway ... 
  should we support isis since there are dictators and foreign countries trying to destroy them ? 
  even though they made some bad decisions ... 
  i 'm not saying i disagree with you on the whole , i just do n't think your argument makes any sense . 
  i think iceland has a history of reading and studying because there 's nothing else to do in the long dark winters . 
  so that sort of explains a lot of the intellectual statistics about iceland . 
  so many people i see who have removed their catalytic converters and so forth , blowing diesel smoke , etc. 
  :( i have no hope for humanity in this regard , because it takes everyone . 
  and just a few people can continue to screw it up for everyone else . 
   hindsight is 20/20 . 
  of course now we know that the aircraft was only in turkish airspace for 17 seconds . 
  the turks knew this at the time they fired the missile . 
  there 's no such thing as stand your ground in international law , the laws of war , etc. 
  and there especially is n't any kind of `` fire upon your enemy as they retreat . '', 
  if we are going to pretend turkey has the right to do these things , then russia can just as well pretend it has a right to retaliate and fire some turkish planes out of the sky that come into syrian airspace , defending the rights of their ally assad . 
  actually , they did not . 
  it was a disproportionate response to the transgression . 
  they had no reason to believe the aircraft had malicious intention toward turkey , so they did n't really have a reason to respond . 
  turkey shot down the aircraft after they had already left turkish airspace , by everyone 's accounts including turkey . 
  while what russia did was in breach of turkish sovereignty , what turkey did was a bigger breach of international law and potentially an act of war . 
  just as importantly , syrian rebels targeted and killed one of the airmen while they were parachuting . 
  this is also against international law and illegal . 
  human rights could still be considered universal by someone if they believed either the uk system or french system was better . 
  relativism only exists when we say they have the same value . 
  that would help with stopping them killing people in syria/iraq but it has no chance of making a difference here in europe . 
  the people that kill under the name of isis here ( europe , north america , etc. ), 
  have very little actual affiliation or funding in common with isis . 
  so is france and the uk . 
  it seems it has more to do with cuts to police budgets and a lack of resources . 
  the regulation in the eu allows more trade , though , to take place . 
  without it , you 'll see other barriers to trade cause a reduction in trade beyond simply the tariff duties . 
  things like differing regulations on can sizes , vehicle requirements , etc etc etc. 
  we see a lot of that between the us and canada . 
  you 're right about all of the other things , but these are things if i were british i would prefer stuck around , so i do n't really see as much value i guess . 
  for example with regards to regulations of greenhouse gasses , or employment regulations , etc. 
  i appreciate your very reasonable debate by the way , you raise good points even if i personally would not necessarily want them . 
  true . 
  but that will mean things will likely become more expensive in the uk on the whole and the economy will likely do worse on the whole . 
  it 's not the end of the world though and i can understand if people think that is worth it for independence . 
  they would need to join the efta and be governed by most of the regulations and laws of the eu as such . 
  i do n't understand why anyone would vote to leave the eu but remain in the eea . 
  do these people think of norway as the ideal relationship with the eu ? 
  the concessions will be minimal if they want to stay in the eea but the uk will lose all political power . 
  if i were a ukip supporter , and i 'm not , i 'd want us not to ever join the eea or efta . 
  we would negotiate something along the relationship that the usa or canada has with the eu , which is partial free trade . 
  usually it 's more quiet . 
  like this sign : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f2/transportation_investment_generating_economic_recovery_sign.jpg/800px-transportation_investment_generating_economic_recovery_sign.jpg which only has the two logos of the arra and tiger . 
  not really true . 
  the federal government has its branding on lots of things . 
  i was n't being sarcastic just so you know . 
  yeah , really , do n't blame the religion . 
  blame the region , culture , etc. 
  you make a good point which is why we should n't be putting sanctions on russia either . 
  but if we 're going to put sanctions at all , the other guy makes a good point . 
  ca n't say i 've ever been called that . 
  americano ... gringo ... but that 's dumb . 
  yes but the problem is that part of the law is inapplicable because you ca n't deport them . 
  i suppose you could arrest them i guess as you said , but that does n't seem super productive . 
  i think different cultures are great and variety is interesting . 
  good for everyone to be a bit worldly and inter-cultural .
