  the values though , no , i think we can all have a discussion of the relative value of different values . 
  culture , other than the values of that culture , do n't really have less or more value . 
  whether i eat fish and chips or hummus or what i wear speaks nothing of value . 
  but to what degree i believe in freedom of speech , freedom of expression , equality , etc. 
  that says something . 
  the thing is , the international law on this subject does n't really stipulate about the number of border crossings . 
  it 's why central americans kids are able to claim refugee status in the united states after passing through mexico and why sudanese can claim refugee status in kenya , or israel . 
  while technically true , what they are doing is technically well within the refugee convention . 
  when it was written , nobody considered that people might country-shop for asylum . 
  champagne noted a ynetnews article https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3p8kg5/more_young_french_saying_au_revoir_to_their/cw487v1, 
  i think it 's more likely that they 're just very well regulated . 
  you raise a good point . 
  it 's a warzone but it 's still very safe , at least it was before the recent attacks started up . 
  even with the recent attacks , it 's still really safe , statistically speaking , on the same level with france . 
  murders by terror are almost insignificant compared to normal murder rates in israel . 
  but it 's a question of the terror people feel in one place or the other , it 's mostly psychological . 
  before the recent attacks in israel , people felt fear in france from the uptick in anti-semitic violence . 
  is there really a health care monopoly in france though ? 
  i did n't think prices were set by the government , they just help people pay . 
  and the copays help people choose cheaper care . 
  unlike the uk where they have a somewhat communist style system of health care . 
  the railways i will totally agree with you on , and the german system is even worse where the railway company and train company are the same . 
  the uk has their system handled a lot better . 
  and yet countries like germany and japan where they are monopolies , seem to have much better performance . 
  it 's strange . 
  1-2 % of the current population . 
  at it 's height would be before wwii ... as champagne noted . 
  it 's up from recent years . 
  but it 's easy to exaggerate the numbers . 
  it 's a big deal , but not an exodus . 
  true , but property rights and free market are kind of an important part of capitalism i 'd think . 
  around 1-2 % each year , yeah . 
  i do n't know if you understand the difference between communism and capitalism . 
  capitalism is a way of determining the value of things . 
  communism is another way of doing it , but it does n't work . 
  we move towards communism when the state determines the value of a thing without using the market . 
  it has nothing to do with % of taxation . 
  the most difficult thing i find in being an entrepreneur in the us is being able to know early on that you 've failed rather than seeing all your money disappear into a black hole . 
  if you 've still got some money , you can pick yourself up and try at not failing again . 
  to be clear , plenty of times i 've wanted so badly to punch someone in the face but i know that it 's irrational and against every value i hold dear . 
  anger and irrationality are a part of being human . 
  it 's important that we are able to recognize these states and do something productive with it . 
  that 's kind of like saying ` rightists ' and meaning neo-nazis though . 
  open borders are great between european countries where we all have relatively similar countries , relatively similar values , etc. 
  and the plan is to eventually have some level of standard for living across all the countries of europe . 
  it does n't work when a non-european country gets added to the mix unilaterally . 
  that being said , these are refugees . 
  they would have these same rights whether there were open borders or not . 
  bulgaria , romania , and croatia , among the other countries in the balkans , do not have open borders . 
  does it help the situation ? 
  so basically we have to have a frank discussion about whether we give a shit about people fleeing a warzone , regardless of whether they 're assholes or not . 
  because we need to perform a major overhaul to the 1951 refugee convention if we are going to remove their automatic right to asylum wherever they get to and begin performing automatic deportation if you come illegally ( currently coming illegally is automatically excused under the convention ) . 
  i have my own opinions on the matter but these are the facts . 
  for instance ryanair will expect a passport . 
  they 're allowed to do this . 
  trains and busses do n't generally ask though , from what i understand . 
  eh , what is law and what airlines will expect are sometimes two different things . 
  first , that value is not simply used in the cases of self defense and you know that , it 's an all encompassing value not strictly limited to that one issue . 
  it is used in our economic policies , the way we deal with welfare , immigration , etc. 
  we express it constantly in our day to day lives . 
  other people who are not us , even if they are americans , matter less than us , period . 
  individualism is often used to hide our selfishness . 
  but let 's get to your point , okay , so what if you can get away instead of kill them ? 
  even if you say it 's risky to get away , it 's also risky to try to kill them . 
  lots of people die trying to do the latter . 
  and let 's not get into the fact that more people in this country die due to false perceived danger at the hands of someone using their `` stand-your-ground rights , '' than the number that were actually attacking the person . 
  you 're right , i just felt narcissistic doing it . 
  i posted it last week on facebook . 
  eh , i 'm not saying it 's all americans that share these values . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  but , they are undoubtedly more common than other values . 
  i believe they are , sadly , the average american values . 
  vermont is a case in point really , with very free gun laws , high gun ownership , but they do n't share american values . 
  the studies all sort of contradict each other . 
  i 'll try and find a few later if i get back to my computer . 
  here 's one , that says no influence : http://www.law.harvard.edu/students/orgs/jlpp/vol30_no2_katesmauseronline.pdf here 's one that says yes , correlation : http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/hicrc/firearms-research/guns-and-death/ and that 's from the same institution , so ... 
  personally i 'm sort of skeptical of the second link , since if you look at the actual raw numbers there is n't a very strong correlation between gun ownership and gun violence . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence_in_the_united_states_by_state the laws themselves are more correlated with places that have high gun crime anyway . 
  and historically they were enacted because of high crime rates , like in chicago or dc . 
  the problem with america is not gun ownership . 
  the problem with america is american values . 
  it is american values that say it is always better to punish someone than to try to help them . 
  it is american values that the sword is mightier than the pen . 
  it is american values that put less importance on the lives of others than yourself . 
  these are the values of people that murder . 
  we will find ways to kill each other , guns or not . 
  yeah . 
  the gun laws sort of follow the crime , not the other way around . 
  it 's not like the gun laws cause the crime , but they do n't seem to help either . 
  criminal roma , or just criminals . 
  sadly criminal can end up becoming a code word for minorities whether they are criminal or not , as it often does in the us . 
  how . . how many greenlanders are here ? 
  euros are just worth more than dollars , same deal with the pound . 
  you can convert them back usually at a very similar rate . 
  ( there is some loss to give the money changer their profit , but it 's small , maybe 1-2 % . ), 
  2 ) it depends on the thing . 
  like you saw , train and air travel is cheaper . 
  but most other things are more expensive . 
  generally speaking , expect prices in line with being in a place like new york city or san francisco , as long as you are going to western european cities . 
  3 ) it 's very common to use cards .
