  the high speed trains have proven largely profitable in europe where it is dense enough to construct them . 
  not really , at least in the case of the us . 
  the differences are more similar to the differences between the old german states and the new ones . 
  i think you misunderstand our bond system . 
  it 's right there in the article : `` ever since , federal debt has been backed by the full faith and credit of the entire united states ( state debts are a different matter ) . '', 
  that deficit the article described runs a bit loose with the definition of deficit . 
  they are treating federal spending in a state as a deficit , because many states get more from the federal government than the state pays in . 
  the us does n't have fiscal transfers so to speak , and the state bonds are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the entire union . 
  what makes the us work is that most of the spending and fiscal policy is actually done at the federal level . 
  to describe this as transfers is sort of like describing the uk as having fiscal transfers between london and cornwall . 
  canada has inter-provincial fiscal transfers that you describe , as most fiscal spending is done at the provincial level ( health care and welfare spending is largely done at the provincial level ) . 
  these transfers are called the canada health transfer , canada social transfer and equalization payments . 
  the equalization payments in particular are straight up cash given to poorer provinces through the federal government . 
  the us has no similar system . 
  it 's hard to say germany is responsible or not responsible . 
  in this case , the adage that it takes two to tango is true . 
  you can blame a bank for loaning too much money to someone that they then have to go through bankruptcy to pay back . 
  you can also blame that someone for borrowing too much money they knew ( or should 've known ) they could n't pay back . 
  germany has no responsibility to bail out greece . 
  they were n't even the original `` bank . '', 
  it 's like blaming your cousin for not paying off your loans and giving you house and food when you lost your job . 
  to be fair , obama could not have been elected without the over $ 1bn in campaign funds . 
  roads routinely pay for themselves , which is why toll roads run by private organizations exist . 
  rail even can pay for itself , and airports . 
  but the chunnel will probably not pay itself off for a hundred years or more . 
  personally i 'd say that the rail network in the baltics has to be completed first before considering this . 
  once you can actually get from helsinki to riga , vilnius , and onward , we can maybe talk . 
  holy crap that 's an unsafe setup . 
  i thought this was going to be usual bad safety stuff . 
  this on the other hand is gross negligence . 
  the support resting on rebar piles and the electric cabling going through flooded areas is what really killed me here . 
  to be fair , he 's not wrong . 
  that being said , nato is n't too weak . 
  this is a new kind of warfare and nato ca n't really fight it . 
  to be honest , it might well be better for everyone involved if ukraine gave up some land in exchange for peace . 
  the people on that land seem to largely prefer russia anyway , no ? 
  in the end , i have a lot of concern for areas within nato that hold minority separatist groups such as in estonia and latvia . 
  i think you greatly misunderstood what i wrote . 
  beyond that , i think you need to cool it . 
  the first `` they '' is germany and france , but the second `` they '' is greece . 
  this . 
  exactly . 
  they are `` bailing out '' the deep water that they 've gotten themselves into . 
  it 's a pretty poignant statement , but i think symbolism and pressure is important . 
  if anyone can say that we should put pressure on israel but not on saudi arabia , that 's sad and ridiculous and playing to double standards . 
  israel 's system of vouchers seems to work ok but i 'm personally still a bigger fan of single payer or nhs style . 
  this is mostly because the us states are pretty responsible with their money . 
  the system is n't really designed to prevent any of the above happening though . 
  california almost pulled a greece couple years back . 
  haha . 
  i meant like , that it 's in union with england , but i mangled my english . 
  to be fair , usually i think when people refer to britain as england , they do n't realize that scotland is a part of england . 
  i do n't really see how we can be pro-individual and women 's rights by refusing them the right to wear whatever they want , whether that 's less or more . 
  the kind of women being actually forced to wear headscarves are also the kind of women who are very unlikely to be working . 
  all banning the headscarf does , in reality , is solve a symptom of a problem that exists for some percentage of these women . 
  those women that were being forced , would almost certainly just not be allowed to leave the house if they could n't wear the niqab/hijab . 
  now can we actually talk about solving the actual problem of immigrants who have denigrating views towards women ? 
  it 's most likely something like this and maybe they will also announce annexation of south ossetia/abkhazia . 
  haha . 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't think the guy was saying that it 's rational that russia is feeling provoked . 
  just that it 's silly for us to think it would n't have provoked them . 
  while i agree , you can not honestly believe the us would follow your beliefs as a whole . 
  the us would invade canada in a heartbeat if that were going on , and they 'd have the support of the uk . 
  i do n't know by what definition you 'd say they were reprimanded . 
  they will gain support in the polls for having done it and there are literally no negatives for them . 
  okay and what if the shetlands vote to become separate ? 
  oh , and maybe northern scotland starts balkanizing ? 
  and what about small towns that want to be independent ? 
  democracy is n't meant to be perfect . 
  it 's meant to keep us from killing each other in civil wars and wars in general . 
  what you call democracy other people might call anti-democratic . 
  there 's no real agreed upon belief in democracy . 
  the us did have a civil war over it , and the general consensus in the us is that you ca n't leave unilaterally . 
  if the country decides you ca n't leave , we will go to war to keep the state in . 
  anything else is anti-democratic and anti-american in our modern view . 
  at some point though you get into a question of what democracy is and the limits of self-determination . 
  at some point it gets down to pointy spears and guns and who has more power , politically and through actual force . 
  every plan i 've seen floated includes such an assumption . 
  and yeah , it really only makes sense . 
  it 'd be kind of weird to deport people who are working . 
  i think people not working or without some exemption would probably not be able to obtain status . 
  what you are proposing is pretty much anarchy . 
  i do n't really disagree with you , but it 's been done this way by design . 
  in fact , a member state can even remove eu citizenship based on particular status if they want . 
  for instance , greenlanders do n't have eu citizenship . 
  it 's a kind of complex mess . 
  as far as i know the plan would be to allow people already present in europe to get a form of permanent residence . 
  vice versa for people already in the uk . 
  eu citizenship is merely a status tied to people who have citizenship in an eu member country . 
  it is not legally separable under current law . 
  this is by design , as it 's not like that was n't discussed . 
  he was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm from the us and am very used to it but it still gets me a bit on edge . 
  especially people who do n't handle their guns super well , e.g. 
  do n't keep the safety on and such . 
  you made me laugh out loud . 
  i 'm kind of feeling the same way lately . 
  the uk has too many opt-outs as it is . 
  they are less integrated than the eea is as things are .
