i am adding that word to my personal dictionary . 
  my guess is they will become matured bonds , i.e. 
  they will stop paying interest and will become redeemable at face value . 
  it 's because both greenland and the faroese did n't want to be a part of the eu , so they are exempt from eu rules and in return they do n't get eu status . 
  since there 's no such thing as greenland or faroese citizenship , they went with residency for determining this . 
  for practical purposes this only matters when you go to change your passport from a [ danish passport ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c1/dk_passport_cover.jpg/640px-dk_passport_cover.jpg ) to a [ faroese passport ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a4/faroe_islands_passport.jpg/640px-faroe_islands_passport.jpg ) . 
  if you move from the faroese to denmark you can change your passport back . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure if you have to change your passport immediately upon moving or what . 
  it 's the same deal with [ greenland passports ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/56/greenland_passport.jpg/640px-greenland_passport.jpg ) as for the faroese . 
  let 's not even get into british nationality classifications . . 
  mostly there is a fear that the danes and russians will fight with canada over arctic oil . 
  but canadians do n't seem to care about defending their territory up there too much . 
  i suppose this compares to net vs gross in english ? 
  even so , it 's just the way things are done in some places . 
  i think it 's an anglo thing to do , because the uk , ireland , us , canada , etc , seem to do it that way . 
  if people are talking about budgets they generally talk about them post-tax , but if they 're just talking about their annual salary for comparison purposes they always use pre-tax . 
  people think the us would be more like canada . 
  not really though . 
  its not like many other colonies took after great britain as much just by not leaving the empire . 
  everything about the uks territories is very weird . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there are driver 's licenses and passports and national insurance cards . 
  it 's not like this would be mandatory . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  also , it would be extremely useful to have some form of identification that you could use online to identify yourself + a usersname + password of some form on government websites . 
  what will happen to ukrainian ships ? 
  yeah , it really depends on if you 're looking for driving safety vs overall safety of a population . 
  for americans , sure they might drive relatively safe , but they do way more driving so it does n't matter . 
  i 'm also willing to bet as we increase bicycle use , safety goes down from that as well . 
  bicycles are one of the most dangerous ways to travel . 
  that is fantastic . 
  there is some precedent . 
  when algeria split from france , it was no longer a part of the european community . 
  i suspect it depends on if scotland honors all of the treaties it is currently bound to as part of the uk . 
  if so , it may be considered to be part of the eu automatically . 
  but it 's not a given and legal scholars are not really sure , clearly . 
  so it will probably be a political question . 
  i suspect the eu would rather not make it hard on scotland , so they will remain a part of the eu . 
  probably a few more countries , but still no norway or switzerland and probably without the uk . 
  might be a bit more integrated but i doubt by much . 
  i actually do n't understand how kids could be this lazy . 
  i really like your optimism . 
  i hope that happens too . 
  i really support the idea of the eu and i think it is the world 's best hope for global peace . 
  on the other hand , if they stay with the uk they are almost guaranteed to leave the eu soon enough . 
  was n't the common enemy socialism , and the civil war wwii ? 
  i think it is rather important to remember that these are comparing countries to continents . 
  one could easily include canada with the us if we were to talk about it that way and the size would dwarf it . 
  there is no denying that the distance between american cities is astonishing , which is usually the point of discussions about size . 
  and even more distance between canadian cities . 
  there is a reason we have a very low rail ridership . 
  if we were to take it a step further , and talk about the schengen area , being a single area without having to pass customs , that is much smaller than the continental us . 
  and both of these areas are much smaller than russia . 
  so idunno . 
  also , i think some british people would have trouble with you including them as a part of `` europe ! '', 
  it 's actually a lot easier than the system in canada where you must obtain a labour market opinion that it will benefit the canadian economy , and the employer has to show that they could n't find a canadian worker for the position . 
  there are a ton of fees and massive paperwork involved . 
  more so than the us i think , actually . 
  also , they have like a seven year backlog or something . 
  not sure how long that is now , though , because they recently made a cut off line and just cancelled a ton of applications that were older than a number of years i think . 
  basically , if you were in line , sorry , because the line got too long . 
  wow , what a stupid map making mistake . 
  [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/usa_national_forests_map.jpg ) is an additional map of all us national forests . 
  the difference between national parks and national forests is that national forests may be used commercially and often for vehicle recreation , etc. 
  they are managed by the forest service to preserve the forests while still using their resources . 
  i could n't find a map of all us state parks , wildlife refuges , wildlife protection areas , etc. 
  while i agree wholeheartedly with you , i should say that , given that people are talking about a federal europe that does n't imply the american example , what are they thinking of ? 
  the us federal government has very little power compared to what people think . 
  our federal government has just about the minimal amount of power required for a country to remain existant . 
  in some areas , i think , the eu probably has more power than the us federal government has over the states . 
  for instance , the eu has the power to establish an anti-discrimination directive . 
  the us federal government , on the other hand , can only enforce such a statute on a us business if they conduct cross-state business . 
  this covers most businesses , though . 
  compared to the us , the eu is mostly just lacking a military and direct taxation capability . 
  the talk about a fiscal union where the eu monitors member budgets is a bit odd to me , because the us federal government does n't have such power over the states . 
  the us mostly controls the states by excluding funds from a state if they do n't do something they want ( for instance the minimum drinking age law excluded states from interstate highway funds ) . 
  it 's a perfect analogy . 
  i had n't even thought of it . 
  articles of confederation specifically failed due to lack of tax power . 
  we are a sharply divided country between south and north or rural/urban so it can sometimes be offensive to group us together . 
  i do n't think i 'd be offended by it personally unless someone was saying `` you americans '' and assumed i held a position that i do not hold . 
  i do n't think they were in the right to blast you over it . 
  i think it 's more likely for someone to think it 's a part of brazil these days or otherwise south american . 
  most americans are unfamiliar with world geography , much less us geography . 
  sorry for the ignorance , but what would you call the canadian model ? 
  it seems that the blue card is far more permissive than the canadian immigration system to me . 
  they believe it is gods plan . 
  belief is a powerful thing . 
  not everyone thinks it 's reasonable and it is a democracy as you say . 
  you wo n't get unanimous support ever for this without it being forced . 
  okay , great , so what do we do about refugees who go to work in germany but are registered in poland ? 
  like , if you were n't tied to your country in any real way , why would n't you want to work in the best country available ? 
  plenty of eastern europeans who are n't tied down quite so much have left . 
  i really think they seem to be a minority of the people coming . 
  there are so many losers in a country of millions . 
  so we 're of course going to get some losers . 
  i honestly do n't know how the quotas will work as the refugees seem intent on certain countries . 
  if they get sent to one place , they 'll just return . 
  and that 's if they even agree to be sent . 
  but being muslim was bad ?
