all of them ? 
  all thousands of them who follow her ? 
  including the highly influential people in government who made her a professor ? 
  if isis taught islamist ideology in public universities in the western world , would you be willing to ignore that too or try to remove these people ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  what about the thousands upon thousands of followers of andrea dworkin or gloria steinem ? 
  so the kids are always just sitting at their desks and learning facts about the religions ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure kids who are n't muslim are told to get on their knees and imitate muslim prayer in swedish schools . 
  teaching religion = / = teaching about religion . 
  so men 's advocates are supremacists , but women 's advocates are for equality . 
  no , i am not dense , you are . 
  a definition they made up themselves . 
  why should n't i claim the same for `` masculism '' ? 
  and why then , those every book about feminist theory outline that feminism is defined by the believe in a gigantic , worldwide conspiracy called patriarchy ( `` reign of the fathers '' ) ? 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i mentioned her in particular . 
  she is a prominent member with thousands of followers , all of whom subscribe to her belief . 
  she is also a representative of not everyday-feminists , but the academic elite of this ideology . 
  i could have also mentioned andrea dworkin or valerie solanas . 
  the difference here is that the government started the initiative . 
  why should it not do the same again , but this time for an organization that presents an alternative view ? 
  there is a difference between teaching religion and teaching * about * religion . 
  in germany , we have sozialkunde ( `` social studies '' ) , where we learn * about * sociology and all its aspects , including religion . 
  we have , however , also the subject `` religionslehre '' , where catholic , protestant and other students go to separate classes and receive religious education . 
  according to the feminist philosopher and professor judith butler men are inferior beings that must be killed off until they make up a much smaller fraction of the population . 
  is that not a form of sexist discrimination ? 
  sweden has lessons in islamic religion in schools though . 
  for non-muslim kids too . 
  no , actually feminists and sexists are two heavily overlapping groups . 
  sexism against men is sexism too . 
  my point is that we should let students be individuals . 
  treating students like they are broken because they have the wrong genitalia is wrong . 
  so is indoctrinating them with literature that tells them they are beings of lower worth . 
  so why do n't why invite masculinists , who are advocacy of men 's rights on the ground of the equality of the sexes , to spread their literature in schools ? 
  and enlighten students about the matriarchy and the gender workplace death gap ? 
  so everyone who is not a feminist is a sexist ? 
  what about people like christina hoff summers who identify as feminists , but concede that boys have their own issues ? 
  why not read one of their works to balance it out ? 
  boys who are constantly told that they are defective girls do not become emotionally healthy individuals . 
  how about giving them a book which presents an alternative opinion , too ? 
  seems like a case of regulatory capture . 
  til competition and recreation are apparently mutually exclusive . 
  i have an even better idea . 
  why do n't we take away the ball , so no child 's feelings are ever hurt by the other team scoring ? 
  and instead of tacklings and dribblings , we 'll tell the kids to hug and talk about their gender identity . 
  you know , just in case the current solution is wimpy enough for their fragile minds . 
  huh . 
  what ? 
  landlords have to replace washing machines in switzerland ? 
  that 's fucking crazy . 
  i do n't like this . 
  in a truly free country , we must allow all things that do not acutally harm us , even those that we most profoundly disagree with . 
  instead of banning minarettes or burqas , we should more strictly enforce deportations of actual , violent immigrants . 
  furthermore , imagine if someone like donald trump demanded such a law in the us . 
  most of reddit would collectively lose its shit about how evil and racist he is . 
  clothes ? 
  household items like washing machines ? 
  sure , you do n't buy these things every month , but they also cost a lot when you buy them ( let 's say 500 $ for a washing machine ) , so it definitely should be noted in a good budget . 
  i try to save at least 250 $ every month for purchases that can not be postponed , like a washing machine or a new suit , if the old one breaks . 
  were they really pre-selected ? 
  based on what ? 
  i never read about that anywhere . 
  lol , i fucking knew it . 
  we 're not doing anything about the funding terrorists receive from people in the west or saudi arabia or qatar . 
  we 're not going to mess with their oil supply either , but we sure as hell are going to use terrorism as a reason to ban that evil cryptocurrency challenging our money monopoly . 
  fuck the government . 
  fuck it straight to hell . 
  ironically , coal does much more damage to the environment than nuclear power and is * more * dangerous . 
  the greens are the worst choice for someone who genuinely cares about the environment . 
  also the reason why i ca n't support the afd or fn . 
  they are essentially just as pro-big government as the leftist parties . 
  no , they said they wanted to end subsidies and corporate welfare , but then went on to the opposite when the reigned with cdu/csu . 
  what they never really pushed forward , on the other hand , are the ideas that would 've been actually good like drug decriminalization or the b\u00fcrgergeld . 
  disappointing as fuck . 
  funnily enough , afd was originally fiscally conservative and economically liberal ( european sense of the word ) . 
  now the precious sozialstaat is their # 1 reason why immigration must come to a halt . 
  they differ strongly from what bernd lucke originally wanted . 
  because people who are currently jumping towards afd and csu generally want tougher rules on immigration and asylum , while die linke is even more pro-immigration and pro-asylum than cdu and spd . 
  the only one of these parties that represents my views has proven time and time again that they only do so superficially , do not actually act upon their promises and are merely an interest group for corporations . 
  big companies will always be around and they certainly come with benefits . 
  my point is that they should not be allowed to artificially eliminate their competition through regulatory capture and such . 
  their market share must come from providing the better product at the cheaper price . 
  innovation is just a way to create new , better and cheaper products . 
  true , but the size of a big ( ger ) company should always be the result of them outperforming their competitors regarding quality and price of the product . 
  it must not come through cronyist intervention by the government . 
  of course there is always going to be larger companies , even global giants . 
  stuff like cars , computers or oil will always be industries with a handful of big players instead of many smaller ones . 
  what matters , though , is that even those should not hold too much power over the government . 
  all their lobbying activities should be transparent to the populace . 
  this is currently not the case and the result is widespread corruption and cronyism . 
  more importantly , the government which is not subject to competition at all , since it can violently force people to buy/not buy/pay certain stuff should only ever be allowed to do so , if the private sector is not an option * at all * . 
  the police and justice system , for example . 
  moreover , the government must not be allowed to grant monopolies or artificial oligopolies to corporations . 
  no company should hold its market share , because they bribed the government to create and enforce it . 
  in what way ? 
  that the german government is inefficient as hell and generally does huge damage to the economy ? 
  well , yes . 
  that 's what i wholeheartedly believe . 
  question is , will the shift be towards the right direction ? 
  the system is flawed , corrupt politicians are ever so often replaced by equally corrupt politicians and thus , nothing changes for the better .
