  in my opinion , no . 
  a market full of small , freely competing businesses is what makes a country rich . 
  not corporate giants lobbying for regulation that favors them and hurts everybody else , not inefficient government administrations operating with no competition at all , but small business . 
  the populace would have to be somewhat smart for that . 
  lol . 
  stop giving money or weapons to * anyone * . 
  the fsa and other , `` moderate '' rebels are surrendering them to isis anyway . 
  stop buying middle eastern oil to become economically independent from the region . 
  will require allowing nuclear power and hydraulic fracturing . 
  allow legal immigration of people from the region who have good education , are willing to work , speak english or are absolutely willing to learn it quickly and who have undergone a background check . 
  other than that , stop illegal immigration altogether . 
  let syria deal with itself . 
  if russia or iran want to get involved , let them . 
  it 's not our war . 
  screw their promises . 
  cut all funding to anyone in the region . 
  and while we 're at it , let 's stop buying their oil . 
  yes , this time everything will go smoothly , because the government is absolutely not made uo off corrupt fuckwits . 
  the wars in iraq and afghanistan cost the u.s. ** trillions ** of dollars . 
  there is no way we can afford an occupation like that . 
  the terrorists were going around executing people that were lying on the floor . 
  they reloaded several times . 
  this massacre would not have gone down like that if there had been at least a few armed citizens . 
  10-20 people with handguns would have been able to stop two guys with an ak-47 , yes . 
  fuck this shit . 
  i did n't come back here for censorship . 
  in fact , the us should do same thing all over the world . 
  cut foreign aid and send all troops home . 
  make your own country a fortress . 
  the world has proven time and time again that they are ungrateful for american military and financial aid . 
  time to cut them off . 
  huh . 
  that 's not exactly the kind of narrative the german media displays . 
  do they really ? 
  i might be getting a wrong picture from the leftist media here in germany , but europe as a whole seems to be extremly anti-us at the moment to the point where they glorify putin like the messiah . 
  and even id they do want the protection ... they 're not even bothering to up their military spending . 
  what the fuck , why was that removed ? 
  what was wrong with the post ? 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  the state should be god and deny its citizens the right to do business at will . 
  glourious leader received great gift from car company a. 
  well , bad fucking luck for you , car company b. 
  you just got put out of business . 
  yeah , more state-owned companies . 
  all proftis must go to the glourious hero that is the politicians !, 
  no competition or we 'll kill you !, 
  which is exactly why the us should withdraw all troops from europe . 
  why do n't deserve their protection , in fact , the population does n't even want it . 
  let them see where that gets us . 
  lol . 
  even the shape of bananas is regulated in the eu . 
  we are as statist as you can possibly be . 
  good rebuttal . 
  but perhaps you want to elaborate a bit more . 
  you 're trolling , right ? 
   neoliberalism you do n't know what that word means , do you ? 
  i say we pay him the money . 
  by catapulting it in his face . 
  in form of a big bag filled with 1 ct. coins . 
  well , yeah . 
  obama does not have the power to singlehandedly cripple europe 's economy for decades . 
  merkel does . 
   `` i , as an ethnic minority woman , can not be racist or sexist towards white men , because racism and sexism describe structures of privilege based on race and gender , '' the western world in 2015 , ladies and gentleman . 
  we might as well just lay down in the grass and wait for the sun to explode . 
  it 's over . 
  we had a good run . 
  sigh . 
  even when they supposedly * de * criminalize something , they find a way to bring about more government influence . 
  drug injection rooms ? 
  paid for by the taxpayer ? 
  seriously ? 
  just legalize all those drugs entirely , let actual companies produce clean , high-quality drugs and be done with it . 
  do n't dictate what people can consume and what not and do n't force people to pay for other 's consumptions . 
  you did n't answer his question . 
  what am i seeing here ? 
   ** that 's what companies are for . 
  generating profit . 
  they ca n't overstep the law in the process , [ ... ] ** is what i said . 
   because when they 're not , people get fucking killed . 
  people get killed by cars . 
  still does n't make car companies responsible for what the third owner of a car does with it . 
   producers should care how they are used because they are profiting that 's what companies are for . 
  generating profit . 
  they ca n't overstep the law in the process , but they certainly do n't have to adhere to your morals . 
  not at all . 
   the fault of a murder may entirely be upon a legally capable adult , but how the weapon got to that individual 's use , rests on the provider of such a weapon , with which said murder was committed . 
  again , you 're repeating that over and over again , but not explaining * why * . 
  * why * is a weapon 's manufacturer responsible for its second , third , fourth hand use ? 
  nuclear waste and most dangerous chemicals are byproducts of industrial processes that benefit people , and are not made to `` intentionally harm people '' . 
  you have still not presented a good argument for why they producers of weapons should care about how they are used after they 've sold them . 
  the are selling their product to legally capable adults . 
  how is the fault of a killing not fully in the hands of the person who intentionally brought it about by pointing a loaded gun at someone and pulling the trigger ? 
  how much of the blame is to be directed to the people who have built and/or sold the gun ? 
  ruanda in 1990ern . 
  source ? 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopard_2#operators ) , greece operates 183 leopard 2 a4 and 170 a6 hel . 
  the us trained and supplied the fsa . 
  the fact that these guys surrendered so much of the goods to isis is n't their . 
  you could argue that the pentagon was stupid for not foreseeing this , which is something i believe is true . 
  but arguing that the us intentionally did it ?
