  they can do at already and they would most likely lose . 
  did you mean `` optimistic '' or `` in favor of '' ? 
  like , are you trying to say that you find ttip good are that you think it will probably pass ? 
  what leads to mass shootings are mental illness and the media giving them what they want , which is fame . 
  it 's very much a difference , if i tell someone `` i 'm going to kill you know '' or `` ugh i wish you were dead '' . 
  one of them displays an intention , the other one merely a stupid opinion . 
  it used to be possible for the populace to keep up with technological advancement and the higher standard of living resulting from it , without needing double income . 
  if this development continues , how are we supposed to pay for even better cars , phones and houses ? 
  well no fucking shit , watson . 
  nobody here is trying to say that the word `` diversity '' suddenly means the opposite of what it used to , but that the word is being rendered meaningless as it is constantly used incorrectly by a whole bunch of people like this woman . 
  this is not a single person , but a whole bunch of people who thnik and talk like her . 
  when an entire political group of thousands of members demand these things in the name of `` diversity '' , we 'll have to start questioning if they mean by that what we think they do . 
  hate speech laws , like any other restrictions to free speech can easily be abused . 
  any oppressive government could identify criticism as hate speech and have it banned . 
  what this woman said , realistically poses no immidiate danger . 
  i believe anything is fair go that does n't directly incite violence . 
  saying `` kill all [ x ] '' on twitter should be legal , in my opinion , shouting `` kill this man ! '', 
  when you 're leading an armed mob should not . 
  as a staunch proponent of free speech , i think she should not be punished for this . 
  as a sane person , i have absolutely no idea how this woman is still a `` diversity officer '' at her university . 
  literally what the fucking is going on in our educational systems ? 
  yeah , except that she is literally a `` diversity officer '' in her university . 
   i see the difference between 2009 and today everywhere around me . 
  my boss and my wife 's boss are afraid to see us go for a better job . 
  in 2009 we were afraid of losing our jobs . 
  all my friends are in the same situation . 
  that 's because 2009 was the absolute worst point in this recession . 
  it makes much more sense to compare 2015 to any year before the crisis , like 2005 . 
  notice how the unemployment numbers etc. 
  are hardly better now than they were before the recession ? 
  keep in mind that the numbers in 2005 were n't prepped up by incredibly low interest rates . 
  plus , let 's not forget that you americans once had the strongest economy in the world by far . 
  it used to be that a family of a stay-at-home mom and 2 + kids would live in a suburban house with two cars , all paid for by the father 's income . 
  how many families can afford that now ? 
   at the same point in time , we are doing much better and more sustainably than all of our other developed counterparts . 
  just no . 
  yes , europe is doing terrible , but the us really is n't doing well either . 
  nominal economic growth means nothing nowadays . 
  real wages are stagnating , the labor force participation rate is decreasing and we still do n't know if this growth would even exist without the fed keeping the interest rates so incredibly low . 
  hold on . 
  this article shows that there is a link between the recession and suicides , but not between the austerity measures and the suicides . 
   labor participation rate does not matter . 
  it most certainly does . 
  if it did n't , germany 's low birth rates would be a total non-issue . 
  elderly , sick people and children have to be paid for just like unemployed people . 
  if the ratio of taxpayers to the total population falls apart , it 's a catastrophe . 
   did you know the deficit in the us could perfectly become a surplus in 2016 or 2017 ? 
  i will literally buy you reddit gold if that happens . 
  i swear . 
   which clearly only the us benefits unfounded accusation . 
  where do you get that information from ? 
   what is your issue with ttip ? 
  free trade deals are good for everybody , so what 's with the opposition to ttip ? 
  it 's not actually a free-trade deal . 
  the media is calling it one , so that people will associate something they already hate ( ttip ) with something the elites want us to hate : free trade . 
  if it were a ** free ** - trade agreement , it would n't impose countless tariffs , regulations , restrictions etc. 
  realistically , no . 
  but maybe those who do behave like shit should not be granted asylum . 
  thanks !, 
  will the final version of the deal be published before being passed , though ? 
  if not , than this is not of much use . 
   these individual corporations are isolated and manipulate a powerbase that pales in comparison to the eu . 
  the us however matches the eu and that is why it is actually a threat . 
  * all * corporations manipulate * all * governments of countries they want to do business in , no matter where they come from . 
  if the eu is strong enough to withstand manipulation from non-american corporations , it is strong enough to withstand that of american ones . 
  if it is n't , we 're already fucked . 
  if the eu is too weak to withstand the power of the us * government * , we 're also already fucked , since we already employ diplomatic relationships and trade with them . 
   corporations are always in favour of less regulation and they are the ones writing this deal . 
  they will be the ones pushing it through parliament as well . 
  not true at all . 
  corporations are very much in favor of regulations that favor them or hurt their competitors . 
  it 's called [ regulatory capture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulatory_capture ) . 
   they 're pretty shit , yes . 
  compared to the eu then corporations in the us basically have gung ho capitalism . 
  unsourced claim . 
  not convincing . 
  what does it say , then ? 
  there seem to be no clear boundaries . 
   but not individually , which is the point . 
  no , not at all . 
  if the numerous big companies from these countries have n't taken over , why would a smaller amount of companies be able to do so ? 
  yes , the us is home to many big corporations . 
  the rest of the world is home to even more . 
  i do n't get what makes american ones so special . 
   it also has significant upsides when the people who wants you to give up your sovereignty are about as democratic as the romans were . 
  i 'm not going to try and defend american democracy here , because i think it 's fucking broken . 
  i also think europe 's democracies are broken . 
  and those from third world countries still dwarf the amount of corruption we endure . 
  so ... again it seems like an agreement with the us will be * less * of a problem , not a bigger one . 
   and you think giving up your liberty is worth it if we can get a shitty standard on environmental or health issues as long as it is universal ? 
  no , i do n't think that at all . 
  but where do you get the information that europe will adopt american environmental and health standards ? 
  from what i understand , these regulations are pretty much excluded from the agreement and so far . 
  moreover , are american standards even really that shitty ? 
  the only examples i 've heard so far are `` chloride chickens '' and similar bullcrap . 
   you are foolish if you think you can control the us . 
  then we should try to get an agreement , where government influence is as low as possible , no ? 
  to stop the us government from interfering . 
  and when it comes to american companies ... well those will not enjoy any rights that we have n't given to those from other countries . 
  iirc , the eu has over a hundred of such agreements with countries .
