  you have no prove whatsoever for that claim . 
  this still assumes that the seller of a weapon is to blame for what its buyer does with it . 
  i do n't agree with that sentiment in the slightest . 
  just like i do n't think it 's mercedes ' fault , if someone runs a person over intetionally with one of their cars . 
  the fault lies 100 % with the criminal who committed the act . 
  does this logic extent to manufacturers of other goods that can harm people ? 
  knives ? 
  cars ? 
  gun manufacturers already do n't sell guns to , let 's say isis . 
  if the guns end up in isis ' hands , after they 've sold them to a government , which has given them to another government , which has given them to a milita , which has surrendered them to isis ... how the fuck is it is the maunfacturer 's or his government 's fault ? 
  it 's impossible to control the flow of goods after you 've sold them so accurately . 
  the american weapons were originally delivered to either the iraqi army or the fsa . 
  stupid move , yes , but it 's not like the intentionally armed isis . 
  greenpeace is pure evil . 
  in 2005 , greenpeace claimed to examine fruit and vegetables from several discount retailers . 
  the german discounter lidl ranked very badly , as their products were allegedly ridden with very harmful pesticides . 
  shortly after , however , lidl 's ranking was updated and they ranked highly despite not having made any changes in their products . 
  however , they had begun selling the greenpeace magazine in their stores , although it sold hardly at all and was a loss to them . 
  greenpeace made this entire ranking up in order to pressure some stores into selling their shit magazine . 
  they are corrupt as fuck . 
  okay , so first of all : germany has not delivered arms to any of the countries currently involved in any conflict that have created the refugee crisis . 
  second of all , where does this idea come from that ones to blame for wars are n't the people actually fighting it , but the manufacturers/sellers of arms ? 
  it 's not their responsibility to foresee who is going to use their products for what . 
  it 's the fault of those who use weapons to fucking attack others . 
  how would an nit make rich people richer ? 
  it implements a de facto-universal basic income . 
   as in small army ? 
  eh , the military should be big enough to protect the country sufficiently . 
  that 's very doable , though , as long as a country does n't waste money and ressources on getting involved in foreign coflicts . 
  non-interventionsim is key . 
   as in low taxes ? 
  of course . 
  i 'd advocate a moderately progressive , negative income tax . 
   as in legal weed/prostitution ? 
  absolutely . 
  victimless crimes are n't even crimes to begin with . 
  do n't something like 99 % of all inhabitants of the falklands prefer being part of the uk over argentina ? 
  so this guy literally wants to kick out people from his own country , who do n't want that . 
  i do n't care . 
  i openly describe myself as `` libert\u00e4r '' when asked about my political stance and tell people to look it up , if they do n't know what it means . 
  `` liberal '' just means `` fdp '' to them , because they are uneducated . 
  what 's yout stance on the negative income tax ? 
  `` liberal '' was once a word used for us small-government advocates . 
  tragic how the left misuses terms until their meaning is changed . 
  in pretty much every way . 
  poland should put up statues of witold pilecki . 
   i dont know how he became the leader of labour . 
  crazy people elect crazy people . 
  explain . 
  genuinely curious to what that means . 
  is it just that you celebrate christmas and easter ? 
  some of it . 
  especially the big , organized churches . 
  but certainly not all of it . 
  that 's not a logical conclusion , though , is it ? 
  al of estonia could be atheist except for you personally . 
  i explicitly said that i do n't consider sharia law a solution to these problems , did n't i ? 
  it 'd makes things worse , if anything . 
  i was raised a catholic christian , am now an atheist . 
  i respect all religious beliefs , as long as they are not forced on me . 
  * paternity tests illegal or only possible with the mother 's consent , in france and germany for example . 
  * child support is paid to the parent with custody , which is almost always the mother . 
  there is no obligation to actually use the money on the child . 
  fathers ( mostly ) who ca n't pay will often go to jail . 
  * in the us , courts have forced men to pay child support to kids that were n't even theirs . 
  * in some countries , common law marriage forces people into what is essentially marriage , just because they live together with someone else , even if they do not want the government to be involved . 
  * courts are biased against men/fathers , which is why they lose out almost always regarding child support , custody and alimony . 
  that sounds right , but really is n't all too comforting . 
  western family laws are horrid , but i 'm pretty sure sharia family law is n't the solution to that at all . 
  where do you get this information from ? 
  it seems as though the question askes about law in general , not family law . 
  what if one religion has more zealots than the other ? 
  if saudi arabia 's sovereignty is rendered meaningless , what stops this `` international organ '' from doing the same again , to a different country ? 
  maybe this time for lesser or even malevolent reasons ? 
  literally for what reason ? 
  there are many things i definitely * need * too . 
  should all of that be free ? 
  well , they hold * eveyone 's * money in their vaults . 
  it 's an amoral system , but in my opinion , not immoral . 
  i do n't expect banks to adhere to ethics when it comes to accepting clients . 
  it 's just not feasible . 
  i believe in small government . 
  sometimes , i wonder why this world is so shit . 
  then i go on reddit and remember that people like you vote . 
  assuming donald trump can be considered an opponent of you in this argument , it most certainly is one . 
  you implied that an argument is invalid , if it comes from trump . 
  no matter what you dislike about trump , he can still make a valid argument that you have to dismantle in order to convince me . 
  why ? 
  the argument is bad because trump ? 
  if trump is that bad , it should be easy for you to actually dismantle the argument and not resort to an ad hominem , right ? 
  would n't that be the super bowl ? 
  well , i 'm a staunch non-interventionist , so can guess how i feel about the us ' wars in the middle east . 
  i do n't get how this translates into hatred for the american people , though . 
  i do n't even hate the people of north korea and their government is arguably the closest thing to the third reich right now . 
  americans are literally the only people that [ many ] leftists think it 's totally okay to hate . 
  that 's retarded . 
  so does much of the german right-wing !, 
  it 's literally the one big thing uniting them . 
  tank vs. tank battles are only one of many tasks mbts have in combat . 
  yes .
