  i do n't think it 's accurate . 
  if one goes so relative / big picture one could say norwegians and swedes are the same . 
  basically viking types really . 
  and if you start that waz soon you are going `` are n't we all humans really ? '' . 
  that 's the path to anarchy !, 
  so he was a salzburger . 
  and salzburg is austria . 
  yes , not part of the state then , but that does n't count . 
  end of discussion !, 
  start treatise your workers fairly , if you want to.something good amazon . 
  yes . 
  the entire esa budget is less than 1/3 of the amount . 
  and that 's all of europe paying together . 
  it 's sad . 
  the one who likes being called tayyip ? 
  ohh ... 
  it 's funny cause it 's true !, 
  can you explain the 3rd joke ? 
  i am not getting it . . * blush *, 
  similar view here : europes countries are more or less in the same boat and will have to face the same issues . 
  being able to compete economically and being strong enough to defend our interest vis a vis the us , china and russia is what we need cooperation for . 
  yes , but at leastl it will be other peoples fault . 
  what are the onions for ? 
  so merkel is stalin ? 
  o.o from archipelog gulag ( bit long , but good ) :  at the conclusion of the conference , a tribute to comrade stalin was called for . 
  of course , everyone stood up ( just as everyone had leaped to his feet during the conference at every mention of his name ) . 
  ... for three minutes , four minutes , five minutes , the stormy applause , rising to an ovation , continued . 
  but palms were getting sore and raised arms were already aching . 
  and the older people were panting from exhaustion . 
  it was becoming insufferably silly even to those who really adored stalin . 
   however , who would dare to be the first to stop ? 
  ... after all , nkvd men were standing in the hall applauding and watching to see who would quit first !, 
  and in the obscure , small hall , unknown to the leader , the applause went on -- six , seven , eight minutes !, 
  they were done for !, 
  their goose was cooked !, 
  they could n't stop now till they collapsed with heart attacks !, 
  at the rear of the hall , which was crowded , they could of course cheat a bit , clap less frequently , less vigorously , not so eagerly -- but up there with the presidium where everyone could see them ? 
   the director of the local paper factory , an independent and strong-minded man , stood with the presidium . 
  aware of all the falsity and all the impossibility of the situation , he still kept on applauding !, 
  nine minutes !, 
  ten !, 
  in anguish he watched the secretary of the district party committee , but the latter dared not stop . 
  to the last man !, 
  with make-believe enthusiasm on their faces , looking at each other with faint hope , the district leaders were just going to go on and on applauding till they fell where they stood , till they were carried out of the hall on stretchers !, 
  and even then those who were left would not falter ...  then , after eleven minutes , the director of the paper factory assumed a businesslike expression and sat down in his seat . 
  and , oh , a miracle took place !, 
  where had the universal , uninhibited , indescribable enthusiasm gone ? 
  to a man , everyone else stopped dead and sat down . 
  they had been saved !, 
   the squirrel had been smart enough to jump off his revolving wheel . 
  that , however , was how they discovered who the independent people were . 
  and that was how they went about eliminating them . 
  that same night the factory director was arrested . 
  they easily pasted ten years on him on the pretext of something quite different . 
  but after he had signed form 206 , the final document of the interrogation , his interrogator reminded him :  `` do n't ever be the first to stop applauding . '', 
  not in austria . 
  they were opposed to iter funding . 
  the last bit sounds like a joke but its true . 
  the meeting hall will be renovated soon , with the goal of keeping the 50ies interior . 
  the classic one or the 1950 one ? 
   also if the us left nato it would dissolve and the eu would undertake the military pact role as well thus becoming a bit more integrated and more independent from the us . 
  this would be a good thing for both sides . 
  a strong europe is a better partner for the us than a bunch of poodle nations that tag along for another ` coalition of the willing ' . 
  or europe could hold it 's own . 
  the main problem seems to be lack of self-confidence . 
  the replies in here are a good example . 
  you heard about schengen ? 
  no , i do n't recognize that entity !, 
  ** funfact : ** danube ist the river that flows through the most countries ( 10 ) worldwide, 
  putin already has . 
  ewww . 
  that put me off giving head for good ... 
  yes , but that only works if you assume everyone is sensible . 
  people say the most outrageous things seriously . 
  your ` it was a civil war ' is n't crazy enough to be unequivocally satire . 
  meh , they do look protecting . 
  and that 's what they should n't be for . 
  being sexy is secondary . 
  nice article . 
  it 's g\u00fcssing not guessing though . 
  good idea , but i worry about the execution . 
  the current government knew what was going on , doubtful that can be trusted with strict new rules . 
  awwwformative , 
  this . 
  it 's much less fun if fake . 
  that , thanks . 
  the idea behind european integration for me is not to do away with nation states but to pool resources so we stayed actors that can shape our future . 
  it 's pretty obvious as austrian that we are too small to influence things on our own . 
  the thing is for most issues countries like germany and the uk aee too small as well , but it 's a bit less obvious . 
  i used it for a while and in the end it 's too much hassle . 
  too many sites do n't work properly without whitelisting something . 
  ghostery & better privacy is decent alternative in regards to privacy . 
  can you name a few then ? 
  but is it a dutch or a german layout keyboard ?? 
  shame this thread does n't get more attention . 
  some nice scenes , thanks !, 
  in that order . 
  but i wonder if it has to b something so abstract ? 
  what is the current logo ? 
  you should n't get downvoted for this .
