  ( relative to others ), 
   i think the reason behind falling birth rates are mainly due to egoism . 
  people are so full of themselves that they ca n't make any sacrifices whatsoever . 
  they think having a career or going to the club is somehow more fulfilling and meaningful than raising a child . 
  i think you 're the egoistic one with your view that others should care more about raising children than enjoying themselves . 
  seriously who are they hurting ? 
  the potential child does n't exists nor care . 
  or just conquer some shit so you 're the richest no matter what . 
  still better than sitting at home . 
  at least a little job experience and money vs nothing . 
  are you stupid ? 
  i 'm not supporting communism but freedom of expression . 
  i do still say `` goodbye freedom '' to that , yes . 
  goodbye freedom, 
  when i was a kid some of my friends used to change somali children our age around and yell stuff at them etc. 
  also overheard lots of casual racism etc through my life which i guess is standard . 
  the one stand out moment of racism that has stuck in my mind was when in secondary school class my friend turned to me , pointed at a gypsy classmate of ours and just went on a quiet tirade about how she should be put down because [ insert gypsy stereotypes here ] . 
  she was just a quiet nerd as far as i could tell . 
  i was n't talking about no go zones , but sharia patrols , which you can find even on youtube . 
  uk has had sharia patrols for years, 
  nice chain . 
  somehow i think / r/europe is decent at not blaming german posters for genocides , but when it comes to turks . . always the same shit, 
  it 's `` only '' sexual harrasment that has gone up 820 % , not all crimes , and not rapes . 
  also the actual numbers went from 5 to 46 . 
  considering it should 've already become one , of course it 's possible that it 'll become a regional power . 
  what i took issue with was your suggestion that it will surpass russia in importance , which is ridiculous . 
  the only thing nigeria has going for it is a large population and some natural wealth , which mostly goes to the pockets of the elite . 
  sharia law ( muslim half + current president ) , corruption , incompetent leaders , tribalism ( should never have been 1 country ) etc. 
  there 's no hope for nigeria as it is . 
  if biafra had gotten independence and the rest of nigeria had split in two as well then maybe we 'd have 2 stable countries ( no hope for the north , i 'm afraid ) in the region . 
   maybe even indonesia and nigeria lmfao . 
  nigeria is rising nowhere , it 's still full of corruption and tribalism . 
  i 'm not him but i 'm guessing he might not want eastern europeans driving down british wages , taking jobs brits could 've done etc. 
  the polish economy wo n't crumble over this happening once in a blue moon, 
  the regressive brain at work, 
  there are also well known sayings in america like `` it 's better to die on your feet than live on your knees '' which have the same sentiment . 
  you can have whatever concept you want , and call it whatever you want , but having a different concept with the same name does n't make your bullshit the same thing . 
   sure . 
  however so no, 
  pimple in finnish is `` finni '', 
   or take the government backed student loan which you should take as it 's free money if you are n't tardy in your studies . 
  bad immigration policy caused europe 's problems with immigration . 
  immigration has been a problem for decades before this current crisis . 
  this is just the stereotypical european elitism . 
  usa has plenty of history & values . 
  just because many are rooted into some other countries does n't mean they are n't in their modern american form american values . 
  i do n't mean to shock you , but people are capable of speaking multiple languages . 
  an estonian being able to speak english does not mean that he 's bad at estonian . 
  more often borrowed from germans instead of swedes like us , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  maybe even danes ? 
  finnish unfortunately has a shitload of germanic words mostly from swedish . 
  i 'm studying swedish and honestly it 's disgusting . 
  no offense . 
  coming from a low income area i know too many people who genuinely think like that , so for me detecting that sarcasm would 've been almost impossible . 
  how would that for example prevent an aggressive group forming quickly in an area without one of these local groups , quickly causing whatever damage they wanted , and then dispersing quickly ? 
   the main point is to prevent aggressive groups of migrants from forming and going around . 
  how do they do that ? 
  there was an incident in stockholm like a month ago where a group just went and beat people who looked muslim/arab/etc . 
  as far as i know soldiers of odin have n't assaulted anybody so as long as they do n't do that i do n't really care . 
  edit : europe could use more open demonstrations of any ( peaceful ) kind against immigration . 
  if it 's anything like finland the only thing they 'll find is dog shit, 
  `` you ca n't afford children without lowering your own standard of living '' is closer to truth imo . 
  i think it 's more often the case that their children did n't have many children . 
  many of the sheepdogs are racists . 
  nothing will be fixed unless some massive deportations take place . 
  i 'd rather merkel does it than some far right government in the future . 
   i do n't think there really is a posh accent in finnish . 
  i 'd say if somebody speaks with kirjakieli ( idk what it is in english ) they sound very posh and pretentious . 
  from what i 've gathered from talking to northerners i think they might think helsinkians sound pretentious if not posh as well, 
  neo-nazis and racists always want to join movements like these . 
  does n't mean that everyone there or even that the core values are racist . 
  there 's absolutely nothing racist in thinking that islamic culture is much worse than western culture , and thinking that the islamization of europe is bad . 
  but if you do n't vote for the homosexual man who you just heard about it means you 're homophobic !, 
  rip finnish civilization, 
  is this news in sweden or is it just now ok to finally say it ? 
  [ finnish guy who confronts beggars ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrae33tesyq ), 
  lol, 
  can a muslim assimilate without leaving islam ? 
  personally i do n't think so . 
  italians , spaniards & french people are n't exactly known for being fluent in the english language . 
  they can care all they want , but this is still none of their business . 
  they have no say whatsoever . 
   also , why the hell would you choose to spend your summer in finland ? 
   finnish summers are great . 
  except when it gets too hot sometimes . 
  if you think reddt represents the general consensus of any nation then you 're very mistaken . 
  i do n't think finns associate enough with other people to cause any harm on a mass scale . 
  . . what ? 
  that 's the top comment in / r/atheism that the guy you 're responding to is quoting . 
  it 's not a remote town in finnish standards . 
  also it 's kind of extra relevant since it 's right next to the border with sweden . 
  i 'd say the same about americans , and just people in general . 
   here 's one ; if you do n't take them , they 'll just come . 
  then deport them . 
  it 's not legal ? 
  then change the laws . 
  i do n't see any reason why europe should take middle eastern or african migrants unless they come with a lined up job or for a european spouse or something . 
  why not economically help the surrounding countries that are culturally and otherwise very similar take the immigrants ? 
  i 'm half black & half white and when i was little a lot of people who i 'd met at the playground thought i was mediterranean . 
  was fine until some guy invited me to go bully somalis for being black .
