the youtube comments . . oh god the youtube comments, 
  more like the french empire 's army . 
  you do realize that the only war germany & finland fought together in was one of finnish & german aggression not soviet ? 
  winter war was started by soviets but germany did n't fight there . 
  the continuation war was not started by soviets . 
  germany only used finland for their own interests . 
  shits even came up with the term ` finlandization ' and burnt down lapland . 
  norwegian sounds like how i imagine danish would if it was intelligible . 
  them being actually accepted as americans among other things imo, 
  i think the man himself being willing to see he had a problem and sexual interest in children being in the sense accepted that simply openly talking about it with a therapist or something was accepted in society . 
  i 'm not sure how it is in norway but i think that 's about the only realistic thing . 
  in case it 's not clear i 'm not in favor of paedophilia . 
  just hope we could accept that it 's clear a portion of people are just born that way and it 'd be better to help them prevent themselves from committing these acts than shunning them completely . 
  do people really like cheese so much ? 
  i do n't see a difference . 
  stabbing someone is a piece of shit move . 
   why do blacks feel like they 're entitled to live wherever they want ? 
  i 'm 31 minutes in this documentary and the only black person so far is the host who has shown no indication of ever wanting to live in russia . 
   i think russia should reserve the right to stay majority-russian , just like israel reserves and defends its right to be majority-jewish . 
  sure . . ? 
  according to wikipedia russia is 81 % russian . 
  change immigration laws , do n't kidnap and stab immigrants with work permits . 
  [ i think this is what you 're talking about ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b90rhpeep8c ), 
  i do n't think these circumstances were anywhere near warranting shooting so i do n't really get why you even bring that up . 
  i think the tear gas was a good call though . 
  implying all foreign migrants are in favor of further migration, 
  it 's clearly a curse word . . 
  but finlandssvenskar have money, 
  the people who seriously claim this do n't see a difference, 
  it 's just a meat stew . 
  it 's the most overrated thing ever and almost every time a sane finn says this they 're called a self hating finn . 
  i 'm not even saying its bad but its nothing special . 
  they took finland from being a crappy buffer region of sweden into an autonomous & culturally independent region of the russian empire . 
  how much does it bother you to have to pay taxes at the moment ? 
  it 's really nothing new . 
  . . immigrants ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ likefrompoland also note the difference between just speaking english and speaking it fluently, 
  yes , but you * should * speak german, 
  it 's a masculine thing . 
  you would n't understand . 
  perussuomalaiset also have neo-nazis in party and especially voters but it does n't make them neo-nazi . 
  vote sd or you 're going to have something more radical down the line . 
  if there were more non neo-nazi voters of sd they 'd cater less to neo-nazis imo . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i think sweden does a lot of ridiculous things but boosting security in this case seems reasonable to me . 
  why is it bad ? 
  if i were swedish i 'd be upset with the levels of immigration not about immigrants having high level of security . 
  more than neighboring countries ? 
  and lets not act like left wing extremism is n't a thing in europe . 
  because she 's not allowed to leave ? 
  you 're part of hispania and afaik spain comes from the word hispania so in a sense, 
  define ` western europe ', 
  my bad on the numbers then . 
  also i looked it up and it was actually in modern day tanzania . 
  the message i got was that you brits should at least fuck off with the cowardice france jokes . 
  iirc portugal did get some port in what is modern madagascar and only had like ~ 10 000 men participate in ww1 . 
   in the immigration thread, 
  i guess finnic people make obedient servants, 
  trump is genuinely popular though . 
  too many republicans are against him to be a viable candidate long rung but for now he 's leading the polls so who else are they supposed to cover ? 
  the other big republican candidates are losing support to people who have no chance and once they drop out trump is going to fall . 
  that 's what i 've gathered . 
  not saying i 'm an expert or even knowdledgeable, 
  i think finland 's relatively unique in this regard but i guess sweden got some things to stick here . 
  i see how that 'd make you culturally connected to it, 
  how does one get a grenade in finland ? 
  i 'm not sure if worshiping state officials is any better . 
  glorious european colonies, 
  they put their flags on their christmas tree so yeah, 
  how about telling what 's wrong with the particular link since it 's so clearly wrong ? 
   we do n't have any wars going on are you kidding ? 
  usa is nowhere near the most peaceful countries in that map anyway so what the fuck are you shifting the blame on mexico ? 
  you ca n't have cops and other nut jobs going around shooting people and expect to compare to civilized countries anyway . 
  a lot of people talk about malm\u00f6 as if it was detroit though, 
  then what does it show ? 
  i have a hard time believing only 93 % people in finland have a finnish nationality . 
  how about the russian people grow a pair and open their eyes regarding their government ? 
  let 's be honest , of all the first world nations you know the least about finland . 
  you 've got a point with economic stagnation but nazi 's do n't amount to much here and corruption is extremely low relative to most of the world . 
  it 's the price of irony, 
  there 's no one race in finland . 
  lots of western finnish people are genetically closer to swedes than eastern finns . 
  the finno-ugric peoples group is n't even a race but more of a linguistic group . 
  not this again . . 
  sisu is a concept blown way out of proportions by foreigners . 
  it 's not something most finns care about . 
  most natives who talk about it i 'd say are rednecky . 
   both nations are of a reactive nature ( which includes valueing silence over words ) . 
  even certain social problems are similar . 
  i do n't think so . 
  an alpha in finland is like any other human alpha , someone who takes in control of a situation and leads . 
  someone who just keeps quiet to himself is n't seen as a better person than someone who talks to people and does things it 's quite the opposite . 
  finns on average are more reserved than most other nationalities but that 's about it . 
  [ link to the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zssifn2mso ) definitely worth watching, 
  of course you 'd say that . 
  you goddamn lithuanian fascist nazi / s, 
  it 's not about the multikulti . 
  it 's something much older than that . 
  what are estonians saying about finns ? 
   written estonian is a lot closer to spoken estonian for whatever reason .
