  fix your shit . 
  ca n't have a mass influx of swedes if i 'm to see pakkoruotsi end in my lifetime . 
  you said that it seemed like racial politics in america were blacks vs everyone else . 
  i simply brought up trump because he and his following clearly demonstrates that what you said is not the case . 
  [ just for fun here 's the currently hot trump ad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeajrt8peoo ) . 
  edit : just so we 're clear my first post was entirely sarcastic . 
  . . okay ? 
  so you agree that  it seems like it 's african americans versus everyone else . 
  is not in fact the state of the usa ? 
  why bother replying if you 're not going to address what the person says ? 
   it seems like it 's african americans versus everyone else . 
  yeah , it 's african americans trump is riling people against . 
  trying to placate and distract us with such a meager offering ? 
  the clue is in the name !, 
  now give it here, 
  if you vote too left in finland people start laughing . 
  not just the obscures but vasemmistoliitto for example . 
  half the time i hear them mentioned i hear open or contained laughter . 
  can we please stop with these threads until ( if it even ) progresses past just the planning stage ? 
  also i 'd just like to say that you 're not going to live like a king with 800 $ / month in finland . . could barely pay my rent . 
   you tend to idealise murica after that . 
  or at least the ideas it was founded on . 
  now things are changing though they never held to those ideals . 
  i love the ideals america was founded on but to think that they were ever practiced is sadly untrue . 
  it sounds to me like they 're ( and i hate to use their words ) shaming masculinity . 
  nobody ever taught me to be afraid of fear , weakness , vulnerability etc. 
  these came to me naturally as they come to most men . 
  humans are n't blank slates unaffected by natural instincts or gender differences that go back millions of years of evolutionary history and to pretend like that 's the case is just ridiculous . 
   in iraq , christians numbered about 1,500,000 in 2003 from wikipedia but you get the point . 
  there are plenty of christians in iraq and as far as i know there is n't some massive percentage of these `` refugees '' calling themselves christians . 
  why would n't they though ? 
  it 's not like either country is less foreign to them and if they 're able to do it then why not . 
  i 'm not sure how this could be fixed really . 
  how is this ` real history ' . 
  just some stories passed on orally . . usually not that real . 
  pretty much the only time i hear ` all germans are nazis ' jokes is online made by almost entirely americans . 
  i feel like this shit has started to become some sort of a martyr complex with some germans . . europeans do n't associate the german flag with nazism or any kind of dangerous nationalism . 
  edit : typos, 
  so the only reason it 's a problem is because it 's disgusting ? 
  i 'd rather this than them fucking chickens or whatever . 
  i ca n't imagine a human doing much damage to a horse . 
  the opposite however . . edit : people who call this sickening seriously need some perspective . 
  it 's okay to raise something since it 's birth in some dark shitty restricted area , pump themp full of hormones and eat them when they 're some months old without ever having experienced anything but some dude sticking his 1/3 the size of that species ' penis into it 's vagina is sickening ? 
  i 'm not even a vegan and just finished eating a steak . 
  sorry for the badly written mini rant but it 's the best i can do after an all nighter . 
  yeah , filthy commoner should know his place and kneel before his betters !, 
  no wonder the yanks laugh at you . 
  not the shit ones . 
  half or more will go to rent depending where you live and whether you have kids or not . 
  i 'm not pro this kind of immigration but i find it weird that there 's always some czech or bosnian or whatever pointing out the money . 
  the cost of living in scandinavia is pretty high . . 
  the average ` spurgu ' in helsinki gets probably like 1000-1400 $ with 60 % + going to rent . 
  480 $ + rent + maybe something small, 
  plenty of sunshine and warmth will do that to you . 
  it 's all ultimately your fault, 
  do n't be disrespectful !, 
  it 's b\u00f8rk b\u00f8rk, 
  the only thing i hear about baltic women is that they are n't fat like the ones in this country . 
  and that 's usually coming from some +40 year old beerbelly just back from thailand . 
  edit : also i think common is saying that eastern european women in general are more feminine than finnish . 
  i think this is pretty common in a lot of western europe but at least here in finland . 
  from what i 've seen english people in general hate it but londoners like it . 
  reminds me of half the capitals/largest cities of the country in the world . 
  helsinki definitely comes to mind . 
  so one guy is able to confirm stereotypes now ? 
  if this man represents nigeria is the catholic poland now just a bunch of unmarried single parents who are willing to enter into sham marriages for a months pay ? 
  so smug you do n't even bother to speak coherently . 
  it 's because you 're ashamed of your own bodies and use make up & pretty clothes to cover it up #acceptyouruglybody, 
  i was n't clear but i was talking about the `` able to provide for everyone '' part . 
  i 'm very much expecting to fight robots for jobs myself, 
  maybe some day but not in our life times so let 's not act like it, 
  that 's -1 stability , i believe, 
  germans ? 
  just because you 're playing online does n't mean you 're talking to people, 
  hate crime is a bull shit charge . 
  why not just increase the punishments of the actual crimes ? 
  if you can show intent then what does the motive matter ? 
  it 's still 2015 and afaik sander 's campaign is still growing and he 's only recently been taken seriously by the main stream media so i do n't see how things could n't change . 
  you could n't have said the same for paul based on the numbers . 
   bernie sanders would have no chance of winning sanders polls well . . 
  if you want to compare him to a paul you might as well go with rand . 
  ron never had anywhere as near a following outside internet libtards . 
  if you 're going to be loose about it you might as well extend it to most of if not the whole world, 
  it 's the opposite . 
  a finnish man does n't know how to party so just gets shit faced while watching hockey . 
  maybe stabs his best friend a couple times if leijonat lose, 
  most people are n't the problem, 
  as a helsinkian i agree but people do seem to live out there, 
   fennoswedes do know how to speak finnish . 
  they are not monolingual . 
  depends where they live . 
  a lot are bilingual but do n't speak finnish . 
   many of them refuse to learn estonian language because in their mindset they are the conquerors who do n't need to bother with the language of conquered dogs . 
  honestly i think this applies to fennoswedes . 
  maybe not as harshly but b\u00e4ttrefolk is n't just a joke, 
  you ca n't expect to be able to reliably order things in pure finnish in ( thankfully ) a few places in finland . 
  it 's not that big of a deal . 
  comments & ratings disabled . . nice show of faith on their message, 
  maybe social welfare is n't the only reason they 're migrating ? 
  he 's significant but so is hitler .
