  because eesti small and lacks horrible hillbillies with worse dialects ? 
  i ca n't help but feel estonians are lazy just based on their language . 
  most people in finland are . . 
  the most ridiculous thing about this story to me is that weed is illegal in sweden . 
  ( and in finland for that matter ), 
  why ? 
  obviously the mediterranean is more relevant for mediterraneans, 
  the horror !, 
  if only, 
   at least africa is free to fuck itself up all by itself . . nigeria, 
  next up viro has a referendum on union with finland ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ narvaisnotinvited, 
  finland mentioned , we 'll meet on the border, 
  too many greeks think like you . 
  viini = wine kumi = rubber lakritsi = licorice ja = and makeinen = sweet vaahto = foam sekoitus = mix for anyone who wants to know the others, 
  danish sounds really similar to dutch imo . 
  though since danish is not at all coherent i guess it 's impossible to tell for sure . 
  [ a place just outside a halal shop and near a mosque was overrun by somalis ] ( https://vimeo.com/133431219 ) pls russia , send bomb to it\u00e4-helsinki, 
  nobody likes non eu immigrants, 
  stop acting like that 's an actual thing . 
  he 's only talking about the male version because of the absolute lack of any protection for boys from mgm . 
   every single conversation , whatever the context have to be about men 's issues ? 
  this is utter bollocks . 
  it does not happen in reality and it 's not even close . 
  he also to my ears sounded very swedish when i opened the video . 
  then it sounded like swedish mixed with arabic . 
  the accent in english i think sounds quite swedish as well . 
  they 're gon na keep drinking it anyway . 
  agreed . 
  let 's call it ` viro ' from now on . 
  this is just some swede in disguise , no ? 
  if you seriously think it 'd make sense for russia to attack finland you 're out of your mind . 
  yes they could annex the whole country but nowhere near at a worthwhile cost . 
  two separate things granted caused by same kind of thinking . 
  idk about n\u00e4rpes but after being subjected to compulsory b\u00e4ttrefolk appreciation classes rikssvenska sounds silly to me . 
  i much prefer finlandsvenska . 
  sounds so much better . 
  what 's the difference from telling people not to buy from jews and telling people not to buy from germans ? 
  neither warranted it in these two cases imo . 
  tbh i was right there with them for the most part . 
  you should n't expect to have a completely safe job being a policeman . 
  it 's not okay to just shoot people because you thought that they potentially could have but totally did not have a gun and a plan to kill you with it . 
  a police officer is supposed to be respected because they 're doing a very admirable job and putting themselves at risk for other peoples sake . 
  a firefighter 's not going to decline going into a burning building because it 's dangerous . 
   a police officer will always pull his weapon as his last resort ( out of training ) and it remains a rather rare occurence the thing that pops out instantly pretty much whenever i see american cops in even basic action is how quickly they draw their guns . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  they take no chances whatsoever . 
  you 're just walking and we got a nose complaint of someone who matches your age ? 
  hands up , son . 
  germanic as in speaks a germanic language and is catholic . 
   at least you guys have your own country so you can protect your language . 
  finnish has been rapidly evolving and dialects dying off like flies ever since ` finland ' started becoming a thing and before . 
  sure there 's now one bastardized and very diluted version of something but it 's certainly not some protected gift from our ancestors . 
  solidarity and unity does n't just come from ethnicity . 
  usa obviously comes to mind . 
  implying countries like iraq are real, 
  you have an interesting notion of winning . 
  finland 's relevant now ? 
  at least it 's not pitch black half the year . . 
  never gon na understand why this is even controversial . 
  you 'd grant a puppy this mercy why not a human being ? 
  how 's swedish hard ? 
  especially for someone who already speaks a germanic language . 
  seems like their choice . 
  most have from what i understand . 
  +5 million is plenty . 
  in comparison according to wikipedia there are way less than a million basque speakers which i do n't think is necessarily too low either but some others have way way less . 
  but to answer your question i would n't mind . 
  that 's not what i 'm implying at all . . 
  it takes effort to learn a language no matter how little and it 's unpractical to learn some tiny teeny useless language that people could save the hassle of learning . 
  you do n't need thousands or millions of people speaking a language for linguistics to study it and tradition just for traditions sake in my eyes is worthless . 
  can the basque language disappear at this point ? 
  is there not enough material that even if every basque speaker suddenly died there was a way to recreate it ? 
  also honestly i think that 's too much credit to most languages . 
  why ? 
  it 's just unpractical . 
  abortion is an option no matter your personal views on it . 
  why sex ? 
  why not say reproduction . 
  not saying i want to bang my first cousin or anything . 
  i do n't see how refusing to call something a genocide is hate speech . 
  [ i 'd say this guy was even more cringey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=libgmdonvuy ) the subtitles are n't good but it 's extremely cringey in finnish . 
  maybe it 's just the napoleon complex, 
  it was some kind of introduction just before or during the helsinki olympics . 
  he was the president . 
  edit : i think it was the opening to the olympics according to wikipedia he spoke fluent finnish , swedish , russian , french , german and latin but as he was born in 1870 he 'd never studied english . 
  [ oh god ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy1as41echk ), 
  tbf they 're not all like this in that party . 
  yet all you ever hear about is 6 million jews . 
  always weirded me out how brits seem like they 're the most likely to make fat jokes of yanks whilst being some of the fattest people themselves . 
  is there anything they are n't in denial about ? 
  yeah it sounds good but then you realize you 'd have to buy two plane tickets for each person, 
  not true . 
  northern finland & scandinavia are n't anywhere near as bad as greenland or canada for example despite being on the same latitude . 
  exactly . 
  finland is almost the size of germany yet we have less than 10 % of the population . 
  in an anonymous poll ? 
  better shoot your neighbour else he might break in and rape you one night . 
  i mean he could do that, 
  25 % americans think obama might be the antichrist . 
  do n't think russian 's are too crazy .
