it is maybe crazy because it seems most rational not to kill yourself , and if the world is worthless it is better to kill yourself with lesser pain . 
  i think that for humans social aspects are much more important than the rational ones , although i ca n't tell how , when and why . 
  i used to have the thoughts of sacrificing myself for others , as some of my friends and some writers ( i would quote proust ) had . 
  what if it turns the other way , the people/society you would sacrifice yourself for is actually morally corrupt and you are only someone to exploit for their good . 
  you are someone who is just over-socialized , and it is definitely in bad way . 
  exposing yourself to such world only gives sorrow . 
  i am just trying to make a point that suicides can be a result of social mechanisms of a person that is n't defined/accepted in the modern society , although it mostly relates to my personal experience . 
  i used to look down upon suicidal people too in the past . 
  why crazy ? 
  i know you will say that she commit suicide in public by burning herself , but suicides are closely related to society itself . 
  even one of the first sociological article was about suicide and how much it related . 
  she probably have not come terms with how we live in . 
  suicidal people are n't necessarily crazy . 
  it helps when you come to power after a crisis which only began by the incompetency of the prior leaders . 
  so it is just regular growth of turkey , only that it has just much more stability http://www.tradingeconomics.com/turkey/gdp-per-capita compare years from here akp 's one of the most prominent election slogan was `` stability '', 
  islamic butthurt since ataturk edit : from what i think most of the base of voters has islamic roots and the democracy of majority is a huge compromise from secularity , especially in the rhetoric . 
  with the tendency of becoming a dictator leaders like erdogan and menderes tended to rely on `` ballot '' in which both called `` democracy '' and suppressed those who criticized him in any sense . 
  for significant amount of them secularity was a mistake and ataturk was no more than a dictator who imposed his wills on the people . 
  however they wo n't say it out loud . 
  their authoritarianism can be compared to the russia , as they are a `` majority '' country like turkey which is strictly turkish sunni country . 
  askreddit iama has lots of them, 
  wake up wakeeeeeeee uppp !!!, 
  he is saying if you possess the capability of attacking capital in 5 minutes you might as well turn every country there against them , its absurd you wo n't branded as `` aggressive '' . 
  if you are gon na make an enemy out of russia , you might as well add finland and sweden to nato . 
  why not , they are worse than hitler and literally `` autistic '' . 
  i do n't want to talk about how perverse the usa foreign policy in sa anyway . 
  what usa did to sa is very comparable to what ussr did to hungary . 
  apparently polarizing worked for usa , and they are the winners , so they are `` writers '' , and no one condemns them for the almost starting the world war due to polarizing foreign policies or supporting massacres throughout foreign juntas . 
  edit : i am sorry to say that usa is literally russia . 
  no , it has supported and is continually supporting democracy . 
  if it was n't for usa we all would be slaves to our russian overlords . 
  we have become murderers ( ? ), 
  i like the words like `` western liberalism '' , in all of the sentences . 
  west stinks , etc. 
  implying russian authoritarianism as oppressing the dissidents , the dissidents are in turn labeled like cia agents , as traitors . 
  diminishing russian influence on your country is immediately labeled by transformation to fascism . 
  still even though a person 's power is limited , in no way mhp would limit the fundamental authority of the state in matters such as police force and censorship , they would only limit dictatorship not of their kind . 
  edit : their nationalism is kind of what can be called fascism , even though their voters are n't fascists , only nationalists with a disregard for bureaucratic , way too secular chp and an alienation towards islamist akp . 
  their most renowned leader was alpaslan t\u00fcrke\u015f , most prominent leader of 60 coup who was expelled by a seemingly puppet but popular cemal g\u00fcrsel because of his extremely authoritarian views such as intolerance towards existence of any other political party . 
  i would say , as much as akp saw themselves the only solution towards the problem of secularity on the right wing ( rightfully but that does n't explain the butthurtedness of the akp media in last election ) mhp tries to emulate a turkish problem which is similar to akp in deed . 
  acquire majority since appealing to turkish right is the best way of getting it , and make sure that you hold the system after pseudo democracy , but their egos are way too big to see that they 're are the same with akp thus they will fail , unless mhp succeeds in dismantling hdp , which i think lawfully impossible since akp tried to protect itself from dismantling . 
  they are both authoritarian so it will be especially worse, 
  statistics oversimplify it , just as you do with the `` cultural war '' thing . 
  at best freedom of speech is good . 
  however what i am asking for is some sort of reflection on matters such that a teenager in britain can go to jail because he cursed the british troops in afghan soil . 
  the concept is n't even working justly , while my point about how the notion of `` freedom of speech '' used as cultural superiority in this case is completely ignored . 
  i am against radicalization which extremists on both sides support , i am not fan of muslim community myself , if i hold a side . 
  why am i keeping to hit to the wall when i say this is political problem , but when i try to dispel the supposedly `` pure ideological '' roots of it , my answer is `` he is a politician '' . 
  when i say the problem is politics about immigrants ( and even more ) , you show me a statistic that nowhere solves the problem , on the contrary deepens it . 
  he is using `` freedom of speech '' as an essential western value ( in fact only to be gained in the 20th century ) in which , in this value a cultural superiority is established by insults lacking any kind of sophistication nor rumination . 
   you are not an asset to any community , at least i am not part of any circlejerking . 
  i was under the impression that he was saying that , as he is a notorious anti-immigrant . 
  the problem is n't in anyway either of islam or christianity is superior not islam is a bad religion . 
  the problem is immigrants , religion or `` ideology '' is just a part of the problem of it . 
  so i am talking about the intolerance towards the immigrants , which some of it has racist tendencies in it , or a sort of superiority that wilders is promoting as something that is a result of the struggle for free speech , while in fact its whole purpose is being ignorant/intolerant . 
  they would have won when muslims are much more oppressed in the western world so they would become in the same side with the extremists , as the westerners would hate immigrants more . 
  this is n't about a war of cultural superiority , only a way of political and international relations imposed into this cultural relationship . 
  further this western - islamic tension continues without compromises on both sides the worse it will get . 
  i am not saying this should be censored . 
  i am saying that if europeans politically think they are simply superior and as a result be intolerant of the muslim communities this issue wo n't be resolved . 
  so he is closing borders to an ideology ? 
  they would have less reasons to hate muslims if they did n't exist as immigrants in their own country . 
  which is what this guy 's politics is all about . 
  that does have nothing to do with the pissing of the muslims under the protection of freedom of speech , this is just racist - ignorant rampant and it should not be sympathized with any way . 
  charlie hebdo was n't racist , but this politician is . 
  he is a hypocrite who tries to imply that europeans are better because they would tolerate satirizing of another culture which is not well liked , further deepening radicalization . 
  at the least he would never do this to his own religion . 
  the kurd problem would be severed drastically . 
  aside from that mhp is at best akp wannabe so they would compete each other , and it would be fun to watch, 
  you are mistaken in balkan immigrants attitude towards religion . 
  it is a better explanation that the immigrants were much more symphatetic of the idea of being turks . 
  in contrast , other areas have much more traditional ideas transended to religion through the suppression . 
  as no one will say that they arent turk in today , they will adhere to conservatism in proving they are better even with facing the paradox that the elites of a region are essentially are getting apart from it . 
  good . 
  to be fair they are harvested when they are babies , not when they are scarlett johanssons, 
  * frank herbert ? 
  it is possible to torture terrorists as long as you are a superpower , even though they are protected by human rights originally ? 
  to be fair they dont have a stereotype as bad as arabs . 
  it may be likely that the homeless in the vicinity increased then they heard complaints from other people . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_butter_crisis ), 
  its more of a bourgeouis morality than a pure investing on science . 
  i think what happens today, 
  i dont think societies want to advance scientifically . 
  they rather want prosperity . 
  on another note it is weird that science is considered progression but such a conversation on morality is hindered , and eventually decimated by politics due to politics nature . 
  even science as you said is bound by it . 
  yeah , but i am skeptic about what he meant by western societies promoting science . 
  science was valued as how much technological progress and power it would bring , not like there was a pure/genuine interest about science/reason in the society so westerns are superior because of it, 
  i mean that science isnt innocent as we ought to believe as in its progression, 
  they are like 2000 years back in religion though , believing in supersitition or foretelling . 
  and i dont know what you are referencing =(, 
  nah , thats because they hate you for decades and covertly infilrate the bureucratic and judicial system through sects . 
  much later they decide to make military incapable of a coup that would be deemed in order to uphold `` constitutional rights '' which were `` violated '' by the government . 
  then you have a turkey with a president that wants excessive power because they felt they were butthurt when they could n't use clothes . 
  its not because they colonized the world because they valued truth and knew how to use it . 
  that is simply / r/badhistory , they valued power so the truth , the relationship between power and science is very complex and the idea that truth prevailed power hides how the institutions of science were found on and were sympathetic to the power they believed in . 
  science itself maybe is the saviour , but it may not be the science as we and our ancestors have known . 
  consider eugenics for example , or the idea that africans were racially inferior . 
  their roots do not lie in what should be considered science , they lie in the power scientists were sympathetic to , which pointed that they were in fact inferior through dominance . 
  also wwi was the war of rational thoughts/superiorities of nations , and most of the western nations participated were sympathetic to idea of war because of that .
