  greece is also significantly better in debts owned . 
  also what an elitist answer . 
  it is obvious turkey did 9/11 because they are illiterate sand people . 
  yeah according to my ass turkey violated cyprus agreement by right/fascist wing coup of grey wolves . 
  so basically you are contradicting yourself . 
  that is very impressive when doing a straw-man argument . 
  international law was broken by greece at start , not turkey . 
  this is important because otherwise it makes all fault turkey 's , which is nonsense . 
  britain guaranteed the independence against both turks and greeks however they did n't do any shit when cyprus joined greece . 
  although later policies may be judged , turkey 's attack was necessary . 
  so i am not sure about what you mean by gb 's role . 
  what ? 
  turkey : about 2500 academicians fired this week by government , many of them were non-gulen affiliated . 
  it included main advisor to chp ( main opposition party ) leader , and some social democrat union members . 
  kilicdaroglu considers applying to constitution court against emergency state laws . 
  isis has been cleared from border , with only several casualties from turkey . 
  hdp leader said that they do n't consider pkk as terrorist group , as they only condemn their attacks on civilians . 
  they also condemned turkish incursion into syria . 
  war with pkk is increased as the last engagement resulted in 25 deaths for turkey at a single day . 
  on the other hand akp announced an investment into southeast turkey with 3 billion $ . 
  after the ankara attack on left organizations by isis , the greatest terrorist attack on turkey and after the starting of conflict in between pkk and turkey demirtas says ( shortly ) : you are not our prime minister . 
  we wo n't let the you to murder us everyday and every moment . 
  we wo n't falter down . 
  a kid play is being played . 
  we are dying everyday . 
  we are the dying , the soldier , the police . 
  we are kurds and we are the turks . 
  hdp is not nationalist . 
  this is a common theme used by akp/mhp to discredit them as pro-pkk . 
  they see the deaths from pkk and army the same . 
  ataturk is not equivalent to secularism . 
  turkey was never strictly secularist , since taxes were always funding ministery of religion ( diyanet ) . 
  it was secularist in the sense that there was n't any religious power other than turkish state . 
  i think one of the reasons of why erdogan is so strong was the homogeneous policies of ataturk making being muslim a synonymous of being turkish . 
   spain 's response to the threats posed by eta spawned the gal , a terrorist group of its own . 
  in turkey there was [ j\u0130tem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gendarmerie_intelligence_organization ) . 
  so it was as bad as basque question . 
  i think what happened in turkey was that erdogan tried to use kurdish politics for their own ( i can be your voice ) but blaming kemalists for oppression did n't work as kurds had their own party . 
  they were n't stupid enough to make erdogan as strong as a dictator and just trust him . 
  edit : sorry for double message , i did it because my comment was removed , since i accidentally used a google link instead of the original one . 
   pkk was a peaceful political organisation for the first 6 years of its existence . 
  source ? 
  it seems that you have looked at wikipedia article but it is n't even consistent there . 
  also , pkk was most importantly a marxist-leninist organization . 
  you imagine it as a liberal institution that made demonstrations etc. 
  but from their conception their objective was to bring down the government / take control and hold territory . 
  to be honest , demonstration is a constitutional right . 
  it just so happens that government can also ban it for `` security '' reasons and judiciary may not care . 
  space, 
  people like to live simplistically . 
  he did n't feel german enough , which is normal for people that has longing to their own country . 
  well they speak broken turkish too . 
  since they had to learn both at once and they are extremely different . 
  / r/europe is far left ? 
  what sort of a world are you living in that defines it far left ? 
  orientalism much ? 
  i do n't think kurdistan flag was banned . 
  only military ones were banned afaik . 
  that was n't my point . 
  have you read the article ? 
  it even has a puppeteer bush with puppet blair cartoon . 
  it is about for how long they both have planned for this secretly . 
  i actually find `` the turkish genetics '' as a joke . 
  for the most part i do n't think there is much difference with turks in western turkey and greeks . 
  i meant the 4th picture , the people on the right for example . 
  they have the ottoman mustaches and tan skins . 
  aside from the longer and curly hair that is the look i assume as `` ottoman '' . 
  usually these paintings are orientalist so turkish clothes would have been different in order to show the difference . 
  yes , if a lot of turkish does it it is definitely bad . 
  wtf . 
  do you guys really think i insulted you ? 
  if i did , what is the insult ? 
  being similar to turk ? 
  greeks look more turkish than us . 
  wow . 
  i understood it as with every us president election they select britain 's next overlord . 
  i hate it so much . 
  it is sort of a `` feel turkish '' card for the people living as immigrant but i know that they want to turn my country to hell for the other % 50 just so they can say something like `` make turkey great again '' . 
  i would n't feel this angry if i found the problem only economical policy but they are extremely content with the opposition suppressed . 
  what ? 
  i wonder where those all bulgarian expats went in 500 years , that could n't live their religion freely . 
  / s i mean it is a common trope to say ottomans were bad but till 18th - 19th century nothing bad happened for christians as far as i know , like the spanish kingdom did with inquisition . 
  after that it was mostly about sovereignty , at least in balkans . 
  realist as in racist or being culturally `` pure '' . 
  similar to trump . 
  that is what the authoritarians want , a reactionary europe . 
  it is really hard . 
  you have to learn genders for words , verbs are always at the second place and at the end ( in hauptsatz ) , finalsatz and nebensatz . 
  i am b1 but i find it very hard to understand the words when germans speak between each other . 
  it is a common trope to say in turkey that you are under attack by foreign illuminati or some shit . 
  right now it is usa because of the coup but like every us supported arabian dictatorships they try to play it . 
  us will not work because they are our `` ally '' so right now its europe , especially merkel , like the way it was before coup . 
  the people will buy it as much as they did before . 
  it goes more like `` we had a lot of debts ( to imf ) now its over , we have no debts '' while all they have to do is to check the ministry of treasury 's account where all debts ( increasing ) can be seen online . 
  or maybe read an official government newspaper , idk . 
  you stole our islands ! 1 !! 111 ! 1112131231 !, 
  lausanne was a sham !, 
  ^ / s edit : did n't anyone get the joke where i assumed him as a greek ? 
  no except from the testimonies which were under torture . 
  the akp government does n't want to make full investigation because they were part of the infiltration , so much that they try to make the parliamentary investigation useless .
