  i remember a few friends believing in intelligent design by evolution , even though they were raised up in highly conservative environments and were religious , but still i do n't know how the hadiths say it exactly , but in quran its very similar to christians . 
  =( it hurts me how actually true that statement is ... 
   blaming for his fathers death in a massacre   blaming for all things those muslims damn , they ca n't even reconcile with genociding, 
  they differ when they are old russian colonies though, 
  its the gold for `` fiyat/cost ( n ) '' and taxi for ( tutar/cost ( verb ) ) in turkey, 
  conscience of the societies are linked to religion/foundation so colonialism is entrenched on usa . 
  i dont think it id the same with turkey , its foundation is resistance against western powers but still armenian genocide is more like nationalism/modernity awakening within several people in leadership , which is resulted from a coup . 
  its very similar to a sort of darwinism . 
  almost no one likes the leadership now . 
  it isnt sth inherent in the turkish nation itself . 
  the foundation is likely to be seen in the arguments like `` west did those to us too '' but in general there is a conception about how much sunni we should be in the gov/mil people so in order to create a sense of homogeneity and not to make the nation dwell/reflect on the underlying causes of it . 
  there is nothing to worry about a gag law that undermines governments ' responsibility to people ? 
  i thought i was born just in time =(, 
  this is the stuff that makes me want to get employed at a job in the ministry of truth, 
  [ 4chan ] ( http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/38985_700b.jpg ), 
  having a majority in best universities ( sometimes more than half ) while constituing 2 percent of usa is disproportionate . 
  they represent 25 fold of what they should in an equal society . 
  the situation is exactly what disproportionate is , although it can be considered just in some ways . 
  isnt it indirectly used by american education system still ? 
  jews are way too many in the higher academia for a minority , while in contrast blacks are fewer . 
  so sats quotas are biased towards race anyway . 
  i am turkish and i did n't mean immigrants specifically . 
  i think there is a fascination of violence and authority in the orthodox societies like russia and turkey . 
  muslims in our lower society never overcome the fact that we are less prosperous than the west , as in the sa in nazi germany hated the jews specifically even though being a worker class / socialist institution ( should be immune to racial definitions ) . 
  i do n't know what upper muslim society thinks about the difference though , in past the bureucratic , turkish/sunni middle class addressed the education but it was n't enough to solve the corruption within it . 
  now they seem to care less as they enjoy the higher luxuries brought by the west but i feel like they are similar to saudi princes who support the salafists in syria , they are somehow less conscious but still somewhere inside same as they ca n't fit the discrepancy . 
  edit : my feeling is that we never had original thought because we sucked up to the authority itself , i mean for example our sect is mostly hanafi , and the guy was imprisoned and killed by a monarch but we almost never talk about it . 
  i feel like the muslim community loves the institution of monarchy within its power rather than the thoughts it supressed . 
  we live in a delusional history that the state was always good inherently , we love ottomans because they show our islamic nature within its sheer power . 
  is n't marriage itself very patriarchical institution though with all the concepts of lineage etc. 
  also for some reason i feel like marriage is one 's ownership of the other as in male 's ownership of the female , though i may be very outdated/controversial . 
  i mean , at least , does it have to be written explicitly and governed by law unless to determine case of custody of the children ? 
  why is the assumption that some people are inherently `` evil '' ? 
  and what is the position of the society that ca n't face the evil within itself , or the civilization that created it ? 
  there is an interesting dynamic between society , government and the individual and i think government should protect the individual who is much more weaker than society in total . 
  i do n't agree , the culture in muslim societies are somehow violent , its like they have been reduced to the crusader era as in the violent christian manner , `` as '' their culture was flourishing at that time . 
  i ca n't say americans , europeans are better though . 
  nationalism blunts morality and it is just that there is a something like general hatred directed towards western in the muslim world ( charlie hebdo incident etc ) while on the other side ( west ) the government is allowed to be violent on muslims because of the perception of the populace towards them ( inferior ) . 
  edit : you may be right in a way that what west only need is to supress the muslim minority 's criticism towards them ( a child in england arrested because he insulted the troops in afghanistan ) while muslims can only deal with invaders with violence . 
  capitalism allows the voice to be heard to be rich and strong , even though we assume freedom exists , which in some cases does not ( the antisemitist comedian arrested in france ) or it does n't matter to talk `` freely '' ( the academic supression of marginal thought in universities of usa , as an academic does n't meet the moral standards of the university ), 
   traditional i assume you call them vegetables anyway/s, 
  the rule of law entails economic growth , however democracy is n't, 
  lol , they really bothered to do that , its like berberian africa . 
  born 500 years late for being a noble victim of opprichnina . 
  u must be new here, 
  its no surprise that stalin won the war by himself , since he made the whole institutions bound to himself . 
  i dont think war would be harder if he wasnt such a patriot for his sake . 
  yanks also threw fire bombs to axis cities yet the comnon circlejerk fits the national rhetoric in reddit , which is somewhat true . 
  usa at least wanted to end the war , stalin was plain evil from the start of the revolution . 
  or we need to preach those primitives catholicism !, 
  no matter how heavy the burden that comes on our shoulders by making them work in plantations and mines !, 
  and if their labor is heavy on our conscience we can always import negros . 
  from which site ? 
  i think it is op 's fault , this is n't / r/cringe or sth like that , it simply does n't belong here . 
  proud, 
  i think he meant the vomit, 
  french or russian ? 
  they all were replaced by dictators =(, 
  we need hd version of this damnit, 
  especially putinbots but not turks =(, 
  we started to become democracy , so we elected a popular religious leader ( later become corrupt with power ) rather than a supporter of inherently corrupt military . 
  they see him as a leader or even sometimes a saviour of democracy , i think . 
  though some leaders of akp - finally - started to disagree with him , instead of seeming strictly united against the common enemy , which now almost does n't exist . 
  yeah but consider 15k consumption satisfied via internal in january and 6k consumption satisfied in august but there is still an import at that august . 
  why there is a 9k difference , event though import is still done . 
  no storing then ? 
  so production decreases in summer ? 
  i do n't get it, 
  veritas master race reporting in, 
  you probably wo n't exist till then ? 
  does n't matter . 
  constitution and laws are most likely not harmful to him anyway . 
  with germany they will make eu islamic proper !, 
  what if fsb killed him to make themselves seem butthurt ? 
  its endles, 
  alien illuminati reptilians conspiring with the putin to destroy the world for good purposes . 
  up to / r/karmacourt with you !, 
  islamophobia is an interesting term in a way that while inside europe it can be justified as in political sense ( against fundamentalists , nationalists support for discrimination ) , in the outside of europe - where most of muslim people resides - it is used as a polarizing term that implies pure ignorance over westerners . 
  we of course have a right to be outraged if turk or muslim 's house burnt down and authorities are accused of complying with the perpetrators . 
  on the other hand we are ** always ** butthurt if islam is insulted , that includes when `` our version '' of islam is misinterpreted as perpetuating attacks , disregarding that muslims actually murder people over it . 
  because `` our '' is of course `` truthiest '' and better . 
  `` truthiest '' comes in a form that there is almost no discussion about that if current religious tradition perpetuates violence . 
  it is like inferiority complex exposed over societies . 
  edit : last sentence edit2 : added last paragraph, 
  its only from my mom 's side ( we live with my father 's family ) , and for some reason there was never a mention of migration etc. 
  immigrated from bulgaria to turkey , but not sure if migrated during balkan wars . 
  me too . 
  prepare for kebab genes !, 
  ^ ^ balkanian ^ ^ turk ^ ^ genes, 
  i would want be as fabulous as hitler though stalin is also [ handsome ] ( http://puu.sh/gkefj/c654c01716.jpg ) on a side note : i find it very normal that they compare others to hitler , even though they themselves are the closest in terms of politics they use . 
  oh i meant `` the video can be seen '' in political manner , as in if some channels would show it . 
  then the crime may meant something for erdogan . 
  but it isnt a crime for most of population and erdogan likes them going around killing people in syria . 
  still no apologies , only denial from rebels . 
  erdogan wont do anything unless the video can be seen . 
  but that wont make people hate him . 
  then why would he do anything ? 
  in anyway they will be forgiven because of our hate for assad . 
  erdogan will not do anything that undermines the rise of nationalism and maybe jingoism . 
  sounds similar ?
