  other than that we know is that it was a real attempt at a coup and gulen had the grand project of the infiltrating the secular turkey , he even betrayed an islamic pm ( erbakan ) 20 years ago saying that he should resign because he could n't do `` it '' right . 
  gulen movement hinges on an extreme loyalty . 
  if one is in the movement you are expected to be in it for life as you are sent to other countries for missionary activities ( using schools ) , other cities of turkey to teach , or sometimes infiltrate the state . 
  they could even tape the secret conversation between prime minister , head of intelligence and minister of defense about making a fake attack in turkish soil in syria to deploy army there . 
  they also taped the conversation between erdo and his son in which his son could n't understand how he should hide the corruption money when the gulen 's prosecution/police targeted erdogan 's son ( shoe box = money jokes ) . 
  like erdogan 's crowd , gulen 's people have the oppression complexity and they wanted to exact revenge from the turkish state because ataturk did n't allow for any religious leader ( said nursi in their case , a guy who rejected to be the minister of religion so he could preach his teachings ) that could control people to grow stronger . 
  today 's akp newspapers depicting ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ merkel : g\u00fcne\u015f : they did the nazi photoshop again and said that they are under attack from western media cuz they tell the truth . 
  something like `` they found it hard to digest '' http://www.haber7.com/gazete-mansetleri/gunes takvim : \u0130t-tifak ( alliance as in bitch-lliance ) . 
  merkel is a terrorist supporter ( they mean pkk and g\u00fclen both , did n't work cuz erdo-turkey strong ) and rutte is her servant , as erdo ( and rutte in the newspaper ) said they used dogs and horses to disperse turks ( didnt work and yurop was humiliated ) . 
  http://www.haber7.com/gazete-mansetleri/aksam milat : following the way of hitler ( merkel on the left and hitler on the right of the article ) http://www.haber7.com/gazete-mansetleri/milat on the other news erdo told us to make at least 5 children instead of 3 . 
  i guess he really wants to be a dictator for life . 
  ca n't wait the time that my countryman will burn the irish flag . 
  yeah , feel superior because you are doing a man should do . 
  how moral . 
  is that your answer ? 
  wow . 
  we have to feel higher for shitty things now . 
  okay , i didnt know that . 
  it is n't like denial doesnt happen in the other countries ~ ~ too ~ ~ ( my country ) so it is hard to know . 
  i will delete my comment . 
  edit : i thought so too but it was weirdly translated i guess . 
   it 's a repugnant historical falsehood that can mean either way . 
  idk , maybe he is being political by not saying that the government had that role but he may be also saying that they were n't responsible for what erdo has specifically said . 
  if it is history , one should accept it and see what might caused it to not repeat it . 
   locking judges i do n't remember when started talking about turkey , but if you are talking about the gulenists in higher positions i am happy that they are locked . 
  those guys created false evidence to imprison military ( that i do n't like very much ) officers , one has killed himself because he was accused of paedophilia , support for terrorism and bestiality ( also planning a coup against government ) all at once . 
  i do n't say everyone is locked because they deserved it or were gulenists but you ca n't whitewash gulenists ( in higher positions ) in turkey . 
  they were erdo\u011fan 's cronies until gulen wanted more . 
  edit : i am a secularist and in turkey we know gulen unlike you all . 
  we were against gulen in state before erdo did . 
  one can believe whatever they want . 
  the people in turkey especially believes in whatever that `` they want to be/exist '' . 
  collective amnesia is when one does n't care if the information can be false and contradicting to what one already `` knows '' when it suits ones needs even if that need is `` to be repressed '' . 
   dutchbat failed and that the mission was ill-considered and nigh impossible . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutchbat#consequences while the fact that it was ill-considered is correct , the government and the high command are guilty of criminal negligence , maybe along with some part of un . 
  the soldiers themselves are not found guilty . 
  he fucked up when he teamed with gulen to surpress military and gulen had released the tapes showing his corruption . 
  he fucked up as he tried to have a masturbatory islamism and made the half of turkey hate him . 
  he fucked up when the military he denounced became victims just because his tapes were released by gulen , the guy he conspired with to defeat military by imprisoning them through false evidence . 
  the only thing he relies on is collective amnesia , where erdogan shines as a great leader and is oppressed by all sorts of people . 
  people love being oppressed and getting fucked in turkey . 
  he can only manipulate merkel to some extent because europeans hate refugees . 
  other than that the reactions against turkey are quite expected . 
  he also fucked up in syria too . 
  it is interesting because if turkey went to war against germany , the nazi sympathizers would have broken already weak turkey apart . 
  although it is n't like anyone in turkish government would have wanted to attack germany . 
  what is interesting is that this says a lot about the rule of law in turkey . 
  varl\u0131k vergisi ( wealth tax ) was for all ethnic groups but even a newspaper could praise that it is only for wealthy jews - christians who exploited turks . 
  well i would n't call him intelligent , but he is politically competent and not dumb and mostly he is lucky . 
  education in kurdish language and maybe autonomy, 
  they say it in turkey too . 
  being a kurdish immigrant says a lot of about whether you like the current president or not i think . 
  well at least chp seems to have an actual plan for peace in southeast turkey . 
  otherwise this will go on forever . 
  found a time article : http://newsfeed.time.com/2011/04/12/netherlands-to-immigrants-learn-dutch-or-fear-deportation/, 
  the people i mentioned that are deported are currently grandparents or parents of people in netherlands . 
  that is assuming that the turkish speaking people from a lot of different region could feel as a turk in turkey just because they speak a certain type of turkish . 
  i watched it in an in depth article actually , maybe in the guardian . 
  nope , it is just for a show . 
  they are n't the same bland of nationalists though , these are very likely erdogan supporters / nationalists and the other is more racist . 
  ataturk fucked up when he tried to create the `` turkish '' identity , which was ultimately bound to be based on sunni islam . 
  that is what i do n't get . 
  no one can say `` get the fck out because my party has won elections '' to their citizens . 
  this feels racist . 
  even before trump , netherlands has made deportations by making speaking dutch language a must for immigrants , breaking families apart . 
  as a turk who hates erdogan i ca n't stand the islamophobia that is used by likes of geert wilders for racist pretensions . 
  it certainly is n't like the immigrants will / can stay there . 
  so communism is banned ? 
  serious question . 
  i think it would be too much for his parents to be hanged . 
  i am ok with his children and wife being hanged though . 
  just another imperial country with lots of uprisings and wars and ethnic cleansing and so on . 
  if you go back , there are belgian congo and british india . 
  i am not sure holodomor is proven to be as stalin 's intent , if not fault . 
  wtf is that level of propaganda ? 
  what ? 
  morocco was a spanish colony . 
  they had wars and trade for at least 500 years . 
  they are literally neighbors . 
  how polish can be more important ? 
  still capitalism rules apply . 
  i mean that the opposition tv could still exist if they did n't want to profit so much . 
  not in the sense of using official censoring though . 
  they are n't restricting private media as you would think . 
  they either bankrupt and buy it or hold it ransom by claming tax fraud . 
   the uploader has not made this video available in your country . 
  in germany , government protects you from sexy male bikinis . 
  how is it peaceful ? 
  it is based on extreme paranoia against opposition . 
  no , that is n't how it happened . 
  why assume military hates erdogan in the first place anyhow ? 
  military can still do a coup anytime they want , the only problem is that this will immensely weaken turkey 's hand against pkk and regional powers . 
  suppressing pkk is much more important than not being a dictatorship . 
   turkey is against ypg because of connection with pkk turkey ca n't get whatever they want everytime . 
  they would n't have pkk as a problem if our glorious leader did n't wage war on them , first by blocking kobane . 
  no , they are n't comparably moderate . 
  women have to wear headscarves , gays get stoned to death . 
  i do n't see any moderateness here . 
  no dude , this is an explosion of misogynism and racism in / r/europe . 
  no one is crying racism over / r/france for example ( they rather talk about discrimination in legal sense or safe space bubbles in society , the post is at +3 score ) , nor in / r/de , but our white hooded friends here make the word trivial to the implication that racism never existed against blacks , if not equally against whites .
