  besides , if it makes them happy , then i would be a dick to try and take that from them . 
  they could seriously worship cthulhu and i probably would n't care . 
  as long as the religion does n't force them to violate any basic human rights , it would n't be any of my business . 
  that being said ... jehovah 's witness and scientology are out of the question . 
  they can be christian , muslim , atheist , pagan , or whatever they want , it 's not my place to control that aspect of their lives . 
  but the second they try to join a religion that will do more harm to them than anything , i 'd have to vocally oppose . 
  the czechs do n't like anyone . 
  well , yeah . 
  opinions change a lot with generation . 
  your parents might have been born in the 30s and could n't even imagine racial integration happening . 
  but you could grow up in the 60s during civil rights movement and find it to be completely fine . 
  what state were you in ? 
  where i 'm from interracial relationships are extremely common . 
  approximately every third relationship is interracial . 
  when did i claim i was special ? 
  i just said that you can live pretty well in most parts of the country . 
  it might just be a thing american brands do . 
  i mean ... 
  if people are convicted of a crime , they should be punished for it . 
  there 's no point in having laws if nothing really happens when you break them . 
  oh , i just misunderstood what you meant when you said `` better place to live '' . 
  i took it a little too literally . 
   read the 13th amendment `` neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the united states , or any place subject to their jurisdiction . '', 
  what ? 
  there were a lot of people who were roped into fighting with the confederacy because they were told the federal government was abandoning the ideas of state government that were laid out in the foundations of the country . 
  of course , those were mostly lies and misinformation . 
  the u.s. did have the idea to formally federalize , but it would have never gotten through congress . 
  you got ta remember , not every confederate soldier was a slave owner ... 
  but the guys in charge of the confederacy were . 
  they misled their fellow americans to fight a war to benefit them . 
  so , technically , both of those ideas are true . 
  many confederate soldiers thought they were fighting for states ' rights , but the leaders of the confederacy were manipulative and only cared about upholding slavery . 
  i think it depends on the part of america . 
  almost all the stuff you hear about america happens on the east or west coast ... 
  which is about 2/5 of the total united states . 
  the midwest and north are fantastic places to live . 
  you can get a mansion-sized house in colorado for the cost of a small house in new jersey . 
  it 's actually pretty weird how that works . 
  huh . 
  that 's actually a good and open minded view . 
  hey , sometimes canada does cool things . 
  they made maple syrup , after all . 
  hey , do n't define all of us by a few very loud and radical conservatives . 
  they 're not even the majority of conservatives , much less the majority of america . 
  the button puts it at the perfect time and temperature for popcorn , usually store bot , and it 's always in a paper bag . 
  hey !, 
  american falls and bridal veil falls are just as beautiful as horseshoe falls !, 
  guess it 's just about personal preference then . 
  i loved the statue of liberty and ellis island , myself . 
  man , you guys are great !, 
  i appreciate all the recommendations and advice !, 
  i 'll definitely try !, 
  losing an afternoon is n't a bad thing to waste . 
  central park is better in the mornings and times square is the best at night . 
  plus , you 'd still have plenty of time to spare to walk around . 
  i 'm going to visit rome in august . 
  thank you for all the recommendations !, 
  edit : wow !, 
  you guys are truly awesome !, 
  thank you so much for your advice !, 
  if you 're going to tour in new york , at least visit the statue of liberty or ellis island instead . 
  central park is barely interesting and those two areas are much more tourist friendly . 
  we have niagara falls too !, 
  it 's not fair that they get niagara falls and we 're stuck with a subpar park in new york . 
  for anyone who does actually want to see south korea , visit gyeongbokgung palace . 
  i 've been all over korea , and i would definitely have to rate that as the best spot . 
  i was hoping that tintagel castle or glastonbury abbey would be on there or something . 
  such underrated sites . 
  sweet . 
  finally a place to go without the other american tourists annoying me . 
  i love my country , but holy hell i hate the tourists that come out of it . 
  not to take from the point but ... 
  does anyone else find it a bit strange that the swastika appeared in so many cultures ? 
  i got ta wonder where that started and how it spread so widely . 
  yeah , i feel like this is some reddit inside joke that i was n't let in on . 
  to be fair , he probably stopped reading the history book after 1933 . 
  i think he also accidentally skipped over the part with ataturk . 
  are you saying that if you were in charge of a country you would n't put a giant picture of yourself up ? 
  i would n't , but only because i almost always look terrible in pictures . 
  maybe a lovely giant painting , though . 
   still over 50 % larger eu gdp : 16,408,364 chinese gdp : 11,218,281 totally 50 % larger  we can offer better partnership than the us does how ? 
  europe has shown time and time again that it 's unwilling to use military pressure . 
  isis keeps attacking european countries and not a single one has offered the use of its military , while the us immediately sent in special operations to assist the kurds and iraqis against it . 
   it would be absolutely idiotic to even try something like that the same way that it was idiotic to occupy crimea . 
  annexing portions of east europe would be beneficial to the russian economy while also giving them back land that they 've lost since the downfall of the soviet union . 
  also , you 're missing the big picture with africa . 
  africa has more natural resources than any continent on earth . 
  seriously , look at rhodesia and zimbabwe as an example . 
  the rhodesians understood how to use those resources to their advantage and became an economic powerhouse in africa due to that . 
  zimbabweans were unable to use the same resources and fell into economic disparity . 
  europe did not colonize africa for fun , they colonized it because of how insanely strategic it was to have african resources . 
  if one african nation really figured out how to make use of those resources , it could build up a massive economy and military . 
  it could easily annex other african nations and become a global power . 
  you 're stuck in the mindset of `` africa 's poor , it could n't do shit '' while missing the larger picture of what africa is capable of if it started to shape up . 
   the eu will increase its military strength i 've noticed that a lot of europeans seem to be against large military . 
  public perspective matters . 
   can not be trusted to elect a reasonable person the issue with democracy is that it 's always hit or miss . 
  good and bad leaders switch out constantly . 
   the eu has learned its lesson has it ? 
  has it really ?
