as an american , i may have no place to say anything . 
  but i am truly offer my condolences for what happened there . 
  both belgium and france have been allies with us for a long time , and i 'm sorry that isis ' anger towards us is being directed towards you guys . 
  i hope we can all work together to make sure something like this does n't happen again . 
  at least , that 's what i hope . 
  it 's weird that all four of them were n't on there but malta and andorra were . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  at least you 're still the most well known of the baltic states here . 
  yeah , that makes more sense . 
  i tried to look it up for you and nothing filled in . 
  damn , i thought they just skipped over it , but there really is n't a question . 
  i think danish territory also counts greenland and the faroe islands so it 's not technically `` small '' . 
  same reason why britain used to be the biggest nation on earth even though it just owned a bunch of stuff overseas . 
  i was curious what the german search results would be over here and i got `` so reich ? '', 
  i do n't know whether it 's asking why germany is so rich or if it 's alluding to other historical issues . 
  wait , what exactly did russia lose ? 
  the cold war ? 
  i mean sure , they lost a lot of territory in east europe and central asia , but was it really a loss if there was no real fighting between the nations ? 
  i googled `` why is romania ... '' and i ended up getting `` not in the olympics ? '', 
  i guess those four medals did n't mean anything . 
  i 'm surprised there was n't something similar with san marino and vatican city . 
  what can we say ? 
  there 's so many of us that it 's hard to keep track sometimes . 
  i know who you 're talking about now . 
  he 's our women 's gymnastics coach . 
  sorry , he just kinda slipped my mind . 
  i think that means fencing in english . 
  i ca n't think of a good word either , but i believe `` romanian & hungarian blood '' is a good substitute . 
  either way , thank you !, 
  hope your team does much better in tokyo !, 
  i watch it occasionally . 
  usually i get lucky enough to catch some of the important stuff , like ledecky breaking the world record . 
  have n't really seen much of romania though . 
  either way , women getting more medals is actually true . 
  and ledecky played a huge part in that . 
  if i remember , the women on team america scored about 116 . 
  could be more at this point , though . 
  i have n't watched in a couple of days . 
  our bonds are simply not great enough . 
  come mattk , together we can rise above europe !, 
  with mexico 's help , of course . 
  and we could throw a huge entrance party !, 
  american style , of course . 
  that solely depends on the type of hospital you go to , if you 're covered by your current country 's health insurance ( some foreign nations cover their citizens internationally ) and the state you 're in . 
  you missed the part where i mentioned that several organizations exist here to ensure that such a job and sponsorship exists , did n't you ? 
  or , you can always find an immigration lawyer to go through the tons of loopholes in our immigration system like many people do . 
  for example , let 's say you 're a married couple and your wife is pregnant . 
  you plan a two month long vacation in the united states and your wife gives birth on u.s. soil . 
  that alone is eligibility for a green card . 
  i know it 's not dissimilar from other developed nations . 
  but it 's not exactly difficult . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  if you can get a green card , you 're eligible for citizenship here . 
  and [ it can be pretty easy to get a green card ] ( http://www.alllaw.com/articles/nolo/us-immigration/can-you-get-green-card-eligibility-quiz.html ) and then the [ actual steps to citizenship ] ( http://www.alllaw.com/articles/nolo/us-immigration/who-is-eligible-become-naturalized-citizen.html ) are even easier . 
  and there are tons of places in the u.s. that can help you get citizenship if you 're having trouble . 
  plenty of organizations exist to ensure foreigners jobs in the u.s. so they can apply for green cards and work on the path to citizenship . 
  although , [ canadian immigration is about the same ] ( http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-visas.html ), 
  chicago gets half-credit because its pizza was made by sicilian mobsters . 
  i live in a state with a history of italian immigration so our pizza is phenomenal . 
  the mid-west has some crappy pizza , though . 
  no , no , it 's a great idea . 
  make everything the united states , as a matter of fact . 
  i prefer [ fallout 's version . 
  ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/fallout/images/7/7b/jes_commonwealths.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150711154933 ), 
  i mean clearly the vandals and goths were the best tribes . 
  they actually sacked rome a couple of times . 
  it got tired of being a small fortress that was ignored by the rest of the world , so it took over denmark and expanded . 
  at the same time , you should n't deny all the good things that happened either . 
  then you ca n't learn from the successes of the past ( equally as important ) . 
  history is a gray moral area and should be treated as such . 
  alright , i guess that makes sense . 
  i just misunderstood . 
  i tend to get pretty defensive over my love of history . 
  when i first put serious research into imperial germany , i thought it was incredibly interesting . 
  the first time german states had been unified since the holy roman empire and becoming a massive power in europe basically overnight . 
  i mean , it was a unified germany that was able to repel the invasions of napoleon iii under the north german confederation . 
  it was the german empire that had incredible initiative during the industrial era and the german empire which brought an end to napoleonic ideology in europe . 
  i just fail to see why being interested in any of that is necessarily wrong . 
  it 's not shameful to love history . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  i find austrian history to be rather interesting , especially the parts with the austrian empire and the union of austria-hungary . 
  well , it was the age of new imperialism . 
  pretty much all of europe was like that . 
  i do n't know if it 's something you should really be ashamed of . 
  it 'd be like france being ashamed of napoleon . 
  and yeah , i heard about those guys in my german class . 
  they 're definitely on the crazy side . 
  even my more hardcore right wing friends were disgusted by charlottesville . 
  it 's safe to say that most people do n't like nazis . 
  wait , do germans really put imperial germany and nazi germany in the same light ? 
  i figured germany , of all countries , would be able to make the distinction between the two . 
  imperial germany was n't even that bad . 
  wwi did n't really have a line for good guys or bad guys , it was just a matter of jingoism on both sides . 
  i can see how it would have been rarer in nc , va , and fl . 
  new hampshire ... 
  i figured it 'd be as common there as it is in nj . 
  but i guess not . 
  my parents always raised me with the idea that i did n't have to join their religion . 
  i was my own person with my own life , and could pursue whatever i wanted . 
  it 's only logical to give the same respect to my children .
