  we need rocket delivery of contraception, 
  ugh , that 's some really ugly postmodern crap we had this debate in my university and the rule of the thumb is no identical buidings except in extreme cases like bombings , try to blend the modernist and the local and only go full modernist if the place does n't have a real architectural value, 
  thanks , this is really some graph porn . 
  it is over or there are some groups to add ? 
  i prefer this , way more sensible, 
  shape is potato , church is not even in the right direction 3/10, 
  [ what you see is just the top of the hill ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ygql8yx.jpg ), 
  new desktop , thanks, 
  who 's the nazi against the juice now ? 
  someone should stop lithuanian imperialism !, 
  `` now get on the streets and stab some orange ! '', 
  \\* sigh \\*, 
  this is like the least interesting part of bologna, 
  same in italy, 
  this is probably a good opportunity to hire a better security expert, 
  when in europe do as the kaffir do, 
  this is even funnier considering vault7 is happening, 
  w-who should i believe ?? 
  it 's so hard these days, 
  i mean , they have den haag, 
  politics of the strongman . 
  a lot of people call for them ( in italy too ) his is the result, 
  the position of italian cities is completely wrong, 
  nice polders sweden, 
  someone with official looking is talking , who is him , and what is saying, 
  keep refreshing for maikel coomans , he should start again, 
  bring a machete, 
  dutch pot best pot, 
  no wonder the britons retire there, 
  they ca n't even afford data, 
  do n't you have albanians that produce weed like crazy ? 
  all other donalds including ducks are inferior, 
  i do n't have the data right now but yes , we do save a lot . 
  also we are very close to deflation that does n't help, 
  \\* sigh \\* damn northner slackers, 
  kleptocracy is no joke, 
  and overestimate it in italy ... 
  the data for italy is that almost everybody owns an house or more , but often ca n't rent it or have an income , also the house market is flatlined right now, 
  stupid sexy rich swiss man, 
  neverr, 
  early summer day here too . 
  global warming is no joke, 
  you have to know that is dark for half of the year and from cold to very cold . 
  if you come from a southern place it can be quite a hit, 
  * how *, 
  nah , it was because of his age ( he 's over 80 ) , they commuted his sentence in social services for the elderly . 
  what matters is that he ca n't be elected in any position, 
  feel the cron, 
  how , this flag looks awesome, 
   `` there were 160 of them and they all disappeared . 
  suddenly . 
  within five minutes , '' laura told the bbc . 
  impressive, 
  never , everyone knows that nords pillage and steal or women !, 
  holy crap the fire, 
  well , we are still talking of the country that is not ashamed of socks and sandals, 
   federica mogherini arrived in sarajevo yesterday , to meet with the state leaders . 
  they all spent 60 minutes agreeing with each other , and she complemented us on the progress made towards the eu , despite the current shitstorm going on in the parliament . 
  we got bamboozled ? 
  prepare to be assimilated in the eu . 
  resistance is futile . 
   the utterly unambiguous ideology and relentless approach towards extermination of undesirables is what still makes the nazis stand out as a stereotype of ` evil ' , and rightfully so imho . 
  as people who still support them nowadays, 
  those poor poor russian hotties !, 
  come to italy , we are not picky either, 
  the rest relegated themselves to being unemployed in chicago during the worst job market since the great depression rather than live in iowa . 
  this sounds hilariously bad, 
  aw , i wish i will come soon :(, 
  you really had to say that :\\ ^ ), 
   europe does n't have a problem with putting people in charge that are completely and totally incompetent . 
  * laughs *, 
  americans invented the skyscraper . 
  the legacy of art d\u00e9co in ny alone is amazing , like the chrisler building, 
  well it must be because i 'm an architect , but trust me , there 's much much more, 
  big cities, 
  some amazing architecture for me, 
  i also use it to clean my feet, 
  manual transmission fuck yeah !!, 
  [ like this ? 
  that is a very specific timespan, 
  lego man , that 's why they are so rich, 
  sorry but as a finnish coffee barbarian you are not allowed to have an opinion, 
  shit , they are onto us !, 
  i have a turkish coffee set and sometimes i do it , i think it 's an awesome alterntive for a good espresso, 
  what 's that thing ? 
  do n't . 
  fear is the mind-killer . 
  but then they would lose, 
  because, 
  [ not the bagelheads i know ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=bagelhead&amp;search=search ), 
  it 's like a 3d version of the economist strips, 
  ahah the tsipras one is really good, 
  to be honest i believe people likes to go there specifically , there are a ton of places much less cramped but people still go there . 
  i ' t the mall equivalent of beaches , with discos and all, 
  rimini , our `` commercial '' seaside, 
  that 's kind of harsh , every big city has squatters and its conflicts with police, 
  i knew it, 
  really ? 
  i lived in rdam for a while and i heard more often people speaking english than dutch, 
  no , turin,
