   just picture yourself with all the cheese you 'd ever want . 
  rubbing delicious camembert over your skin . 
  massaging your feet with emmentaler . 
  swimming through a sea of feta . 
  licking the roquefort until you feel that sensational tingling in your nipples . 
  stop , i can only get so erected, 
  same for us the dutch have started to take norwegian prisoners because their prisons were empty, 
  the three criteria are quite different to be honest, 
   thought it meant : `` fuck that , fuck you '' it does from now, 
  sure they are, 
  catuesday, 
  hahahaha, 
  holy developed region batman !, 
  the initial number is n't wrong , many places like mosul cheered when isis arrived because they were scared to death of shia influence, 
   things can go south overnight . 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  even in the occurrence she would be sent back almost immediatly, 
  there 's tartous in syria, 
  one year ago the area was a giant hole in the ground is the train station ready ? 
  language !, 
  south africa is better imho, 
  lol belganda also like the italian one with the colors of rome, 
  no you look like a mid-90s website, 
  so how 's the price of something norwegian vs something swedish ? 
  i wore nothing more than a t-shirt for all the vacation ... 
  i love nowegians, 
  how 's the summer ? 
  my nowegian friend said that last year was horrible the last time i came i had the luck to have a warm rainless vacation, 
   as a fellow kebab , i approve . 
  just came from sauna , am very hot . 
  and therefore very gorgeous, 
  who 's talking about nationality ? 
  i was being more precise :\\ ^ ), 
  karersee , south tyrol , * coff * italy , europe, 
  no news are good news, 
   ca n't relax on vacation because of the army on the streets with full automatic weapons you should be more relaxed because of that, 
  places like bologna and firenze are terribly hot during the summer , but at least you should have better weather today, 
  as a mother can confirm it 's naples, 
  the famous swiss big ben, 
  much mediterranean such stone, 
  italy too !, 
  their flag is red . 
  i think not !, 
  the greeks are smart enough to know that the situation would get even worse, 
  they are called germany for a reason, 
  very common in italy, 
  not in italy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_italy, 
  you have to note that 350 was an inflated number and the books were cooked, 
  he is backed by egypt and the sunni world in general , thingh could go south rapidly, 
  a lot of things will happen , so these opinions are useless right now, 
  not really , he has just become president and has a strong majority in parliament, 
  comment sections are trash everywhere, 
  i hope your situation will improve, 
  not many know how much the danish kroner is worth , it 's easier with the euro that has almost parity with the dollar, 
  i 'd say reasonably crowded, 
  for real , visiting the continent has become super cheap bless easyjet too, 
  can confirm terroni everywhere and it 's very dangerous , the last time i was there they almost killed me with their overabundant meals, 
  thanks for pushing immigration even here , you can go back in the_donald now, 
  so there 's more than red onions, 
  i kind of wish for some rain right now, 
  also in july ? 
  i believe there is a lot of unexpressed potential in the countries that were added in the last 15 years, 
  mint-flavored acqua, 
  pfffff liechtenstein is much better, 
  you can also tag and ignore them , they are trolls anyway, 
  i 'll tell the president to send help, 
  there is a lot of untaxed work and the situation is hard , i graduated in the middle of the crisis and i had to send hundreds of cv before i could find position . 
  it was the same for most of my friends , and many left italy . 
  nah , spain is a different country today , you can and will get much better, 
  so we are much worse than what the raw data show as i suspected :(, 
   spanish population is large and in result every 1 of 4 unemployed people in the eurozone is spanish !, 
  it ' s good that spanish economy is getting much better lately, 
  it 's not a grea idea to rent prime estates to agencies , it could be much more profitable rented for privates, 
  only if you misprint him upside-down, 
  nice mixture , i like it, 
  but i really want to love it !, 
  ( i actually had to take a ferry in a former job , this makes the post even funnier for me :d ), 
  is n't amsterdam is already super expensive to live ? 
  til, 
  they did n't have videogames, 
  basically inverted belgium, 
  here is a much comprehensive article http://www.repubblica.it/economia/finanza/2017/07/27/news/terna_risultati_semestre-171761269/  milan - new historical record for the production of electricity from renewable sources in italy : on may 21 , the combined effect of hydro , solar and wind power reached 87 percent of the total . 
  demonstrating how the energy transition from fossil fuels to green sources goes faster than forecasts and is irreversible . 
  previously , peaks to 100 percent of renewable production had been touched , but limited to sicily . 
  while abroad , countries such as scotland and denmark have established production records for a single day with bows reaching to close to 120 percent . 
  the new italian record was announced by terna , the company that runs the high voltage national network . 
  the managing director of the public-controlled group , luigi ferraris , told us during the meeting with the financial community for the presentation of the accounts for the first six months of the year . 
  `` the market - he said - is changing very fast and we need to add investments '' to cope both with the decline of traditional plants and the occurrence of `` extreme climatic conditions '' . 
  a clear plan for new investments will be announced in the coming months . 
  the manager refers to the closure of a large group of power plants over the last few years , fueled mainly by fuel and coal ( and only partly by gas ) . 
  these are old and no longer economically efficient plants , driven out of the market by renewables and the new co2 emission limits . 
  from 2012 to 2016 , power availability installed in italy has dropped by 15 gigawatts and only in the first six months of the current year another 900 megawatts . 
  this means that the weight of production is shifting more and more to the green energies , which by their nature are intermittent ( solar does not work at night , wind can drop in intensity ) : that is why terna must ensure the balance of the network ( in practice , avoid voltage drops and blackouts ) . 
  and how ? 
  strengthening infrastructure , making it more efficient and enhancing intelligent networks . 
  in addition to having storage systems that store the excess energy to use then when the renewable production drops . 
  coming to the half-year accounts , terna closed with net income growth and stable revenues for terna in the first half . 
  the company closed the first six months of the year with a positive net result of 351.3 million euro ( + 8.2 % ) and substantially stable revenues at 1,046.9 million ( + 0.7 % ) . 
  operating costs totaled $ 252.1 million , down 10.8 million euros compared to the first half of 2016 ( -4.1 % ) . 
  net financial expenses amounted to $ 39.6 million , an increase of $ 3.4 million compared with $ 36.2 million in the first half of 2016 .
