  he felt that the island was helping foreign villains hide stolen wealth , and wanted no part of it . 
  besides , the business seemed to be doing as much harm as good to jersey itself . 
   i , for one , wecome the fall of tax heaveans, 
   but what surprises me is that they did n't think of building a sovereign fund or something similar for when times get rough i believe the norway case in almost unique , it requires a lot of wisdom not to badly invest in something that becomes a burden or just waste the money ... 
  lithania is that name for eastern poland right ? 
  i believe we should invest there then, 
  yeah , but still no real separatism here , we do n't have a catalunya like situation anywhere, 
  honestly who is going to attack ireland ? 
  iceland ? 
  i too prefer seinen , but consider this is a relaxing parody of the combat shonen genre and can be brilliant, 
  does n't matter , had sex, 
  now that is a tifu, 
  haha is good to enjoy such good services with our taxation ... oh :(, 
  but mostly cringy, 
  watch the anime then , it 's pretty much identical in every scene, 
  `` uh oh what did we do wrong this time ? '', 
  it 's wacky good . 
  i prefer the manga tho, 
  short five !, 
  hehe i 'm not surprised to see this article from a fellow genovese, 
  [ here 's a video of the project ] ( https://vimeo.com/49828384 ), 
  i 'm not surprised, 
  you mocked him , but he was the bullshit power that kept the balance in the force . 
  now there will be only war, 
  `` he 's not the hero europe deserves , but the one it needs right now '', 
  trigger warning pls, 
  so you love good pasta because you 're hungary ? 
  you forgot '' ... holy his name '', 
  thanks bro . 
  sorry for the invasion, 
  someone loves history , culture and art, 
  i found one in the duty free in stockholm airport once , are you absolutely sure ? 
  is designed to help the economy move, 
  also stellarators would be a lot cheaper if functional . 
  this is what happens when you close / r/fatpeoplehate, 
  the beer and pants , why, 
  why czechia and slovakia are so different ? 
  lowest level since 2012 for italy !, 
  still bad tho, 
  `` gg no re '' `` must be some sort of secret code '', 
  i 'm talking of our own countries, 
  if you ca n't beat them , join them / waits for changing sides jokes, 
  ... and it 's actually working . 
  so we should do the same, 
  best kind of death, 
  do n't say this too loud , conspiratards are everywhere, 
  teenagers are not adults , they can be easily manipulated . 
  i feel sorry for someone who did just one very wrong choice so early, 
  wtf , who did a wikipedia page for every one of them, 
  everything is huge, 
       edit : i think i found why it 's so expensive http://tour.lrs.lt/ . 
  next level . 
  i doubt this is actuallty useful , but at least it 's nice, 
  can confirm it was early summer in italy too until today , 22 \u00b0 by day and last swim in the sea last week, 
  `` it 's a prank bro ! '', 
  fuuuuuuuuck that moving bridge sure is scary !, 
  when the ludicrous large telescope ? 
   absurdly russo-phobic by polish standards . 
  litterally anti-stalin so ? 
  why do n't norwegians brew their own beer ? 
  self brewing is becoming very popular in italy, 
  in the last ten year cosa nostra is disappearing , ` ndrangheta is becoming a super corporation, 
  why is n't this topic pinned on top ? 
  haha you wish sachertorte, 
  ok for me, 
   tax on ice-cream pure evil, 
  the erasmus italian student died today :(, 
  unsurprising considering moldova is a failed state, 
  i 'm not surprised poles and americans flirt so much, 
  it 's very hard to give an imprinting to military/state buildings because of strict regulation of secrecy etc. 
  they just went to `` patternism '' that was the only way to camouflage a big block of reinforced concrete, 
  thanks !, 
  who 's the architect ? 
  where bosnians go ? 
  cheap dentists, 
  sounds like everywhere, 
  quality of life is very high tho , so who cares, 
  otherkins would like to have a word with you, 
  they do n't even try anymore , they just focus shooting each other and the premier, 
  we use reapers to patrol the mediterrean, 
  it is indeed a very warm autumn , i was able to go to swim in the sea until the last week , and i do n't even live in southern italy, 
  looks like a logo for a graveyard society, 
  nightmare fuel, 
  also known as `` the smelly castel coat of arms '', 
  but do you have bacalau ? 
  you invested all your money in a state fund and not ferraris , you are doing pretty well imho, 
  il tooks x10 big compared to the surrounding mountains , awesome, 
  are there new improvement that could be done in the next prototypes ? 
  iirc the model was designed by a computer in 1996 , could the improved capacity of supercomputers be useful in the future ? 
  a yearly variation would be nice, 
  you are right , it 's not fair for hitler, 
  not so tough decision, 
  \u041b\u0443\u043d\u0430 is rightfully russian clay !, 
  even better, 
  is this the swamp german version of `` u wot m8 '' ? 
  tricolors are just boring to me, 
  if you splash them a lot they could catch a cold, 
  yet the law is stagnant in the parliament . . 
  here , [ put on this first ] ( http://i.imgur.com/spbjngk.png ), 
  they would just answer `` what ? '',
