  gobble gobble ** one of us !, 
  fight me, 
  nsfw, 
  i hope you are joking , rome is famous for its infamous roads, 
  they do n't if you design the building specifically for the function and if you trim the vegetation constantly, 
  my first guess is never my second guess is never, 
  the same could be said of the ever cycling dutch ... 
  [ i 'd say two thousand ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/74/fasces_lictoriae.svg/500px-fasces_lictoriae.svg.png ), 
  silly you , there 's no kangaroos in italy , the ones we find trespass from austria, 
  ironic, 
  hey dutchies , want some spare fyra train ? 
  very cheap yes , but no taking back !, 
  will get for sure, 
  i think the whole concept would give the americans an heart attack :d, 
  til i discovered we have a bastard coal plant in italy http://globalenergyobservatory.org/geoid/43725, 
  [ there 's a picture of the happening ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hr0uy7x.jpg ), 
  i know serbia very well , my so for many years was serbian and she had no problems with the albanians . 
  ignorant people is the same everywhere, 
  assetto corsa is italian iirc, 
  not if we buy the original game, 
  i wish italy did n't suck in the game industry :(, 
  we have a ps3 emulator now , eventually we will get it, 
  poor mexico :(, 
  they are my friends , we harvest organs together, 
  i have at least three albanian friends in italy . . 
  rich of iron !, 
  the authorities updated the number to nine https://twitter.com/reuters/status/848901569655574528, 
  terrible , i hope the number wo n't get higher, 
  in the 80 ' and 90 ' , not anymore :(, 
  they are the coolest in place , no doubt, 
   at the time , a defiant mr maddox said that if it was too expensive to repair the car he would buy a replacement - in lime green . 
  this guy, 
  well they created saudade, 
  well it 's a good measure to see what representatives should be supported depending on their opinion on the issue, 
  preventing terrorism is just an excuse , switching from an analogical communication to a digital ecrypted one cuts off any intelligence , they just want to regain a grip on the communication despite a much more pacific times, 
  the salafi spreading did n't come from thin air , there 's some countries that are actively financing it, 
  there 's plenty of stuff to do in genova and nearby . 
  visit the rolli palacies , the historical center , the lantern , the very romantic spianata castelletto , the park in genova nervi , and for a daily trip go visit portofino , cinque terre or camogli . 
  enjoy your stay, 
  expensivish , it 's much better stay in santa margherita or camogli that is as much nice, 
  yup, 
  yeah , they really want you not to use the car there , but the coast is wonderful if you have a bike , and no problems of parking . 
  there 's also a bus that goes back and forth all day, 
  the rest of the place is as beautiful [ photo ] ( http://www.ultimavoce.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/portofino-in-italia.jpg ) i live a few km from there, 
  thanks for the exhaustive answer, 
   edward n. luttwak is a senior associate for the center for strategic and international studies . 
  he has served in the u.s. as a consultant to the office of the secretary of defense , the national security council , the u.s. department of state , the u.s. army , navy and air force . 
  he also has advised a number of allied governments as well as international corporations and financial institutions . 
  it seems a pretty solid source to me, 
  what do you mean with fiscal space ? 
  i could n't fathom, 
  at least they border the ocean, 
  big if true, 
  i tried it , it even has a spongy ball inside to keep the foam ( i guess ) . 
  not the same thing ofc, 
  also fiat moved its fiscal place to nl and fused with chrisler, 
  i expected to be higher to be honest , the made in italy is so obsessed in the peninsula that one would think is the most precious thing we have, 
  consume of oil and coal is n't getting bigger , we are shifting how our economy work tthat is the better thing to avoid these dependancies in the first place, 
  and it works damn good in both cases, 
  * eagle screeching in the distance *, 
  bunkers will be destroyed by bunker-buster bombs ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ anarquistos, 
  well we are a wealthy country by any definition a very inefficient , complicated and unreliable one , but wealthy nonetheless, 
  is this the map of those who answer with honesty at polls ? 
  heavy accent but no mistakes in italian really impressive, 
  it was a pretty bad conspiracy if the members have to go suicide without even a gun, 
  one should think we have a better sense for fashion, 
   krambambula is an alcoholic mix drink or cocktail that typically consists of red wine and various kinds of liquor , including gin , vodka , or rum . 
  mmmh i 'm not totally convinced , but i should try it first, 
  ooops, 
  i 'll ask the french : is declaring this helping or damaging her candidacy ? 
  they know their target, 
  it 's a self-sustaining cycle really, 
  verdamm - i mean accidenti !, 
  he would be integral pasta then, 
  we should form a nazi union, 
  eh , do n't jinx it, 
  they act like an opposition force that is gradually becoming a party , during the mayor elections in rome they even called ( i shit you not ) for a conspiracy that was going to make them win, 
  sd are undergoing a full balkanization right now , it is not clear how they will reunite, 
  this group of buffoons are the first party by consensus right now , the situation is dire . 
  some people just want to see the world burn, 
  his son died riding his bike in a crach iirc, 
  `` the brown throne '', 
  thanks , it 's very interesting an external point of view, 
  you know it 's bad when you need two levels of zoom, 
  a french will celebrate when the uk will ask to leave the union ? 
  ca n't be a coincidence, 
  remain calm when the secret food police will get you, 
  we are not big smokers , and coffee is actually good for health, 
  campania , where stereotypes become real / s but yes , there was a huge operation and a lot of people were arrested , so good i guess, 
  most are registered , but they disappear because they want to live in other countries like france or germany, 
  all the other routes are closed and the pact with lybia is terribly inefficient help, 
  and what do they have in common ? 
  they are against pizza with pineapple, 
  / r/italyphotos / r/italy, 
  `` who would have known ? '', 
  aw no , we taste terrible, 
  / r/prequelmemes is leaking, 
  i ca n't tell anymore, 
  i believe it 's ubiquitous , we have it in italy too, 
  i know you are joking but the etymology is sylva arboris bellis , a oak wood,
