  i expected more, 
  something is moving with the last government , but there 's not much you can do if the average wage for a software developer is 1800 $ in milan and 5000 in london ... 
  yeah , that 's worse every year at least three of my friends moved this year ( sweden , england , usa ), 
  is this the russian version of the onion right ? 
  this ca n't be serious, 
  i can see hotel jugoslavia in the middle of nothing :d now that area is novi beograd and has a lot of buildings, 
  it 's like he does n't give a fuck anymore, 
  aww it 's such romantic, 
  litterally impossible to do a prediction fuck , i could n't even be sure for the next five years, 
  `` be welcoming '', 
  this is partly sincere concern ( our coasts are becoming a graveyard ) partly alignment to what the church and the pope are saying since a long time, 
  things are getting worse unfortunately, 
       personally , i much prefer this one   from the weimar republic haha it looks ripped, 
  good journalism , how to make a fight of two 12 years old kids into a shitfest for religious intolerance and immigration, 
  poor foxes, 
  sooooo soviet reunion ? 
  something something revise trianon ? 
  the dude has a lot to give in the coming years, 
  oh god please no, 
  * first step : print money with my face on it * second step : peg forcibly the value to norwegian kroner * third step : profit, 
  it was a fortified harbour, 
  after just seven year of deficit !, 
  what an amazing performance :d, 
   0.3 % quarter in italy ehm hooray ? 
  yet it is a problem if the average citizen becomes much much older, 
  balkans , that 's why, 
  brb buyin ' a plane ticket, 
  hawt, 
  meh , data is old ... ok , * maaaaaybe * have a little problem following the rules, 
  i start to understand how he is so much rich, 
  maybe it 's just where i live , it 's plenty of germans in summer so they adapted . 
  i still love to be able to drink a stortebeker and eat bratwurst in every period of the year :d, 
  german food and pubs are very popular in italy, 
  this is just awesome, 
  got ta spend the unlimited money they make somewhere, 
   i post there regularly , it 's crazyland there . 
  most of them are n't actually russians , ` russians ' who are kids of parents who immigrated to the west or the crazy rt/sputnik-reading russo ` philes ' . 
  it 's a strange phenomenon , but it can be observed in almost all immigrant groups : the children of the first-gen immigrants get a distorted view of their homeland and often become jingoistic . 
  this remind me the angry european kids who leave to join isis , it is indeed an interesting phenomenon, 
  [ you have to walk ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cj65k3f.jpg ) [ bonus picture for the altar ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wguxfdc.jpg ), 
  not if the zombies fall from the cliff above, 
  1 . stone by stone 2 . havens are intended to be inaccessible, 
  til nato hq was in naples, 
   jarl of r\u00f6vtr\u00e4sk jarldom , ragnar l\u00e5ngballe , found joyriding government longboat with vietnamese hookers . 
  corruption charges expected . 
      i can only read ragnar longballs, 
  five arrested , fifty identified, 
  become rich be killed, 
  if done correctly it could be a big gain for investments, 
  ... and most certanly covered with an arson insurance, 
  it was mostly a peaceful march but ~ 300 black bloc came there just for rioting, 
  til, 
  damn italians taking albanian jobs !, 
  calm down obelix, 
  argentina totally part of europe , amright ? 
  why not just open a bank there ? 
  a / r/europe sponsor for the state would be awesome , or we can print our own flag and declare invasion, 
  italian * - a caregiver ( old population ) * - a wedding ( super pompous itaian weddings ) * - a carpooling, 
  this makes you sad ? 
  same as italy, 
  could the global warming be a plot by the nordics ? 
  we should investigate ... 
  calm down burgerhands or you 'll get a stroke, 
  get a flair m8, 
  only if you manage to dethrone germany , then it 's all yours, 
  economists hate them !, 
  i ( we ? ), 
  find your insight from russia extremely interesting , please keep us informed, 
  rolls out of the tongue, 
  the `` bigger than yer mum '' telescope, 
  [ too late ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/16/american-claim-africa-science-jeremiah-heaton-egypt-sudan ), 
  he looks half vampire to me, 
  thanks , i needed some optimism . 
  people forgets that things generally gets better , not worse, 
  basically roman empire 2.0, 
  yup, 
  big and stronk, 
  at least now there is someone who fix things ... 
  yeah , fuck romans , they invaded us etrurians in x century bc , fuck them, 
  atlantis is cool, 
  fucking san marino man i hate geographical holes, 
  will we be able to tackle our debt and usual problems ? 
  apparently no :(, 
  i do n't know how is this possible with your unemployment . 
  maybe it 's just us that we will fuck up so greatly with our gigantic debt, 
  the ssr has one of the most badass flag !, 
  blasfemic swearing is extremely common in italy , they always tried to put a limit on it, 
  summer is coming ... 
  duh of couse , most of french are muslim now , they would n't oppose themselves !, 
  / s we have indeed a problem of prejudice in italy , it 's well known, 
  now i want a quokka, 
  i 'm more worried with the netherlands honestly, 
  thanks for the nightmares, 
  it is now seeing his party collapse, 
       this . 
    it is said you only become a man after you get to see the inside of a party van . 
  i 've seen it when i was 16 . 
  my ribs hurt for a week after that . 
  haha , what 's your backstory ? 
  i do n't know what that means , but sounds bad,
