  * piange *, 
  what 's the emoji to euro conversion ? 
  maps are the shit, 
  to be honest this is a cornerstone in the program of the government . 
  they said they were there for the reforms package , if it 's refused they wo n't make sense as a government anymore, 
   risk of getting a stupid government . 
  no such risks for estonia . 
  to be honest every country risks that, 
  perfect climate if you are a willow, 
  helicopter money in 3 ... 2 ... 1, 
  they wanted the beaches, 
  wtf , same . 
  did one of them had a single leg ? 
  it is probably cheaper for the society in the long run, 
  nowadays it 's hard to find countries who want to waste billions for prestige, 
  i 'm still surprised of how they managed well torino 2006 , they almost even the balance also !, 
  i wonder if it is possible for other countries to send its prisoner there ( paying for that of course ) . 
  often our criminals say they make a lot of connctions behind the bars , there it would n't be possible, 
  yes , i often mistake a lot of users as monegasque, 
  do you kiss your mother with that mouth ? 
  the day after the brexit milan 's mayor submitted the city as a candidate http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-agencies-idukkcn0zl1pe it will be a struggle, 
  this one weird trick made germany rich !, 
  economists hate it !, 
  you are a terrible grandchild if you let your grandma live there and you can get her something better, 
  k , but please no stab, 
  23800 $ in italy, 
  thank you very much !, 
  seismic activity is no problem fam, 
  all your agencies are belong to us, 
  the best kind of death, 
  slightly ot , but the source keeps using the term unemployed persons , should n't people be more correct ? 
  genuine question , i do n't know, 
  i wolud watch all day an anime about terrorists, 
  in italy sometimes they find police offices with mussolini 's face, 
  finally someone with sense, 
  polan is a tyrell, 
  i wonder how tall sudanese would be with adequate nutrition, 
  mmmmmmh kroketten, 
  ah , yes , the famous ppf factor, 
  after that we should find a nearby star and call it europa too, 
  quitaly is much better, 
  as someone who loves to go to czechia , yes please !, 
  i 'm not sure about insulation , but spain is pretty good for solar panel diffusion https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solar_energy_in_the_european_union, 
  meh , we survived worse, 
  we pay our electricity a lot , we have to, 
  [ full report ] ( http://aceee.org/press/2016/07/germany-italy-and-japan-top-world ), 
  if no middle class can afford to go to the best universities that grant the best jobs can it be considered a caste inducing environment ? 
  if this goes like brexit we are fucked then, 
  litterally the best aggregator around where will i get my linux distros now, 
  all the answers combined, 
  i smell autocad, 
  bad time to be a cosplayer, 
  dude , that is a common mistake , if you 're not in japan then is not a ninja, 
  pity , perfect time for fire type, 
  the ceo would say it event today beacause it 's in his interest, 
  eurovision has prestige ? 
  welcome romanbros !, 
  i need that in my pc, 
  culture gets you fucked , gotcha :(, 
   satire, 
  you know this picture is old when finland still has cellphones, 
  sunless sealess industrial dystopia devoid of joy, 
  they are still extracting the bodies ( 20 + now :( ) but it 's pretty clear that the trains never brake, 
  yes but we are tired of them, 
  it was a single track line, 
  well they built a new airport in ukraine and see how bad it is now !, 
  we did the same with renzi three yeas ago, 
  what about liberia ? 
  they beat us in the penalities, 
  intriguing i would say, 
  poland can into athletics, 
  reddit is centered on comments , so at least there is a try to regulate how it works, 
  no horns ? 
  what is this , why is this, 
  politicians payout ? 
  yes , we are finally not the clowns of europe politics anymore, 
  yes and no . 
  their protests are rightful , but they change the opinion every time the tide change , they are very populist still, 
  my only hope is that this will cool down other countries to do similar stupid moves, 
  more like brejection at this point, 
  feel ya, 
   aside from farage , who is obviously grinning from ear to ear . 
  for now anyway . 
  imho his victory is his end , now he has no program for a populist approval , what will he promise to the electorate ? 
  no adblock too * shakes head *, 
  it 's like no one counted the implication . 
  cameron has lost , boris has lost , corbyn and half of the labour has lost , [ the uk has lost a lot and potentially could lose its kingdoms ] ( http://i.imgur.com/urjkfuv.jpg ) , the eu has lost not being to present itself as a positive force , the english country redneck have lost a lot . 
  murdoch won . 
  every day i lose some faith in humanity honestly, 
  it was just a little banter :(, 
  this time to catch him they had to arrange the meal , a prostitute , a priest , a donkey , a mandolin and berlusconi had to come personally, 
  this is actually big, 
  i 'm glad he 's famous out of italy, 
  can sadly confirm :(, 
  is the sun a daily star ? 
  * dramatic music *, 
  keeping the ass clean with the tongue, 
  the guy must be so confused :d, 
   ~ ~ well done ! ~ ~ wunderbar !, 
  you live up your name,
