  slow growth is fine as long as you are full occupation , the problem of usa is mostly linked about cost of living services ( health , education ) that are becoming unsustainable for part of the population, 
  it 's considered kind of a drama to grow below 7 % there now , they used to grow 15 % at peak, 
  we who , malta ? 
  somebody send help to norway and switzerland, 
  until they maul you, 
  portugal , so hot right now, 
  please get in the queue, 
  looks more figs than watermelons, 
  the germans are mastering humor now , soon they will conquer the world, 
   according to the newspaper , the man , who was driving an suv , tried several times to drive at the worshippers outside the mosque but was prevented by the high pavement and barriers . 
  some people really are not fit for terrorism glad nobody got hurt, 
  yes , but who will get french girls ? 
  poor serbian women being oppressed , please send them here, 
  did you visited rotterdam recently ? 
  the city has become wonderful, 
  it was one of richest cities in the reinassance , my advice is watch a documentary and judge yourself, 
  we are having a residential and population deflation right now , and genova as a big harbour has been historically cheap, 
  you can start from 500-600 $, 
  i should have worded differently , i am an expert of technicians, 
  let 's go 70 km/h in the city centre with a tank , what could go wrong ? 
  reading this i realise that people barely diverge from san marco square . 
  venice has a big park where they do the biennale, 
  they are the biggest weed producers http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/cannabis-italy-army-medical-marijuana-italian-military-produces-best-quality-weed-a7156176.html, 
  that is a urban legend that reddit keeps telling, 
  this is kind of scary if that is how they manage the plant ... 
  til i 'm an expert technician, 
  first they invent the internet and now this ? 
  the us truly is on roll !, 
  come to genoa , it 's cheap and we have the largest historic centre of europe http://www.visitgenoa.it/en/discover-largest-historic-centre-europe-themed-itineraries-drawn-our-guides , 
  while that is stupid high you could have said no, 
  lazy northerners ca n't even make trains leave on time, 
  our high speed lines are some of the best , the other trains not so much ... 
  the edinburgh one folds in another dimension ? 
  nordick also accepted ? 
  ja , put it in my lube-ck !, 
  why are sweden and finland purple ? 
  it 's a nod to the mighty europeen ? 
  do n't jinx it please, 
  `` papers please ! '', 
  it 's quite old now, 
  have you ever seen people who leave jeovah witness or scientology ? 
  it 's not different, 
  one year ago, 
  sure , we will send the fighters to uuuuhhm `` guard '' bulgaria . 
  nothing suspicious here !, 
  this is very nice , when i fly from that airport i generally bring some pesto to gift, 
  i hope not like jaegerbombs, 
  one should always hope :(, 
  thank you , i really hope they will be used wisely, 
  `` hey , how can we make the passport as much american as we can ? '', 
  i bet her younger sister was more loved, 
  there is something uncanny in him , maybe the ears ? 
  alexadrception, 
  because fasces , that 's why, 
  `` sorry greece , your country is being heavily downvoted '', 
  it still lives forever in / r/place, 
  now that 's what i call shitposting, 
  too many mosquitos sadly, 
  goddamn japanese, 
  indeed, 
  such a good news , 
  we definitely have a national arms http://www.ngw.nl/heraldrywiki/index.php?title=national_arms_of_italy, 
  something something fascism, 
  never heard, 
  in italy potato is a slang for pussy, 
  and spotify, 
  now that 's two celebrations you do n't see usually combined, 
  decommissioning a nuclear enything is such a mess and a cost for everyone : / i remember seeing a documentary about decommissioning of german reactors , it was so expensive, 
  that 's / r/europe 's / r/murica, 
  we need a new crusade against you barbarians, 
  isis wo n't reach the end of the year , they are retaliating as hard as they can, 
  do n't post pictures that trigger the dutch, 
  poor megafauna :(, 
  thanks for bringing back smallpox, 
  it 's a good moment for belgium to attack, 
  duh , they are a self-driving company, 
  well it 's agenda and counteragenda from the same source , so ... 
  when in doubt , blame eu, 
  modernism in a nutshell, 
  why is he so disliked by spaniards ? 
  i never realized that mallorca has such a tall mountains, 
  he 's not a rookie , he won the nobel equivalent for math, 
  we are kind of bigger, 
  what the hell, 
  i absolutely love that bridge , haters gon na hate, 
  the architect is spanish, 
  the realised building is ( almost ) as good as the renders http://i.imgur.com/ll1yhfc.jpg, 
  i 'm still sad that the chicago spire was cancelled, 
  no idea , sorry, 
  imho this is his best work, 
  their main factory is by the highway to bologna , it 's almost a landmark, 
  the same treaties manage to let you move , live and work freely in the eu , they sure help to feel european, 
  this kind of demonstrate why most of you never felt european ... 
  we applyied in 2009 , i do n't know why we are not included, 
  it 's more a matter of lobbying of the fishing industries, 
  yup, 
  france , dislikes eu but votes enthusiastically for the most europeist president and government ok ... 
  westeros does n't count, 
  he 's smart , he panders both the east and the west like lukashenko, 
  dude do n't feed the troll,
