we are n't even allowed by law to test new laws on constitutionality in the netherlands . 
  i find it strange that we are all up in arms over this constitutional court here on / r/europe . 
  we do n't even have one . 
  someone care to fill me in why this constitutional court is even of importance ? 
  can anyone give me a general break down on the biggest parties involved in the race and what their current hot topics are ? 
  what a guy !, 
  this map is old and outdated . 
  glad to hear that , the irish have suffered through tough budget cuts , implemented harsh fiscal policies and recapitalized their banks properly . 
  honestly the poster child for post euro zone crisis recovery . 
  and why exactly are n't we discussing sealing the external borders ? 
  maybe i am missing something but why exactly is n't frontex combating the eastern mediterranean route of migration more ? 
  i get that there are issues with nationals that are already here but suspending schengen to deal with it currently feels more like to try to empty the ocean with a thimble . 
  i want to visit this paris instead of the current one . 
  someone get this hothead outta here, 
  yeah added him too but he did n't accept it yet . 
  i 'd love to join . 
  breathtaking . 
  so the teal people were a real seperate genetic entity . 
  looks like the caucasian wives theory just increased in strength . 
  because huns , magyars ( or whoever was the primary language carrier ) were all steppe invaders and like all steppe invaders prior were highly mobile , pastoral-nomadic , patriarchal , war-like peoples . 
  these warrior cultures would conquer a population and act as their ruling nobility akin to baltic germans in livonia . 
  the local population was really similar to the ones living there now , the genetic continuity is pretty strong . 
  culture and language changed pretty quickly yet peasant populations not so much . 
  the east asian component in hungarians is e even lower than in some parts of sweden . 
  hooray it 's haplopleb time . 
  haplogroups are useful as markers that serve to detect migration patterns , yet however they say very little about actual genetic structure . 
  now autosomal dna in itself is frameable as you like but if you follow anthropology blogs a bit lately you notice there are three main constituent groups for european genetics . 
  early european farmers , western hunter gatherers and ancient north eurasians . 
  to see how european populations look like in that regard see here : http://imgur.com/d6qsg8h, 
  thanks for the information , how frequently and often do you consume meat and/or animal products ? 
  iirc poles consume more mushrooms , onions , red beets and garlic . 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  like known by dietary science , higher intake of animal protein leads to higher cardiovascular problems . 
  on the other hand , consumption of leafy green , red beets , nuts , whole grains , onions and garlic among others . 
  animal products have the opposite effect . 
  as much as i love visiting czechia and hungary , i know that their diet makes a lot of use of animal products . 
  on the other hand we in the netherlands consume large amounts of whole grain bread on a daily basis like for breakfast for example - far healthier than sausages or eggs in the morning . 
  most of it is conjecture though since it 's all in a large complex dietary framework , if you are from the red zone - please tell me more about your average national diet . 
  good but i still think we have a long way to go . 
  maybe someone with knowledge of sustainability can fill me in here on the exact numbers but we are still living at bizarrely unsustainable levels in europe . 
  neither are you , yet here you are . 
  depends on the contents , if it was stolen from the polish state then sure . 
  i highly doubt it was german gold flowing inwards to poland . 
  sorry i did n't want to get involved in this entire discusssion but this post was simply too dumb to ignore . 
  plc 's grain and textile trade made it far richer and developed than either ireland , norway , northern germany , etc. 
  all western european countries . 
  see it this way , experts/professors teach to students/journalists . 
  they take away the main story and forgo the exact details . 
  those again talk to their parents/friends/media consumers/etc . 
  and they receive a partial or already more obfuscated story with the major sticking points ( omg chorine chicken ) . 
  finally this finds its way to conversation between people who usually do n't give a fuck and you have an abstracted conversation about ttip bringing up only the most exceptional/dramatic points , which most likely causes outrage ( people love getting outraged ) . 
  this is not so much a problem with ttip critics specifically but just information transfer in general . 
  easier said than done , but cap policy is generally made by the ` iron triangle ' which consists of agriculture ministers , agriculture officials in the commission and european-level farming interest groups ( which happen to be well organised in process ) . 
  all of these are somewhat unlikely to drift towards reforms as their core electorate/representative group does not desire that , only occasionally when there is a window of opportunity due to social - ( think environmental awareness ) , political ( gatt 1987 negotiations ) and economic ( think crisis ) change can the finance ministers come together collectively and make some proper reforms . 
  luckily nowadays the ep has influence on cap legislation and the ep is more likely opposed to further increasing the cap waste - it would rather decrease it . 
  you mean that divided territory that was annexed from poland to czechoslovakia in 1919 ? 
  yeah that definitely was justified . 
  its da rossijans !!!!!!, 
  thank you for the elaborate answer , what a fascinating development . 
  i really need to brush up on my knowledge of macroeconomic policy . 
  is the lack of need of further loans due to a sensible fiscal position or has tax revenue just been unexpectedly high due to the recovering world economy ? 
  regardless i am happy to hear that , i hope we follow suit in the netherlands . 
  one can be the property of the other , invasion might be done through illegal immigration . 
  it was called the migration period for a reason , these people did not respect territorial agreements ( whether the disagreements were justified is a different story ) and migrated southward . 
  under alaric i for example they both migrated and invaded . 
  cda centre right ? 
  are you guys kidding me ? 
  they are merely pandering to populist and anti migrant sentiment - they wo n't adhere to any of it post-election . 
  i 'd sooner call them center left than center right . 
  t. former cda voter, 
  you literally responded to a post that displayed they have the lowest unemployment rate of any ethnic group in the netherlands . 
  guess this is imax level of projecting as you sound as dull as a sack of bricks and you are probably on the dole yourself . 
  fake news, 
  christianity is a fundamental part of our western history and identity . 
  you do n't have to be religious to see the value of traditions and institutions and likewise the need to maintain them and to hold them in high regard . 
  on erasmus exchange the germans had to endure this shit left and right . 
  every party or drinking occasion it is the same shit over and over again . 
  i saw the expression of my german housemates they 're just tired of the same old same old . 
  there is plenty to both love and hate about your country but can we please recognize that germany does not revolve around these few decades . 
  i 've heard this claim a lot but outside of some ( non-scientific ) journalistic outlets i have seen no substantiated evidence or numbers for this . 
  do you happen to know any ? 
  reading something like this ( while generally i feel like its a good thing ) raises so many questions though . 
  is the freedom to smoke more important than collectively worsening our health ? 
  not just from an altruistic point of view but also from a selfish one - treatment for cancer is expensive and probably causes premiums to rise due to effects of smoking . 
  otoh , where do we stop ? 
  will we ban fast food or alcohol next ? 
  delet this, 
  not to get involved on the substance but i just have to bring something to attention . 
  you treat christianity as a uniform religion with agreed upon scripture . 
  however do n't forget that it is a highly discussed , contentious and disagreed upon subject . 
  the mere fact that there are more denominations/interpretations of christianity than there are inhabitants of a micro nation like san marino means you ca n't just generalize two millenniums of theology . 
  like previously mentioned in the chain , even the first disciples disagreed on matters . 
  i 've only begun diving into augustine recently and slowly became to understand how the situation came to be ( in part ) as it is now . 
  i think you ca n't paint a complex topic like this with such broad strokes . 
  just my 0.02 . 
  ` anyone i do n't like is a conspiracy of opposition ' you have n't provided evidence . 
  you are losing the argument . 
  anti-wikileakers always lose the argument because they are mindless media parroting sheep . 
  as much as i dislike the guy and i really hope he loses , this is the type of opposition i hate . 
  address his positions and ideas , hell even his trustworthiness or track record .
