  the middle east in general seems very reluctant to move towards a western-style democracy and to me it 's not something that can be forced on a population, 
  pretty much , from the earnshaws infants department in 1918  the generally accepted rule is pink for the boys , and blue for the girls . 
  the reason is that pink , being a more decided and stronger color , is more suitable for the boy , while blue , which is more delicate and dainty , is prettier for the girl . 
  not professional in the sense of suit and tie but they 're frontline staff and would be expected to wear a uniform as they 're the only representative of the company people normally see . 
  like if you walked into a big supermarket chain and the attendants were wearing tracksuits , hot pants etc it would look bad on the company would n't it ? 
  if it 's a small independent shop then whatever , but bigger companies usually require some kind of uniformity . 
  she cut investment but investment should n't be everlasting either . 
  pro nuclear though which is far more effective than solar and wind, 
   citation needed ? 
  if you 're telling me nobody recognizes the dow jones ( or hell , even xinhua news ) i do n't know what to tell you . 
  i did not say nobody recognises it . 
  i said that the gfci is more widely recognised because they have been active longer and are still active . 
   i rather imagine that 's because you 're only looking at the wikipedia article . 
  please , find me a link to their rankings as of 2016 or 2017 then . 
  i 've looked for roughly 15 minutes through google and nothing mentions any later lists . 
  if there was one , i would imagine that it would be easier to find . 
   again , only in your london-based think-tank . 
  why are you repeating yourself ? 
  i love how you carry on saying `` london-based think tank '' rather than global financial centres index to make it seem like the index is biased in some way . 
  why would i trust an index that is 3 years out of date over one that was updated less than 2 months ago ? 
  the gfci is the more recognised index and their information comes from 100 different sources including the oecd and world bank . 
  the xinhua-dow jones index on the other hand has n't been updated since 2014 as far as i can see , is n't nearly as widely recognised and regardless the gfci ranked new york as the largest in 2014 too , however it 's 2017 now and as of march 2017 , london is still ranked above new york https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_financial_centres_index, 
  it 's illegal to eliminate job titles too , you must be given a contract at the start of your employment which will give you a job title and roles expected of you . 
  fair , but not a good way of doing it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_centre london is ( slightly ) larger as of september 2016, 
  london 's the largest financial capital in the world and new york and singapore / hong kong all deal with euros and so on . 
  to be fair i would 've thought the mountain actor was bigger than that, 
  7th may, 
  does n't really matter , seems pretty obvious that it 's going to be macron vs le pen in the 2nd round, 
  melenchon is the least ( after le pen ) favourable politician amongst the 4 though on the other side of the floor . 
  le pen vs melenchon in the second round would be much more favourable to le pen compared to macron who is much more widely supported though more as a second choice than a first one . 
  it 's no use crying over spilt milk, 
  nah , he is n't smoking, 
  unlikely , though if they were going to come in third it would likely be by seats over popular vote imo with the snp coming 2nd . 
  but that would require a collapse of monumental proportions, 
  spain we would n't even really notice the switch because there are so many brits living out there anyway , apart from the scots turning red in 5-10 minutes we 'll all be dandy spain is not happy with the move as they the rain in england falls mainly on the ... country, 
  blackcurrants were once popular in the united states as well , but became less common in the 20th century after currant farming was banned in the early 1900s , when blackcurrants , as a vector of white pine blister rust , were considered a threat to the u.s. logging industry . 
  [ 25 ] from wikipedia, 
  not really a fan of fanta orange but really like fanta lemon , it 's really refreshing when it 's hot and mixes well with vodka too, 
  blackcurrants are illegal in the us, 
  uses like corn or some shit, 
  they are but at 18 you are legally an adult in every sense of the word . 
  you 've left compulsory education , most either start working or go to university , can leave home , vote etc so it makes sense buying alcohol , cigarettes , gamble and so on are all available at 18 . 
  21 is more arbitrary because it does n't coincide with anything else, 
  i love st petersberg and have been there a few times now and seeing as i 'm white and straight i probably would n't have too many issues living in russia . 
  riga , budapest and prague are all really nice cities too, 
  nobody goes out during the day in transylvania so i 'm not surprised . 
  hijab meaning just a headscarf yeah ? 
  barring the person i work with who wears one probably 5-10 every day and at least a few burqas and niqabs . 
  i work in cambridge and get a train every day and there 's a lot of muslims getting the train all the time where i live , not nearly as many though i normally am out at nighttime to go to the pub so i ca n't imagine many come to a pub with it on, 
  they refuse both afaik, 
  they could get paid but they choose to refuse the salary i think , though if any of them did end up taking the salary the rules would probably be changed, 
  oh i assumed it was an american remake . 
  yeah that film is brilliant, 
  is that related to the jared leto film ? 
  not even close imo . 
  very good film but we 've got tons to choose from, 
  lawrence of arabia might be up there too, 
  says the country that has only just won one . 
  nah , it was just a joke as i swear we find the absolute worst acts to put on eurovision lately . 
  music too not that our eurovision performances show that, 
  4 weddings is fantastic thank you very much but we 've got some brilliant films depending on what you fancy , a streetcat named bob , american honey , fantastic beasts and grimsby all were good last year for instance, 
  i do n't have it in the uk ( christ our heating is usually on for 9 months of the year ) but i keep it on when i 'm abroad and have it if i had to pay electricity though i might not , ac is fucking expensive, 
  jewish communities in the uk are pretty much only in london though there are significant amounts in manchester , leeds , liverpool , essex and hertfordshire . 
  very few near me though ( cambridge ), 
  i got less but we 're leaving soon anyway so, 
  the north east states are atrocious for mobile, 
  easily be able to get into medicine ? 
  it 's the hardest course to get into in pretty much every country ( ppe at oxford is the only one that 's harder at undergraduate in the uk ), 
  the us is weird like that the uk for instance asks you to specialise at 15 for gcses and then again at 17 for a levels but the us does n't really do that until like he second year of uni, 
  only the us has that system ( maybe canada ) , the uk , australia , new zealand , ireland and any other anglo countries do not, 
  i got new york and providence , north east makes sense as a brit yeah ? 
  and honolulu apparently too even as a native english speaker what were some of those questions ? 
  there 's plenty in our history . 
  wars wise the 100 years war is pretty fascinating as military strategies and technologies evolve so much as well as leadership and so on religion wise you have richard the lionheart and the crusades as well as the formation of the church of england politically the electoral reforms between 1830-1888 especially the political battles between gladstone and disraeli which formed the basis of the modern liberal and conservative parties you also have the troubles in ireland with the ira and the good friday agreement to do with modern terrorism which was n't about islam and is relatively unique in the western world, 
  i mean , you might get that but it 's going to cost you a bomb really and truly, 
  hull and grimsby qualify too, 
  san francisco too i guess but i never hear people say they 're going on holiday to like san diego or santa barbara or something . 
  there 's plenty of national parks and so on in europe , they may not be as big and things like the grand canyon do n't exist but there are loads of things you can see in a similar vein those kind of things really are n't for me though . 
  i much prefer city breaks to spending a week in nature, 
  canaries is n't expensive when you get there though . 
  i 've been to lanzarote and fuertaventura and beers are usually $ 1-2 and so on the difference simply in flights is now much i 'd likely spend in a week in the canaries if you were taking a month long holiday thailand might be cheaper but for a week or two i do n't think so, 
  definitely not, 
  yeah but the us outside of the cities is a long way to go for similar settings to somewhere you can go on europe far cheaper, 
  really ? 
  canaries are pretty damn cheap and i can get a flight there for about 70-80 quid from the uk thailand would cost like 400-500 for a flight minimum, 
  i think going to multiple cities is n't really a relaxing holidays for a european i would call a relaxing holiday going to lie on a beach or something for a couple of weeks in the canary islands or greek islands or something, 
  la too, 
  specific universities may have different requirements , notably the russell group universities and especially oxbridge . 
  interviews , portfolios , exams and so on all exist in different top universities , ucas is still the baseline but there may be extra steps too . 
  ucas pretty much handles everything choose up to five universities with a personal statement and then teachers will also send in their recommendations with your expected grades once you get offers they are usually based on getting a certain amount of either ucas points or specific grades choose a first choice and a backup then come results day you find out if you 've been accepted or you go through clearing to get empty spots, 
  polish , indian , greek , italian , french , english , scottish , irish , romanian and a few others from eastern europe though not sure where exactly there are a ton of indians and eastern europeans in my building but not in my office . 
  i mean ... lots of people move there, 
  tea and luton, 
  are you kidding ? 
  we have an incredible history in science , literature , art , warfare or anything else you can name . 
  we literally ruled the waves and we basically had enough power to end the slave trade from westminster ( or continued in the us but not the atlantic ) we create huge amounts of tv , music and movies that is watched worldwide . 
  at top gears peak it was watched by millions in over a hundred different countries our universities are amongst the best in the world and the most famous too in cambridge , oxford , imperial , ucl etc the nhs is one of the most inclusive systems in the world and has been around for ages to boot in sports we might be shit at football but i 'm cricket and rugby we 're still great especially the latter when looking at the whole nation . 
  f1 , tennis and snooker too not to mention our phenomenal performance at the olympics in the last few, 
  i 'm happy to be british , and think we do do a lot of things better than other countries .
