  whether the eu likes it or not , britain along with france and germany are really the only 3 countries holding it together . 
  scotland leaving would n't really damage the uk , scotland does have a fair few natural reserves , but the uk has discovered a much bigger pool if we are to use fracking . 
  the reserves in the north sea will be unlikely to be fully scotland 's in the first place . 
  so there 's to me no benefit of resources for scotland going independent . 
  secondly , the notion of economics and trade . 
  scotland relies heavily on funding from the uk to have things like free universities and pharmaceuticals , with only 5 million people living there , and even less in the higher tax brackets , how would scotland afford these measures ? 
  simply put , it could n't . 
  talking of universities , it could severely limit the amount of students who go to , when it comes to the higher end at any rate . 
  scotland only really has st andrews ( pretty tiny ) and edinburgh anywhere close to the top of the tables.whilst snp leaders mainly went to scottish universities , a fair few of them such as blair went to oxford . 
  i see no actual benefits barring nationalistic pride for scotland to go independent . 
  that depends entirely on what the negotiation is . 
  the natural resources of scotland are in the north sea , the uk ( not england ) could still lay claim to them . 
  also would n't it be fair to say that it was the uk , mainly england 's money that allowed for the resources to be utilised , so the uk should keep them ? 
  please no . 
  the house of lords is much better than a second elected chamber . 
  a second elected chamber will end in gridlock and have massive problems . 
  the lords is actually pretty useful, 
  lighten up you bog-trotting , drunken , fire-crotcheted leprechaun . 
  i 'm pretty sure every single one of those questions about the country were `` crass generalisations '', 
  i put 1 as spoken fluently , 2 as spoken . 
  the british need a lower standard , else we 'd barely speak one language . 
  looking at the top 10 as of may ( yt do n't seem to let you actually view largest channels any more ) http://www.ignitesocialmedia.com/social-media-trends/top-10-most-popular-youtube-channels-by-subscribers/ it seems to be fairly varied , a couple of music channels ( rhianna / one direction ) , a couple of gaming channels ( pew die pie and machinima ) and then mainly comedy things ( though i might call that vlogging ), 
  your women are only fantastic looking because you 're so drunk anyway also i was proud to be up there but i reckon us brits could outdrink the irish , guiness is incredibly weak . 
  it 's really difficult to see surveys , i tend to browse the frontpage rather than specific subreddits , and surveys do n't usually get many upvotes ( though results do ) . 
  i 'd like reddit to implement a way for mods to message every subscriber to alert them to surveys etc. 
  though limit it to one spam a week or something, 
  i would say that too , however i 'd say he was probably looking at living conditions too 45 % of people are living with their family and are single . 
  there 's barely been a `` no '' campaign from what i 've seen . 
  salmond on the other hand has been shouting about independence from the rooftops for the last 2 years, 
  then again the yes campaign has already been restarted because it was so bad the first time . 
  i 'm pretty sure that slanted the question then . 
  i counted my gcse in german as speaking it , i can decipher menu 's and signs and hold a brief conversation so it counts . 
  i think vlogging is the biggest thing on youtube actually , at least it was a year or so ago . 
  pfft , you 're from sweden , your ~ you 're ~ ~ country is the exception . 
  edit : hmm , i should have ticked 0 for languages spoken fluently , obviously . 
  goods are part of the economy though . 
  if you are given $ 30 worth of beer , and you drink it that means theoretically you would have spent $ 30 on beer in the first place , so the economy lost that . 
  yep , if you paid her cash it was probably undeclared . 
  you do it for loads of things without thinking though , my cleaner gets paid in cash because if she works more than 16 hours she loses her benefits and is much worse off . 
  so did 81 , or 82 people turn up to vote ? 
  france is the main country it does n't work in simply because of its semi-presidential system , russia too has this i guess . 
  any country with required voting such as romania is an anomaly too, 
  overloading . 
  switzerland has too many votes , as it heavily uses direct democracy , you get people to become apathetic about it , so turnout decreases as they feel their opinions simply are n't being heard . 
  one vote in 5 years for your government makes you feel like your vote matters , as it is an important event , if you vote every couple of months then is an election any more important really ? 
  plus if they 're wealthier then they 'll likely buy more expensive clothes , so cheaper bangladeshi clothing would likely be more popular in europe anyway . 
  in the uk in winter it 'll often be dark by 4pm, 
  i do n't especially like zealots of any form . 
  the us is as overrun with them as pakistan , they just do n't fit neatly under a single religion . 
  the euro is a great currency ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ germany , smaller economies really suffer when in crisis such as portugal and greece , however when the economy is growing they benefit much more from it , such as ireland before 2008 . 
  but the euro right now , there 's no way i would support anyone joining it, 
  whilst i ca n't find much info on numbers by a country by country basis , this source http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/8159141.stm compares uk cities and boroughs to other nations . 
  interestingly enough , wandsworth for instance has the highest number of cctv cameras in its borough , it has more than boston , dublin and johannesburg combined . 
  corby council also has more cameras than syndey or san francisco . 
  london has over 7000 cctv cameras , paris only 326 . 
  edit : this source shows that the uk actually has 20 % of the world 's cctv despite having less than 1 % of the population . 
  whilst it has been on the top of the news for the last week or so i think it 's because the british , especially the english are just used to privacy being disregarded , we are already the most policed nation in terms of cctv and the like and at least for me i was n't surprised by the confirmation, 
  tell that to a scottish person . 
  as usual people downvote without a reason . 
  you may think they are different and i agreed , but i said not to the same extent as european states , or even within nations . 
  i gave reasons for the differences , but nobody as of yet has given me a reason why culturally there 's a divide supposedly as deep as marx and disraeli . 
  you said the same to me , do n't get so fucking uppity . 
  ah woops , i was still thinking about bavarian , but yes , you 're completely right . 
  basically yes they did . 
  immigrants for a large part of the european migration pre revolution moved to america ( and other colonies too ) to get away from politics and the like in their own country , oliver cromwell for one was on the verge of moving to america due to persecution by the king of england which had he , might have changed history forever . 
  later immigrants did keep some traditions , but traditions and cultures weaken when bombarded with new ones , it 's why you see a lot of immigrant neighbourhoods , people like their traditions and cultures so move into smaller versions of their home countries , this of course is n't true of everyone , and is a sweeping generalisation but is true for a fair part of immigrants , * especially * in the early 20th and 19th centuries when immigration boomed . 
  this is n't only true of american immigrants but immigrants worldwide and in history , even jerusalem and acre were split into quarters , even going so far as to split up venetians and genoese ( 2 competing cities within italy at the time ) for instance . 
  but what i 'm saying here is that whilst they may have brought traditions and cultures over , a lot of that got diluted , and yes has become american tradition . 
  america is a country of 300 million people , of course there 's going to be diversity , but there 's not a long history of wars , alliances , monarchies and the like you see in europe . 
  hungary and romania dislike each other as nations , that actually embeds itself into the citizens and has done because of historical divides , france deeply hated germany between the end of the franco-prusso war in 1871 to one could argue the fall of the berlin wall in one form or another . 
  america however is isolationist , and has only really been at odds with mexico with even that being minor in comparison, 
  and i bet you do n't know the regions that i am speaking of either . 
  scotland and england * are * different , historically they were different countries for centuries , it 's only fairly recently ( for us 250-300 years is pretty recent ) that scotland joined the union , and it 's worth noting they want to leave due to cultural reasons . 
  scotland , wales and ireland still all have their own language , and bask and bavarian are pretty different dialects to spanish and german respectively . 
  i have had a lot of people who i am assuming are americans say that america is different , and i will agree , yes they are different but nowhere near as different as european states , you ca n't give me a definitive reason why the us states are more different than european states because there are none . 
  which in terms of this argument was all i was arguing . 
  i never said it was fully homogeneous , it is n't . 
  but it is much more so than europe , which is the main argument here , compared to most nations of a similar size it is as much or more homogeneous . 
  history has a massive effect on the culture of the country , the main reason the uk still is one of the few countries that does not have a constitution is because our `` common law '' has been built up over centuries , virtually since the magna carta was signed in the 13th century and even then there was common law before that . 
  the fact that the entire uk 's system of law has been built up over centuries has created an entirely different system to france 's system of law or germany 's , the basics are of course the same , but the process of how it was brought up makes massive effects on the culture of that country . 
  california was established in 1850 , it never existed before joining the us , it has no history before 1850 because it basically did n't exist . 
  even poland , a country re-established after world war one has history stretching far into history and it creates a culture and a nation of people that have links that reach into the past a way the us does not . 
  it exists all over the world , if you look at the cultures of china , japan and the like you see cultures built up over centuries , though japan and china has been changed dramatically in the 20th century , up until the 19th century you still had a very much warrior / samaurai based culture in japan and an authoritarian emperor in china , in russia for instance you still have a very much male authoritarian culture than many other countries , why ? 
  because of their history, 
  you have a few thousand years of history within europe , plus multiple languages and religions . 
  the us simply does not . 
  the differences between california and texas are n't that much if you compare lithuania and spain, 
  if you include russia and turkey in europe ( though not the eu ) then you have at minimum 25 languages , 4 different majoritarian religions ( protestantism / catholicism / orthodox / islam ) , 3 different alphabets ( cyrillic / latin / greek ) and a plethora of cultures and histories . 
  there 's a ton of differences within countries , i mean there 's probably as much if not more differences between scotland and england , bavaria and the rest of germany or the bask region and spain than there is between texas and california, 
  i think it comes from a lack of history and lack of anything in the us though . 
  if you go to most states within the us there may be one major city , or a maximum of 3-4 but in an area easily as big as most european countries . 
  the fact you have a lot more to see within a few hundred miles than you do in a few thousand in the middle of the us means people often think there 's a similar amount of stuff to see, 
  most of the democrats would n't even be taken seriously in the uk at any rate . 
  america is generally accepted to be the united states though , you do n't say i 'm going to america then go to montreal or mexico city . 
  i do n't feel especially close to the people from yorkshire or newcastle though i live a few hours away from them . 
  but the general facts are that americans speak a similar language , have similar history , culture , currency , languages , government , attitude etc. 
  there may be differences , but they are much lesser than between the 27 eu nations, 
  the problem with that being if they see the ps4 and the xbo on sale at the same time , one is $ 100 / # 80 cheaper despite the other features . 
  yeah i thought i was pretty good at european geography but i was sure slavonia was a typo, 
  yeah but you ca n't steal a ferrari as a sea-warrior,
