  but it 's when you add in nations that are poorer then trouble can begin, 
  whilst it 's not really like this , it 's enough of a difference even in a single country to completely dismiss this post . 
  if you want to live in america that 's fine but not because europe as a whole is bad , hell as much as i hate to admit it , america is almost as diverse too , the differences between east and west coast is enormous , even more so when you look at the midwest or south, 
  sorry my mistake , i was mixing europe and the eu figures . 
  there are 700m in europe , about 50 countries depending on what you define europe as and 250 languages . 
  i stay south of it for the same reasons, 
  i think what you 're doing is what many americans actually do , and are confusing sweden with europe as a whole . 
  hell going from the south of england to newcastle or leeds you 're going to find massive differences , let alone the differences of living in spain , denmark or latvia . 
  you say there 's a lot more diversity in america but the eu has 27 nations , 30 languages and 700m individuals . 
  if i go out on a night , i might meet people from a dozen nations and honestly often do , this is of course different depending on where you 're living but it 's certainly not unique to america , it 's an american centric view that race means diversity , nationality in my opinion is more important in europe . 
  going to spain , germany and sweden you wo n't find any real similarities between them ( apart from them probably getting english tourists ) , that 's diversity there 's also the case of the grass is always greener on the other side edit : the eu has 500m and 24 languages but i was mixing europe and eu figures, 
  surprisingly no , the places with free wifi are usually the cheap places . 
  travel lodge , premier inn and the like . 
  the mid to high level hotels all charge really high prices for the wifi , up to $ 20 an hour i 've seen it $ 88 is the highest one seen for 3 days of wifi cafes and pubs often do but not hotels , i do n't know why, 
  yes states did do it but there was n't the option of joining a joint currency then , if scotland wants to be part of the eu then i would think euro is n't an option it 's a requirement, 
  sure they do . 
  but none of them have become independent in the last 10 years . 
  for scotland to launch it 's own currency it 'll be much more difficult than keeping it 's own one , not impossible but in my mind very improbable, 
  can you really see the scottish pound as it 's own currency though ? 
  personally i ca n't imagine scotland * not * joining a fiscal union , whether that 's the euro or sticking with sterling, 
  from what i 've seen nordic countries are especially good when it comes to speaking english though , maybe it 's because nobody expects foreigners to speak danish / finnish etc german and french however are more common , * even * in the uk, 
  urban areas will probably be more likely to know english , if they work in a service industry it 's simply more useful to know a second language due to tourists ( whether they 're english or not ) being more likely to know english than any other language . 
  rural areas are probably much less likely to know any second languages as they have less experience with tourists, 
  honestly , could i name half a dozen bands from any country barring britain and maybe france within europe i might struggle . 
  at least in the uk music is almost solely english , the only foreign music i hear is from my housemates ( french / chinese ) and soundtracks of movies really . 
  many bands nowadays will sing in english despite being from finland , germany , italy etc, 
  i support having my own monarchy , but if it had been removed years ago i probably would n't support restoration . 
  one of the biggest arguments for keeping a monarchy is for reasons of tradition , so reinstating it seems a little weird . 
  however , on a side note portugal 's `` would be '' king looks * so * much like john cleese, 
  [ same here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/64/london_skyline_at_night_facing_tower_bridge.jpg/800px-london_skyline_at_night_facing_tower_bridge.jpg ), 
  internationally they do not have a huge amount of media , especially when it comes to news . 
  cnn is the only big international station , bbc and al jazeera are the other two ones , neither based in the us . 
  the nyt is pretty much the only newspaper i 've seen internationally from the us . 
  daily telegraph , times and the sun are seen much more often but as most of my experience is either australia or europe so that may be slightly biased . 
  the us in comparison for its size in other industries do not have that large of a media influence . 
  in terms of movies and tv definitely , but nothing else, 
  britain likes the foreign policy of the eu , it does n't agree with eu meddling in domestic policy , which to be fair most nations do n't but we 're just louder than the rest . 
  it 's an issue that will effect people personally , whereas many of these issues are more abstract so whilst they may be more important they 're not as pressing to an individual, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  britain still has a massive say within europe , between france and britain they control almost the entirety of any foreign policy from the eu , germany is a big player domestically but france and britain are equally important, 
  canada perhaps but australia and new zealand definitely not america does n't actually have a huge amount of mass media , al jazeera , bbc and cnn are probably the world 's largest media broadcasters , sky are probably up there within europe and for movies and music britain definitely punches above its weight . 
  the western world has a lot of influence from america but countries like india and pakistan are influenced much more by britain, 
  in britain it 's a punishable offence to break out of prison . 
  you can get extra prison time or a fine depending, 
  i guess it really shows that i 'm british then ... 
  i was thinking more like health and safety implications you are right , but the goat-burning would probably attract more people than just a giant goat, 
  oh my god . 
  that 's brilliant, 
  my favourite one is 2006  2006 on the night of 15 december at 03:00 , someone tried to set fire to the goat by dousing the right front leg in petrol ( gasoline ) . 
  the red ribbon on that leg was slightly burned and fell off . 
  the lower part of the right leg was scorched , but the rest of the goat failed to light . 
  the leg was repaired that morning . 
  [ 26 ] [ 27 ] the natural science club 's goat was burned at about 00:40 on 20 december ; the vandals were not seen and got away . 
  [ 28 ] [ 29 ] on the night of 25 december , a drunken man managed to climb up on the goat . 
  before the police arrived on the scene the man climbed down and disappeared . 
  [ 30 ] he did not try to set fire to the goat . 
  the southern merchants ' goat survived new year 's eve and was taken down on 2 january . 
  it is now stored in a secret location . 
  [ 31 ] it was stored in a secret location because it 's so rare that these things survive . 
  um , britain has bonfire night / guy fawkes nights where we just burn large bonfires with guy fawkes effigies on . 
  ca n't imagine a big goat is * that * much different , just do n't put it next to loads of flammable environments, 
  no , they 're often not . 
  quite often you see catholic / christian boys or girls schools . 
  it 's split for religious reasons . 
  so is this , it just happens to be islamic and not catholic, 
  so what about all boys / girls schools ? 
  are they not the same ? 
  so simply because of certain beliefs does n't mean a person is n't worth listening to , some of the smartest men alive have had fairly bad characteristic flaws . 
  not really , many people have deeply held religious beliefs , if you 've lived in a deeply muslim country for a long time , you might think the same . 
  you mention separate changing rooms / toilets to help each of the sexes feel more comfortable yet how is this different from pleasing a religious view on a subject ? 
  segregation sounds horrible but its not always possible or smart to stop it , if the speaker refuses to speak of there are women present due to deeply held beliefs then there 's nothing we can do to force him . 
  protests , or any form of political participation will have freeriders . 
  especially the more effort needed . 
  the people in the coffee shop will get the same benefits as the protesters , should they succeed and it 's always been a problem for them . 
  it also should never be a given that a country 's population should universally be for or against a government policy, 
  we copied you ( east anglia ) so i 'm feeling safe enough, 
  ah that makes much more sense , i was trying to think of a slaughtering in bulgaria and nothing came to me, 
  shanghai and hong kong are sort of city states within china . 
  flanders , not so much, 
  it 's potentially dangerous, 
  yeah i 've only met a couple of croatians in the uk, 
  i think he either means the armenian genocide or the batak massacre ( which was about 5,000 people ) . 
  i ca n't think of anything else in bulgaria which would be close, 
  we 've actually got highspeed to birmingham too . 
  why anyone would want to go to birmingham , let alone go to birmingham * faster * is beyond me though, 
  the eu would be dominated by france and germany if the uk left , that 's not a good thing . 
  france would be left basically controlling eu foreign affairs , and germany would control domestic , it 's good for them but terrible for everyone else involved . 
  apart from that , the uk needs the eu but the eu needs the uk too . 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're going for , ukip are more popular than ever , they 're up to 14 % because the conservative party are seen on too easy on the eu and too close to the centre . 
  it 's difficult to find sources for these sort of things as the eu does n't exactly have a spokesperson to say who they want and do n't want , but nato and the eu have been incredibly hesitant when it comes to georgia, 
  georgia has for the most part been pretty open it wants to join the eu but the eu simply do n't want georgia, 
  if the top 0.1 % of the population left the uk as the article states , then the uk would lose 14 % of its tax revenue , if the top 1 % it would lose almost 30 % of it 's tax revenue . 
  you do n't have to be a genius to see that losing 30 % of tax revenue ( and from people who do n't especially use the services given by taxes , national healthcare , benefits etc ) is a bad thing for the country 's economic state, 
  we had a similar prime minister , wilson in the 70s upped the tax on the rich to 75 % iirc , however this ended with the rich paying about 12 % in reality . 
  hollande in france has done the same , and receive massive backlash , with many of the rich moving to tax havens like monaco or luxembourg . 
  raising the tax on the rich too high and you get a negative effect , especially in the eu where it is incredibly easy to move , and in today 's world you can run businesses from abroad fairly easily, 
  i think you may be misinterpreting what council tax actually is . 
  the main tax we have in the uk is income tax , council tax tends to be pretty minor in comparison . 
  council tax is meant to basically represent what you use , if you are low income you do get some consideration , students for instance do n't pay any council tax . 
  our income tax does grow with income , up to 45 % of your income if you earn the top tier part time property ownership * implies * greater wealth but it does n't mean it all the time .
