  pretty sure as in i 'm not going to go back to when it was and find the articles that backup what i meant . 
  it 's not like you provided sources either . 
  pretty sure it was blocked for a variety of different things and advocating extrimism is n't exactly unusual on reddit, 
  i mean it 's not the best but poland is a pretty equal society if you 're looking at the gini measurements https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality, 
  it 's not though, 
  so it 's poorer than the richest nations on the globe , it still does relatively well it 's not like it 's cambodia or sudan for poverty, 
  maybe they do n't commit crimes based on their race and instead do it based on their socioeconomic status, 
  since when is poland poor ? 
  i 'm not saying that 's the case in western europe just that that 's an extreme case of gdp conflicting with ppp, 
  also gdp per capita does n't take into account expenses , if a country has a lower gdp but fully paid healthcare , low property and rental costs and lower utility bills as well as lower living costs in other areas then despite americans possibly earning more on paper in their actual takehome pay / spending money they are possibly much worse off, 
  [ source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zv8jg/popular_exams_in_uk_to_be_rescheduled_to_avoid/cypa5px ) for my claim, 
  but we already have an exception for christians who live in this country . 
  hey here 's an idea lets make you study for an exam on the 25th of december ... ramadam is a religious holiday for muslims where they fast throughout the day , christian and judaic holidays are already in school holidays so are `` protected '' from exams and what not , whereas ramadam is n't . 
  no ( mainstream ) religion has a fasting period similar to ramadam that is * also * in the middle of a normal exam period . 
  lent ( aka carnival apparently ) is n't the same as ramadam is as catholics eat during the day in lent but might not eat meat or something . 
  where is carnival used ? 
  it 's lent here but either way we do n't have a specific exception for lent but not only is lent not really fasting ( it 's usually abstinence from a type of food rather than abstaining from food during the day completely ) but we never have exams between february-april apart from possibly mocks . 
  whereas we can have exams during ramadan / eid, 
  source : chinese students do better in maths than american ones, 
  both christmas and easter are clearly religious holidayys, 
  lol i love that spain is an island, 
  he remembered the outer hebrides which is surprising, 
  not really , yes when british people go to a party island they get drunk as dogs , yes there 's a lot of british people who only go on holiday for that whether it 's in costa del sol , xanti or munich but if you look at places that are n't marketed at 18-25 year olds thats sole purpose is to get drunk then we act like any other drunk tourists on holiday i think brits get a bad rap in europe for it because it 's well cheap to go to europe , you probably see the same thing from americans in mexico or wherever their party towns are, 
  honestly i do n't think you can complain that much if you live in those party towns / islands . 
  half their economy if not more is built on drunk tourists , mainly british coming there in summer . 
  if you build a party town with loads of clubs , pubs and cheap alcohol do n't be shocked when people come on holiday to drink , fuck and do drugs there, 
  honestly i do n't think you can complain that much if you live in those party towns / islands . 
  half their economy if not more is built on drunk tourists , mainly british coming there in summer . 
  if you build a party town with loads of clubs , pubs and cheap alcohol do n't be shocked when people come on holiday to drink , fuck and do drugs there, 
  it 'd be weird to attend your children 's same sex marriage if they were n't gay to be fair, 
  nah it does n't matter what the uk studies because it will skip every lecture because it was too hungover, 
   we have bidets , motherfuckers . 
  turkey 1 , every other country 0 . 
  what about france ? 
  hell france still has them , or at least has them just off the motorway . 
  well in theory you never touch anything but toilet paper with your hands, 
  turkey have a relatively good reason for it though , they have suffered a series of terrorist attacks , the biggest in ankara just a month ago that shared similar casualty numbers . 
  this article did n't mention why fans were booing so i 'm not saying it 's because of this but the fact is turkey has been suffering from terrorist attacks including foiling one in istanbul on the 15th november . 
  i 'm not saying this is the case , but the boos could have been towards uefa 's very franco-centric view of this attack , when similar attacks in turkey as well as elsewhere have not seen the same level of solidarity nor media attention . 
  biggest defeat in terms of seats, 
  sure but he was n't expected to win a majority at all , in fact many of the polls suggested it was neck and neck or that miliband was even in front . 
  cameron has been extremely successful in what he set out to do , whether you agree with that or not is a different matter but he has been pretty successful and the 2015 election results mightve only been slightly favoured his way ( although not by less than other elections , obama only won by 2 % and that 's in a 2 horse race ) but the outcome of seats showed his support was much more widespread than labours, 
  what ? 
  i 'd take every guardian article with a pinch of salt to be honest , they misrepresent politics as badly as the daily mail or sun do but somehow keep a decent reputation, 
  in your opinion it does , but creating a representative parliament is n't the most important part of a fptp election , creating a strong and stable government is . 
  and that 's where a lot of proportional repressed representive systems fall down . 
  italy is a good example of pr failing abysmally , it had something like 47 different governments in 50 years because of the nature of pr , it has since gone back to a majoritarian system and it 's stability has improved, 
  cameron will only be pm for two terms , he announced before this election that he would n't be standing in 2020 , johnson , osbourne or may are the likely replacements, 
  older people tend to vote conservative but you ca n't seriously think that labour are going to bounce back because oaps died ? 
  they had their biggest defeat in decades this year and corbyn looks to only try and improve on that . 
  with the snp taking scotland and new boundary changes taking away the labour bias , labour simply do n't stand a chance in the next election, 
   amritsar happened . 
  the extermination of australian aborigines happened . 
  the british empire , though not as bad as others ( e.g belgian congo ) as far as oppression went , was not fun to live under . 
  i do n't really understand your point here . 
  empires were capable of atrocities but so are recently independent nations , pol pot in cambodia would be a good example , as would the rwandan genocide or the trail of tears in the us . 
  all happened relatively soon * after * independence . 
   t 's the same with the countries that still have lizzie ii as queen - they 're ( with a couple of notable exceptions ) the countries in the commonwealth with the closest cultural ties to britain and many have majority white populations . 
  again that 's not even close to being true . 
  india , pakistan , nigeria , bangladesh and south africa are all part of the commonwealth today , the only 2 nations i can think of that are mostly white are australia and canada ( out of 53 members ), 
  and there are nations like hong kong who voted * to * stay in the british empire , the falklands islands who have voted unequivocally to stay part of britain ( 99.8 % voted to stay with a 92 % turnout ) . 
  french guinea is another example of citizens choosing to stay within france ( it 's literally a part of france as much as paris is ) many former colonies have stayed close to their former empires either in the form of a commonwealth or the french union which includes many countries all of which choose to stay that way . 
  hell even gandhi wanted to stay part of the british empire for the majority of his life . 
  i do n't know where americans get the idea that the empires were tough and brutal on their subjects , many wanted to continue to be a part of it even after they gained independence , which was in almost every case in the 20th century given peacefully . 
  i prefer my own politicians to screw me over than the ones in brussels because at least you have a chance at removing them, 
  schengen is just open borders / freedom of movement , trade movement is different as it applies to non-schengen states ( the uk for instance ), 
  hardly far right . 
  you do n't see posts praising golden dawn or the bnp etc. 
  you just see a bit more balance in european subreddits because the politics are already more left wing than america, 
  reddit trends towards the younger demographic and the younger demographic tends to be more left wing and liberal, 
  it 's still possible for women which is actually better than catholicism which has no notion of divorce at all . 
  cambridgeshire , not exactly far north, 
  most chippies i 've seen still offer it, 
  we just fry the dish ... then we have a deep fried mars bar for dessert, 
  i never promoted the idea , but it is a way to deter immigrants whereas someone said it was n't, 
  how many immigrants are going to cyprus ? 
  it would n't be right and you 'd probably cause yourself more problems but refugees will definitely avoid a country that will actively kill anyone coming into that country, 
  a sea between you and the mainland helps too, 
  that 's not left , that 's just tumblr politics students at least at my uni were n't that concerned with tumblr pcness, 
  i think that 's a pretty major generalisation , the student body definitely leans left but doing politics at uni there were pretty few far left people , most people were more central and there was a fairly big conservative group too i did go to uni in more of a blue area but i did n't find at least the politics department very left wing more of a 40/60 split, 
  wish gangnam style had been banned in my first year , must 've been played a dozen times every night, 
  the uk and france easily have a combined military enough to stop russia from invading . 
  ( not enough to invade russia but definitely enough to stop any military incursions into europe ) . 
  if it took place in the uk imagine if a constituency had 3 major parties running for it , labour , conservatives and ukip . 
  conservatives and ukip get the most votes each and then in the second round the only choices are either conservatives or ukip . 
  labour will endorse the conservative candidate as they are somewhat closer to the centre so all the labour voters and all of the conservative voters vote for conservative , ukip only gets the voters it got in the first round . 
  not a 2 round system . 
  primaries are not part of the formal election process . 
  probably would 've been had clinton won as she might well have nominated a more liberal justice , or had trump won but lost the senate , then the senate would quickly push through obama 's candidate to stop trump getting one . 
  this is the only situation where it 's the case, 
  yeah i was talking about top of the line phones because they were talking about top of the line bikes . 
  either way way more people have the newest iphone or samsung compared to a $ 1000 bike, 
  phones are like 600-700 quid , bikes are definitely cheaper than that . 
  and so he said most thieves are probably just drunk people who do n't care what bike they 're riding, 
  is n't that already a rule ? 
  i have a fixed office but if i ever need to travel to a different office i get paid expenses or if i come in for overtime i get travel time paid for as well . 
  not really . 
  it was a trade union first and foremost, 
  when i used incognito browsing most answers were just why is x named x. 
  except for america , america was `` why is america so racist ? '',
