  i ca n't understand most brummies let alone scotland or wales also , ethiopia does n't neighbour russia or latvia, 
  i 'm not saying we should threaten to use nuclear weapons but ours act as much of a deterrent as anybody elses, 
  if corbyn is still labour leader in 5 years i 'll eat my right shoe, 
   let 's be honest ; in a nuclear war , trident would n't do shit . 
  all other countries are n't scared of the uk using its nukes . 
  they 're scared of the us . 
  it 's a big waste of money . 
  people are scared of north korea 's nukes , if we threatened to use them countries would definitely listen, 
  argentina have no right to the falklands . 
  they never claimed them before , and every citizen there greatly prefers being part of the commonwealth over part of argentina . 
  i do n't particularly see why we need to talk to them at all, 
   i do n't see whats wrong with that ? 
  look how it 's affected france under hollande , a much higher tax on the super-wealthy just forces them out of the country, 
  hong kong were actually given back without wanting to , so i think we need to take it back, 
  it 's not like the royal family stray far from america anyway, 
  germany , austria , france and probably italy though i 've only been there the once so it 's hard to judge, 
  of course i did , edited thanks, 
  i do n't think the bbc has a political bias at all , but an establishment bias . 
  it tends to support whoever is in power , so right now it 's more right wing but a few years ago it was more left leaning, 
  i do n't think bbc america is unashamedly left wing , it 's centrist * for * britain which just so happens to be very much left wing in the us, 
  i agree somewhat , although i think you 're going a little over the top with it . 
  the bbc does n't ever run stories that are unabashedly in favour of the establishment , they tend to run the things they can absolutely backup , and usually that means innocent until proven guilty . 
  which means things like the mp scandal etc are run in the mp 's favour until evidence comes to light that it the mp was to blame however , i do think it 's international news coverage is amongst some of the more unbiased sources out there, 
  at least for ales ( i 'm thinking proper mini kegs so like 50 + pints ) in the uk it works out at a pretty decent price , but you have to set it up beforehand as it needs at least probably 10 hours to settle . 
  i 'm not condoning it but honestly what do resorts like malia or xanti expect when they market themselves as a party island ? 
  that 's what drunk people do , and brits do it to a major excess . 
  flights are cheap , booze is cheap , problems will happen, 
  we still beat you without our own rankings, 
  meh you just do n't like the fact we do n't respect the towel rule, 
  not monster but the cheapo ones , all the time when i was younger and it was n't that uncommon . 
  i see people doing it at uni a lot too . 
  the cans are like 20p and give you a much bigger caffeine hit, 
  um , what i meant was that the ban will work incredibly well because minors would n't care enough to get someone else to buy it for them . 
  as a teenager alcohol was great for parties or even just being `` cool '' . 
  energy drinks are n't really bought for the same reason , and at least the main reason i bought them was because they were cheap . 
  if i ca n't legally buy them then i 'm not worried enough to get someone else to get them for me . 
  i think that 's a general view that would be shared by many ( although no facts to back that up ), 
  would anyone really care enough about energy drinks to go to a specific shop or get an adult to buy it for them ? 
  things like red bull and monster though have only become popular in the last decade . 
  a coffee might not be great for you but one or two wo n't do much harm . 
  a 6 pack of energy drink that has 4 x the amount of caffeine in it though is going to do some problems your argument is exactly the same one that the tobacco and alcohol industry has used in the past, 
  hey it 's not our fault we have great gender equality in our drunken behaviour, 
  for guys anyway i 'm assuming that this is common . 
  girls might find it harder to angle their pee though, 
  even if we left the eu , we 'd still be a part of europe . 
  we ca n't change our geographical position, 
  same in the uk , they do n't care what you use as long as it 's consistent, 
  i was n't saying it was , just that i 'm used to the current , 100 pennies in a pound system , and not using 2.5 for a coin . 
  $ 2.50 euro coins would feel so weird to spend , then again i never grew up in the pre-decimal system so i 'm not used to weird denominations, 
  he recently merged bskyb and italian / german sky networks into a single company , which would suffer from fully exiting the eu . 
  i never said that murdoch would n't prefer a free trade agreement , just that he has said he prefers to stay in the eu rather than out . 
  i meant why do we need a labour leading it rather than a conservative ? 
  eh , but i think / r/europe is fine taking the piss out of the uk , just not us taking the piss out of ze germans, 
  eh , but i think / r/europe is fine taking the piss out of the uk , just not us taking the piss out of ze germans, 
  why would anyone * want * further integration into the eu ? 
  at least in britain we seem to want to mostly stay in the eu but for it to be a much looser relationship than currently , let alone closer . 
  why ? 
  his papers might not like a lot of eu policies but he 'd lose a lot of business if the uk cut ties with europe, 
  well you can always use your ipad to stream it but i doubt there will be many places in paris showing the game, 
  poor are fat because they do n't know how to make food to last , at least the ones that spend their entire food bill at macdonald 's . 
  but yeah we have a # 1 menu i think ( still works out at like $ 1.70 ) but i do n't see many people use it . 
  i do n't tend to get those but the base price is okay , ( like # 5 for a big mac meal ) but nothing special really . 
  i think it 's much cheaper in the us , it 's not a terrible price in the uk but it 's always cheaper to eat home cooked food, 
  that depends on what you class as a human right i suppose , i would n't argue that many of the rights set out by europe or the echr are really natural human rights , therefore are subject to sovereignty . 
  so ... basically you want our pensioners ? 
  it 's been a long day , however the eu certainly influences the echr much more than britain does alone, 
  experience in those areas does n't always mean someone is better suited to that role , experience is what the civil service and advisors are for, 
  what about our drunk middle aged ? 
  they 're just as bad, 
  they want to increase national sovereignty over human rights rather than eu courts deciding it . 
  people are saying that every right on there will be scrapped but that 's bullshit , what the conservatives want ( and i personally agree ) is to have british parliamentary control over the human rights act ( or the british bill of rights ) it would n't mean basic rights will be abolished but that rights such as th rights of prisoners to vote will be decided in britain and not brussels, 
  andy burnham , yvette cooper , chuka and kendall and jarvis are the front runners right now my money is on burnham or jarvis, 
  no but if it does n't take into account muscle mass that would indicate why men are classified as overweight more often than women, 
  comparatively ... statistics are useless without comparisons . 
  if the us were 95 % obese but the rest of the world was 97 % obese then the us would be slim in comparison even if they 're all mostly overweight, 
  ah fair enough, 
  i 'm assuming you mean gulf , saudi arabias not really know for its 18 holes, 
  it would n't be an open eu market though because license fees do n't exist outside of the uk, 
  eh honestly i use it to access kickass.to personally and that 's it , it 's turned off all the time otherwise, 
  britain is * already * extremely popular internationally , during 2012 we ranked above america in fact for soft power ( which is basically cultural and political power ) http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2012/11/18/the-empire-strikes-back-u-k-beats-u-s-in-soft-power-survey-says/ and we tend to rank in the top 3 every year regardless this change would almost undoubtedly be a net loss to the bbc at the very least , if not all british broadcasters, 
  top gear is probably not dead , they 'll probably try to replace the hosts and nobody will watch it, 
  hey , it 's not our fault we were successful , you tried it , but just were n't very good at it, 
  exactly , people do n't think of the logistics when looking at this . 
  danish television might not appeal to all 300m of the eu but you could conceivably double the viewership , especially if any of your shows are in a more popular language ( sorry do n't know any danish television ) for the bbc it would turn 60m to many more and it has had issues with its service before with only the uk, 
  if you use chrome , you install hola unblocker and choose the country proxy you want , then load the page , it does n't do it automatically but should work, 
  you might be blocked by a lot of things , but my argument was more toward iplayer and other free services , unless you pay a licence fee or live in the uk , you should n't be able to use the streaming service as it is not only free but has no ads . 
  i 've got nothing against netflix being unblocked in other countries but when it comes to domestic streaming services there should be limitations if they are n't supported through adverts, 
  you can use paypal i think, 
  honestly , i do n't particularly like this . 
  at least from the uk , the bbc are publicly funded through license fees , and that ( not adverts ) are what funds iplayer . 
  if it was expanded to the whole of the eu , suddenly you 'll get a lot more people using the service without paying a penny in license fees , as bbc produces more worldwide content than any other european nation afaik, 
  you may still be able to use hola unblocker to sign up for it ? 
  if not amazon prime video is a decent alternative . 
  you can use hola unblocker to change the region , whether it 's the uk or us, 
  gays make up such a tiny portion of society ( that 10 % figure is bullshit ) , it 's a negligible figure, 
  honestly , it 's not even all about the men . 
  women in the military are n't exactly prudes , they enjoy sex as much as any man . 
  however it can create disharmony between people if there 's not an equal split . 
  one women might have sex with 2 or 3 of the guys and that creates resentment . 
  i do n't think i 'm phrasing it very well , but putting people in that situation ends with hormones taking over , in the end everyone is human , whatever discipline is put in place .
