  we 're human . 
  not machines . 
  sure we could ban fast food , sugar , alcohol , coffee , crack down much harder on illicit substances , ban anything that makes us less productive at all . 
  but wait , we 're not fucking robots . 
  people like smoking , people can make their own choices about this shit . 
  smokers already pay extortionate amounts of taxes , are forced outside and have so many regulations about where , when and how they can smoke . 
  i do n't understand why the eu feels like people ca n't make their own minds up about smoking . 
  it 's bullshit to be honest . 
  everyone knows the risks of smoking by now , pictures are n't going to change anything nor is branding . 
  http://www.ash.org.uk/files/documents/ash_121.pdf 2nd result on google . 
   this includes the cost to the nhs of treating diseases caused by smoking in england which is approximately # 2 billion a year .5  the treasury received # 9.5 billion in revenue from tobacco duties in the financial year 2013 - 2014 ( excluding vat ) .15 this amounts to about 2 % of total government revenue . 
  including vat , total tobacco revenue is around # 12.3 bn annually .16 the paper also says that the total cost to society is slightly higher than that ( 13.9 bn ) but that 's including things like the cost of smoke breaks to the employer and loss of productivity . 
  same with aussie rules football, 
   and we suck at football atm well ... until we win the euros, 
  whether or not they do or not they 're not required to do so, 
  actually they 're not by law , only by convention if the vote is her ridiculously close we might see the government have another one or something, 
  it 's ridiculously complicated compared to any other institution , and it 's not helped by the fact there are non-eu entities that sound like they are , like the european court of human rights for instance . 
  i can definitely understand how a layperson would n't understand a lot of the intricacies in european bureaucracy, 
  if the 5th biggest economy and 2nd biggest in the eu leaves you do n't think it 'll create an imbalance and leave a relatively unstable union . 
  it 'll also pave the way for any other nations that might want to leave . 
  does n't surprise me that france want one , they 're usually the most similar to us on europe . 
   ignorance of how the eu actually works is a trait shared by most of those calling for it to `` change '' . 
  ignorance about the eu stems from the fact the eu is the most convoluted institution in the world . 
  i studied it for about 4 years and even i would n't say i have a full grasp on it , despite achieving a first in the module at university . 
  i would n't be surprised to see it stay even when we do leave to be honest, 
  because costs to the businesses are n't the same . 
  if you use a polish carrier in the uk then you are using uk networks and data towers that the polish carrier did n't pay to setup for instance and it 's far more expensive for uk providers to provide that system, 
  it really is n't important what words he used because i 'm fairly sure he meant newspaper seeing as what he said is true for newspaper sites, 
  all i meant is that each paper tends to have something to attract people , though the mail is better than most . 
  it helps that the daily mail 's website was one of the best early on , far far better than any other including like the bbc and so on . 
  it also was the first to have a decent app on mobile and tablet . 
  well i mean you also have that with other papers . 
  the guardian and times will get traffic from their university tables for instance , the sun their sports coverage etc. 
  i think he meant newspaper websites . 
  i mean the sun and mail are like 50p - # 1 their content is questionable to say the least but the last thing they 're doing is price gouging us . 
  bbc is n't a newspaper website though which is the main point . 
  the daily mail website gets far more traffic than the guardian , sun , telegraph etc, 
  owned by a british company yeah, 
  assembly is what counts when the `` made in x '' is concerned, 
  the uk has a variety of things but for instance british steel is some of the best in the world , there are also a few car manufacturers here not to mention clothing and so on . 
  unilever are our biggest manufacturer ( food , household and personal care ) followed by rio tinto ( metals ) and glaxokleinsmith ( pharmaceuticals ), 
  primark is actually irish, 
  no its not . 
  it 's potentially gone to sixth as france and the uk are generally neck and neck and currency fluctuations can change it but india ( 7th ) is far far behind both, 
  smoking pot will not get you prison time , dealing it will . 
  stealing is stealing no matter the motive these rights are restored to you after you have served your sentence until then you do not have the same rights as anyone else , you do n't have freedom of movement , speech etc nor anything else, 
  do n't put words in my mouth i did not say that at all . 
  i said that i do not think prisoners should be deemed responsible enough for the vote as punishment for their own actions . 
  i have not mentioned anything about what prison should or should not be about however if you believe they are about reforming the prisoners , then surely you do not think they are responsible enough to begin with ? 
  in any case it 's going too far to argue that you can not achieve universal suffrage because prisoners can not vote, 
  yes , and you gave up your right to decide on that when you broke the law we do not let anyone under 18 vote because they are not deemed responsible enough to do so , a convicted criminal should in my opinion be seen as similarly irresponsible and should not be given the right to vote until they are seen as responsible enough to rejoin society, 
  i would argue that those rights should not apply when you have not acted like a citizen . 
  if you do n't respect the state you are a citizen of and break the law , why do you deserve the right to vote for who governs you whilst you are serving time ? 
  technically women could vote in the uk until 1830 , there was no law prohibiting it however the amount of property that you had to own was substantial so only a small handful of women met the criteria due to inheritance or whatever . 
  when the uk expanded the vote to the middle classes they closed the loophole and made it so `` men over 21 who owned x amount could vote `` whereas before it said '' landowners `` or something similar, 
  it depends if you give them the vote back after they get out of prison the us is much worse than the uk in my opinion because i 'm some states felons can not vote even when they have served their sentence i do n't see why a prisoner deserves to be able to vote to be honest , however restricting it after the fact is bad, 
  of course not , i was thinking of non english films . 
  i 'd imagine quebec has a fair few french movies, 
  heating most likely , also i would imagine you spend less time outside because of the climate, 
  which british accent , we have a decent enough variety from john o groats to lands end, 
  the uk only has cows and they 're mostly moody . 
  gdp per capita puts the us ahead but not by too much before wwii https://i.stack.imgur.com/azsk3.png, 
  really ? 
  the uk is the 5th largest economy in the world and has over double the population not to mention it 's the financial hub of europe . 
  their state university has the same name as mine in the uk which is annoying to me for some reason, 
  the data could 've simply been separated by region for germany and n.ireland but not for great britain, 
  you 're from greece and you can worry about somebody else ? 
  the nhs are n't being privatised nor are they relevant to my point, 
  oh i would n't call the ussr socialist but you can have a socialist state with state owned production, 
  germany has had a christian party in charge for over a decade , what do you expect, 
  yeah but tunnels under sea is cooler than anything . 
  also calzone which is a semi-circle, 
  not a good analogy at all . 
  homosexuals have the option to marry if they want to , it just has to be to the opposite gender which they might not prefer . 
  but it says belarus on it so i 'm calling bullshit . 
  it can be either . 
  that 's because the us is on the crazy right end of the spectrum . 
  i mean technically they do have perfect equality already , men gay or straight have the right to marry a woman , and women gay or straight have the right to marry a man . 
  but yeah it 's simply not the biggest deal in germany , not something you 'd change your vote for . 
  sounds spanish though so close enough . 
  arguably though you could argue that ukraine was occupying a territory that never wanted to be part of it, 
  that 's just because france is biding their time making germany very caught off guard for when le pen gets elected, 
  corbyn planning to impose a 3 line whip is hilariously ironic from the most rebellious backbencher of labour, 
  as i said , turkish universities are part of the erasmus program so i ca n't see why british universities ca n't be, 
  it 'll definitely continue and uk universities will probably still be a part of it . 
  literally the first uk university i clicked on was queen mary 's who offer an erasmus exchange with istanbul and ankara universities . 
  he is polish . 
  he does n't play for the polish national team but he is polish . 
  fifa rules do n't apply here , it does n't matter what country you represent but what country you were born in, 
   googlasin i have to assume this means ` to google ' but it sounds hilarious, 
  legally ? 
  in practice pretty much . 
  the odd mp might choose to abstain but they rarely vote against their whip , corbyn was one of the most notorious for it . 
  if an mp carries on ignoring the whip they 'll likely find themselves forever a backbencher and/or losing their candidacy at the next election, 
  possibly , i do n't see refugees returning to syria though personally . 
  why would you move back to a war torn nation that will be incredibly unstable and probably not have a functioning economy for at least a decade when you can stay in sweden where quality of life is one of the highest in the world ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's good or bad thing or what should be done about it , just that the 10m mark was reached a few years earlier than it would 've done naturally . 
  they might well be but without exceptionally high immigration for the last 2 years sweden would 've probably reached the 10m mark in 2-3 years time, 
  i pay # 9,000 a year . 
  as does every other student so yes i expect the university to be able to afford to allow me to access any resources i need to study .
