  oh and scotland is `` why is scotland ... yard called scotland yard '' scotland 's less important than a building in london , ha . 
  i think it 'd be close but gibraltar would probably not be able to beat and hold all of spain, 
  but they do n't . 
  otherwise he would n't be the least popular leader of the labour party ever . 
  labour party members agree , the electorate do not . 
  that is why he has lead in only a single poll in over a year now . 
   railways , healthcare and welfare with corbyn yeah of course the majority agree with him when he says that he can give everyone , their mothers and their dogs loads of free shit without explaining how in the world he is going to pay for it . 
  it 's always great to promise shit but as soon as he gets called out on anything he does n't have even an inkling of an answer , not costs , not plans just ideals . 
  and it 's very easy to agree with ideals . 
   aside from that , corbyn wants to refrain from any foreign military intervention while trump has shown signs he wants to escalate things in syria oh i know they are different on lots of topics and they are very much on different ends of the political spectrum , i just find it funny how a fair few of their policies align even though they 're for completely different reasons . 
   many do n't want austerity . 
  many do n't want economical liberalism and deregulation . 
  many do n't want privatizations or cuts to welfare . 
  you carry on saying many like it makes it right . 
  there are no figures that say the majority or even a sizeable minority agree with corbyn 's policies , * especially * when it comes to policies outside of welfare and railways . 
  on foreign policy he is completely off base with the electorate , not to mention his `` economics '' would bankrupt the country in 3 months if he put everything he wanted to do into plan, 
  they are not meant to be that kind of person , but labour is not a socialist nor a social democratic party . 
  britain apart from a small minority that have taken over labour do not have those tendencies and is why corbyn is completely the wrong choice for labour . 
  yeah ... that 's a fine position to take except for the fact he 's trying to become prime fucking minister of one of those western countries, 
  no , no it is not . 
  gibraltar is british through and through , spain wants it but gibraltar does not , nor do the residents of the falklands . 
  what he wants is to basically retreat inside his own bubble of britain where he can believe that everything is good and perfect . 
  you 're being sarcastic right please say you 're being sarcastic and do n't actually believe this  and there is a large consensus behind the policies that corbyn is bringing to the table . 
  yeah , the british people are * totally * in favour of removing trident , giving up the falklands , leaving nato and a universal basic wage . 
  oh wait , they 're not . 
  at all . 
  the only policy that corbyn has that is popular is renationalising the railways . 
  the other things he talks about he may as well be talking about terraforming merseyside and colonising jupiter because they 're just as likely and probably cost about the same amount . 
  membership may have doubled but popular opinion has plummeted since he became leader . 
   painting an spanish flag in the rock , he actually wants that too . 
  well he did n't say exactly that but he wanted to `` share '' gibralter with spain . 
  seriously i have no fucking clue what goes through his mind when he says these things . 
  yep , she was behind him for about a week in the tail end of july . 
  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html also the republican media was trying to * help * bernie sanders win the democrat convention because he would be eaten alive by any republican nominee . 
  corbyn does n't even want to be in nato . 
  amusingly enough on foreign policy corbyn and trump sort of hold similar positions though from the complete opposite ends of the spectrum . 
  i did n't know corbyn had won the leadership elections of the social democratic party . 
  labour are definitely not socialist , blair is the only labour leader to win an election since 1974 and i do n't think anyone would class harold wilson ( the last labour victor ) was a socialist either . 
  britain has no appetite for socialism , it died a hard death a long , long time ago . 
  corbyn is not leaps and bounds ahead of blairites unless you 're a hardcore conservative because he guarantees a conservative majority as long as he is leader . 
  i 'd be very surprised if it does n't happen before the next general election, 
  the other way around is more common , so when students go home they have work . 
  but really it 's just the christmas period that 's got extra staff on , easter is n't too busy and summer definitely is n't . 
  students for instance love them . 
  it means they can go home for christmas , easter etc or keep jobs back at home for when they go back . 
  that 's just one example but mcdonald 's trialled giving staff the option between 3 different length contracts ( full time , part time , 0 hours ) and 80 % wanted to keep 0 hours . 
  0 hours contracts can be bad when used in normal circumstances but in certain types of jobs they 're beneficial . 
  personally i 'm on a 0 hours and the flexibility it gives me is great . 
  if you look at full time employment ours is also one of the highest in europe so, 
  perhaps not but there 's nothing wrong with 0 hour contract in some cases . 
  not really . 
  yes an eu member . 
  it makes no sense for a member leaving the eu, 
  it was on top gear briefly last week and i had absolutely no idea what was going on, 
   except those 49 % would merely have been disappointed , rather than losing their right to live and work in europe , watch the economy go to hell and deal with the possibility of losing their jobs . 
  or they have blamed the eu * for * losing their jobs , blamed the eu for the 2008 meltdown and had many of their own problems . 
  they 're not fully assimilated because they were discriminated against for the better part of the 19th and 20th century . 
  i do n't think that 's really a model we want to emulate, 
   last month the had a bbq ( without bacon : / ) i 've never had a bbq with bacon , it does n't cook very well on a bbq . 
  maybe it 's just who i 've interacted with but most muslims i 've met have never really asked for special treatment apart from asking for some dietary requirements which are no more awkward than someone who is `` gluten free '' or a vegetarian / vegan, 
  woolwich is in london, 
  it did n't say that anywhere in the article , but if it 's about adult education then the whole thing is even more ridiculous . 
  one complaint by the school was that the muslim population was `` forcing '' their religion on other students because they were praying in the hallway . 
  yet instead of establishing a prayer room which is what they wanted they banned it . 
   but you should . 
  apart from you being an athiesm , fuck religion type of person why is religion a bad thing exactly ? 
  and bringing up a child as a catholic or a hindu etc is not fucking child abuse . 
  you 're a moron, 
  if a school ran by mcdonalds was believed in by the parents and exceeded the results of state run schools then i definitely would n't have a problem with it . 
  schools are already massively biased compared to which country they 're in and by the curriculum they set . 
  religious schools as well at least in the uk are not taxpayer funded they are private institutions . 
  as long as these institutions are held to similar standards as state schools ( again which they are in the uk ) then i do not exactly see a problem with them . 
  how is that the reasonable solution ? 
  religion might have no place in education but that 's a far cry from saying that you should ban it entirely for children . 
  it 's a parents right to bring a child up how they like and there 's nothing inherently wrong with a religious school , i went to a christian school and it was a much better school than the state school i went to afterwards despite any religious connotations, 
  libraries that are probably owned by the state so ca n't exist in capitalist america, 
  maybe because we do n't have many pure metal bands ? 
  we have a lot of bands that are punk , ska , grunge , hard rock etc. 
  we do n't have a reputation for specifically metal afaik, 
  really ? 
  we 've always had one and it 's great . 
  amusingly greece is n't really considered part of western civilisation any more either, 
  so if we 're talking about all the costs of smoking should we not account for the jobs that have been created by the tobacco industry ? 
  the tobacco industry is a multibillion pound industry yet is n't ever evaluated when it comes to overall `` costs '' of smoking . 
  why treat adults like children when it comes to cigarettes ? 
  legalisation is something most people ( especially ) on reddit are greatly in favour of when it comes to marijuana but cigarettes ? 
  they 're dirty and disgusting and should be banned ? 
  hypocrisy no, 
  smoking costs the nhs way way less . 
  it costs `` society '' more through things like smoke breaks but it 's a miniscule amount either way as it does n't account for smokers dying earlier . 
  so your parents were arseholes and you blame the cigarettes ? 
  should we ban alcohol because someone 's father was an abusive drunk and abused his child ? 
  should we ban fast food because a mother only bought her children mcdonalds and now they 're obese ? 
  there is an alternative for transport . 
  electric cars , pushbikes , public transport . 
  they ca n't smoke menthols though . 
  nor can they afford it the way its going, 
  http://www.ash.org.uk/files/documents/ash_121.pdf even accounting for all of that , it 's a relatively miniscule amount in the large scheme of things . 
   not all of us . 
  but there 's not much more of an argument to be made than `` i think we should be able to decide that on our own '' .
