  it sucks that some of the journals are so expensive ( though in politics it was n't * that * bad iirc ) but students should get access through their universities . 
  of course . 
  but i would expect that to be a base function of every university . 
   there 's no way my lecturer will pay for a paper , even if it fits perfectly what i need . 
  which university are you at that papers are n't paid for by the university ? 
  i only found a single journal at university i could n't access and i went to the library office and requested access , had it by the afternoon . 
  it 's the same in any university in the uk afaik, 
  why not ? 
  they 're virtually the same geographical location , austria is just slightly further south czech republic is central europe , not eastern, 
  if you count czech rep as eastern europe surely you need to count austria too . 
  czech rep is hardly eastern europe . 
  just stop, 
  and how exactly do you differentiate between sri lankans , bangladeshis , indians , pakistanis etc by sight alone ? 
  fair enough , i do n't think i actually know any iranians but i can definitely get why they might do that, 
  i hear persian but more for cuisine than person, 
  i 've heard it quite a bit . 
  it 's not a pc phrase but i do n't think many people would be bothered by it, 
  desi is also more for hindus no ? 
  i know the word but would n't use it to describe someones appearance or race, 
  i tend to think of both i have to say . 
  if i 'm trying to describe specifically a chinese or japanese etc guy i 'll say south east asian or east asian for indians , pakistanis , sri lankans etc, 
  but asians are n't mostly muslim , i would think of someone from india as a hindu first which does n't really bring any negative connotations that i know of, 
  green bring the negative colour fucks with my brain . 
  guess i 'm not colour blind though so, 
  that 's exactly what you 're saying . 
  you 're saying anyone who looks asian would be called indian, 
  first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a socialist . 
  then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a trade unionist . 
  then they came for the jews , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a jew and nor will my grandchildren, 
  yeah i 'm not saying german does n't have latin roots , but that the words that mostly have the u in them come from french for english whereas german spells words a lot simpler . 
  the original spellings in british english come from french in your examples , not german . 
  our language has influences from a lot of different sources compared to german which basically has the same root, 
  even western europe is pretty split with lots of people saying they learn british english at school and so on, 
  i would n't say that 's necessarily true , india is the second largest speaking english nation and speaks british english for instance, 
  lots of the spellings that are changed between english and american english come from a french base who take it from latin . 
  the u serves the purpose of making sure the word is spelt correctly . 
  anyway , the u is n't silent . 
  without the u , the word would be pronounced like colon ( co-lore ) rather than co-lur, 
  probably lifts so needs a lot of protein, 
  eggs last for like a month in the cupboard , why would you need them to last any longer, 
  some do but i think that 's just because they 're usually made by american companies . 
  some people do but you do n't need to , have you ever seen eggs in the fridge section of the supermarket ? 
  not really . 
  the loan repayments are pretty generous and get written off after a certain amount of years, 
  i do n't really have a problem with this depending on how they implement it which is the major issue . 
  age verification for products is nothing new , i need to be able to prove i 'm 18 to buy porno mags , alcohol , cigarettes etc. 
  why should online pornography be any different . 
  the problem comes in it 's implementation . 
  if it forces every site to take your card details then i would be worried , this information is obviously very important and should it be left unsecure which it well might be if every site requires it then it leaves lots of potential abuse . 
  if however it forces you to show it to your isp then i do n't have much of a problem with it , if they come up with a way to prove your age without giving up personal information then that is fine too . 
  but actually having more robust checks than `` i am 18 '' is not a bad thing . 
  pornography is widely available to children nowadays , and i personally do n't think it should be . 
  there is research to back this up as stated in the article ( https://www.nspcc.org.uk/services-and-resources/research-and-resources/2016/review-children-young-people-harmful-sexual-behaviour-online/ ) and i do n't especially see any reason not to have more robust checks if technology allows you to keep your data secure . 
  i do n't really have a problem with this depending on how they implement it which is the major issue . 
  age verification for products is nothing new , i need to be able to prove i 'm 18 to buy porno mags , alcohol , cigarettes etc. 
  why should online pornography be any different . 
  the problem comes in it 's implementation . 
  if it forces every site to take your card details then i would be worried , this information is obviously very important and should it be left unsecure which it well might be if every site requires it then it leaves lots of potential abuse . 
  if however it forces you to show it to your isp then i do n't have much of a problem with it , if they come up with a way to prove your age without giving up personal information then that is fine too . 
  but actually having more robust checks than `` i am 18 '' is not a bad thing . 
  pornography is widely available to children nowadays , and i personally do n't think it should be . 
  there is research to back this up as stated in the article ( https://www.nspcc.org.uk/services-and-resources/research-and-resources/2016/review-children-young-people-harmful-sexual-behaviour-online/ ) and i do n't especially see any reason not to have more robust checks if technology allows you to keep your data secure . 
  https://www.nspcc.org.uk/services-and-resources/research-and-resources/2016/review-children-young-people-harmful-sexual-behaviour-online/ the whole reason for this is that there 's scientific research to backup the claim that pornography is damaging to young minds . 
  well yes , it 's in the article . 
   an nspcc report in 2016 said online pornography could damage a child 's development and decision-making and had been seen by 65 % of 15-16 year olds and 48 % of 11-16 year olds . 
  i think it 's this one https://www.nspcc.org.uk/services-and-resources/research-and-resources/2016/review-children-young-people-harmful-sexual-behaviour-online/, 
  but i want boobs !, 
  but yeah honestly i really do n't see a major problem with it as long as the information is secured safely . 
  i think the best solution would be giving that information to your isp rather than individual porn sites, 
  there 's no information about what exactly will be required , just identification in some form . 
  news stories seem to be spinning the credit card angle but that 's just because it 's the same as any gambling website ( where you can use a debit card anyway ), 
   curious : do you have to prove your identity when you buy a printed porn magazine in the uk ? 
  yes , you need to be able to prove you are over 18 . 
  i think it 's using the definition of a child as under 10 ( or maybe 12 ), 
  they 're fine too and i would n't turn them down but i would n't choose any of them over gbp, 
  that makes more sense and is understandable . 
  bar usd and eur i think the only currencies i might take over gbp is swiss francs and yen, 
  you just said you do n't think you 'd ever take a contract in gbp . 
  so even if this crisis stopped then you still would n't take it . 
  survey was done by vouchercloud , says in the bottom left which is a big uk company, 
  it 's not been any more volatile than the euro was during the greek crisis or the usd in 2008, 
  i guess , does n't seem any odder to me than us companies using usd or swiss ones using francs, 
  4th most traded currency in the world . 
  well you 'd be alone in that and it 's not like the euro or dollar has n't had their own crashes in the last 10 years . 
  why would a british company publish a report in euros when it deals in sterling ? 
  euros are n't the only currency used in europe and sterling is still the 4th most traded currency in the world . 
   and low population usually means less crime , not more . 
  not if you look at per capita, 
  what if you did it with 50p coins as they are hexagonal, 
  uniformed staff are very common . 
  i do n't agree with the shorts ban as it 's unpractical but there 's absolutely nothing wrong with a dresscode or uniform assuming that it is practical which this is not . 
  the uk is one of the most pliant countries in the eu which is why our population has such a dim view of it . 
  well i can defend it because a single mep decided to vote against something and was overturned . 
  i mean there 's loads of things that get voted against for various reasons . 
   egyptians did elect islamists at first . 
  then they understood mistake and fixed it . 
  that 's called democracy . 
  they democratically elected the muslim brotherhood , then the military overthrew that . 
  democracy is the former thing , not the latter . 
  western democracy is not the only way forward , there are plenty of successful alternatives and plenty of places where western styled democracy has failed too .
