  i do n't think anyone is as blindly patriotic as america and we definitely see the faults in our own country ( even if we do n't agree what faults they are ) . 
  i would say the best way to describe britain is pessimistically patriotic . 
  hull is great too . 
  most of it is really apart from the funny bit that sticks out of your country . 
  why else would it be called * great * britain ? 
  you mean like the united kingdom of england of great britain and northern ireland ? 
  also the central african republic = car, 
  you can spend what you like really in london it 'll run you about # 4-5 a pint at least . 
  maybe # 10 to get into a club and maybe & # 7-8 for mixers and shorts . 
  however go to a student night and you can get # 1 beers , free entry , cheap shots etc, 
  well america is still not in the eu so either way, 
  we 've been in that era for a while, 
  lepen is definitely pretty competent , she 's done a pretty amazing job to change fn to a somewhat respectable party when before it was a complete joke of a party only known for its inherent racism . 
  many might not like her politics and for good reason but she 's far better than trump macron is pretty much the safe choice which is probably why he 'll crush lepen . 
  he 's not really anyones favourite but nobody strongly dislikes him as far as i can see, 
  i 've been to the us but not for very long but if they do n't have it i ca n't see how they could dislike a full english deep fried mars / snickers would likely be a hit too, 
  the last monarch to really exercise any of their powers was william iv when he interfered with parliamentary reform in roughly 1820-1830 . 
  he basically attempted to stop the reform act going through which would give voting rights to the middle classes by stuffing the lords , dissolving parliament ( for a new election , not getting rid of it entirely ) . 
  victoria on the other hand who followed him definitely spent her time outside of politics for the most part and due to her lengthy rule it essentially set the tone for the following monarchs of the 20th century . 
  william iv is n't really thought of very badly , or much at all i guess . 
  if you did n't take a-level history or british politics it 's likely most people would n't know about him . 
  charles i was the last monarch to try and wield absolute power ... which ended quite badly for him . 
  americans use going dutch to mean splitting a bill at a restaurant . 
  i thought for the longest time it was something sexual, 
  pfft , our stag parties will never die . 
  i quite like places like gibraltar , the falklands , hong kong and so on . 
  everyone else has a habit of beating us at our own sports like new zealand and rugby , australia , india , pakistan etc at cricket , wales at football, 
  quite like a fair bit of french music , of course rammsteinn , lordi . 
  listened to a fair bit of k pop and japanese stuff for a bit too though fuck if i remember their names , i find it hard enough to remember bands names i can pronounce, 
  shithead which is pretty simple , you have 3 cards face down and are dealt 6 cards of which you have to put 3 face up on top of the 3 fd then you essentially you have to always play higher or a special card ( we use 7 next card is lower , q goes again ,10 burns the pile , 2 on anything ) and if you ca n't play you pick up then the normal games like bridge , rummy , poker , solo, 
  bit off topic but do italians use hand gestures as much when they 're using a different language ? 
  i mean there 's loads of songs that everyone knows the words to but i would n't call many of them traditional the closest would be sweet chariot or jerusalem i guess but songs like bohemian rhapsody and so on are pretty much known universally, 
  our country is the best at making small talk with bonus points if it 's about the weather, 
  nah we would n't win anyway, 
  i was in germany on holiday and ended up at a waterpark with two friends who were much much darker than me so of course they did n't use suncream well i 'm ginger ... 
  so i burnt , really , really badly fucking everywhere as i was only wearing swimming shorts all day on our way back we had a couple of nights in paris and holy fuck was i in so much pain when we were doing all the touristy stuff . 
  like the last thing you want to be doing when you have almost third degree sun burn is looking around the louvre and stuff, 
  facebook or other social media is by definition public . 
  whilst you can not be fired for political opinions , you can be fired or face disciplinary action for actions that may harm the company image facebook or other social media is a part of this if you want to post any of these types of things on your wall i would recommend making your profile fully private , not have any colleagues able to see it and unlink your work it sounds draconian but it makes sense , if you 've got an employee insulting trump in this case then if you end up dealing with an american company then you put yourself and your company in an awkward position, 
  i 've been in a earthquake simulator as a kid but i think it felt a bit like turbulence on a plane, 
  more of a joke because russians always seem to have dash cams, 
  africas birth rate is n't increasing but it 's infant survival rate is rising rapidly so has a similar effect on population increases, 
  turkey if we 're counting them as european, 
  can i get the dashcam footage from the ussr tank ? 
  i mean you did vote for hollande so, 
  bavaria is like florida, 
   i just look back at my younger years and ca n't with clear conscience say that czechs are in fact not drunks . 
  everyone 's getting hammered , all the time , and no one frowns at it . 
  honestly the same can be said of a * lot * of europe , especially the uk and ireland . 
  binge drinking is so common here, 
  i 'm not gay but the only circumcised penis i 've ever seen irl was one of my oldest friends who had it done as a medical thing . 
  do n't know why anyone would * expect * it to be circumcised though, 
  it 's definitely not uncommon here , hell even the leader of our opposition enjoys making jam http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/jeremy-corbyn-mumsnet-biscuit_uk_57dfef58e4b028e52a117a39, 
  huh , odd . 
  i 've covered the tudors almost as much as wwii, 
  surely you covered the tudors and the war of the roses ? 
  cyprus and malta are in the eu , that does not necessarily mean they are part of europe . 
  cyprus for most of its history has been considered part of africa , not europe . 
  you say that you have a technical definition , so please tell me it . 
  show me a link saying exactly what countries are in europe, 
  no , but what other nations would you call culturally similar to europe that speak french , spanish , german or any other . 
  brazil , mexico , india , ethiopia etc i would not call european in a cultural sense . 
  tell me exactly what this technical line is then because there is n't one . 
  well where would you draw the lines of europe then ? 
  culturally you could draw the borders to include russia but not turkey , malta but not cyprus . 
  georgia but not iceland . 
  culturally speaking canada and australia are closer to europe than many countries inside of it so would you include those ? 
  historically speaking then turkey however would be included , during the ottoman empire they were very much considered a european power . 
  spain and portugal however have not always been . 
  geographically speaking you could include the continent , however that would exclude even the uk as it 's not connected , nor is cyprus or malta . 
  do you include russia in that definition ? 
  do you include turkey ? 
  both have parts in , and outside of the traditional geography of europe . 
  continents are not a factual thing , they are a social construct and therefore have much vaguer definitions than most people think, 
  the lines of europe have always been blurred . 
  as we are n't separated by an ocean line na or oceania its hard to put a line on where europe stops for instance is turkey part of europe , is russia ? 
  how about cyprus , malta and iceland ? 
  georgia , azerbaijan etc and if they are why not israel , iraq , iran ? 
  they tend to be smaller but i might pop in there here and there . 
  really depends on where i live and what 's closest to me . 
  our supermarkets stock pretty much everything so i would n't go specifically to one but i used to pop in relatively often as it was the closest to me and had some fairly cheap stuff . 
  would n't be surprised to be honest , there 's little reason for much apart from sporting events to be watched live . 
  other bank issued notes ? 
  i do n't know what the term would be for scottish , jersey etc pounds, 
  andy murray , lewis hamilton or mo farrah . 
  for all time it would probably be bobby charlton or one of the 1966 team, 
  you 've also got someone like steve davis who won the sports personality of the year as a snooker player , certainly not an athlete, 
  i skied on your face yesterday !, 
  ^ ^ in ^ ^ val ^ ^ d'isere, 
  you will only really see bank of england notes that are all over , most other currencies are n't common in other parts of the country, 
  you also have guernsey , jersey and the isle of man which all have their own currencies too, 
  well yeah i think americans should be disarmed , freedom of speech should n't be as protected as it is in the us , russia is hardly a nation of greatness and what exactly is wrong with hate speech laws ? 
  not to mention the fact the democrats do n't do any of those things but hey whatever you want to believe, 
  probably because he is villainised in germany much more so than austria due to being chancellor of germany . 
  france does n't do it either, 
  that 's southern spain to be fair, 
  / r/theredlion is n't specifically british but basically is and is decent too, 
  i only use my card during the day when i buy lunch or whatever from shops only chain pubs really have card machines without a limit on them and cash is useful ... also dealers do n't have contactless, 
  i feel connected to western european nations like germany , france and spain ( mainly as i 've spent a lot of time there ) but do n't feel any connection to eastern europe or greece / cyprus etc as the culture , language etc is very different, 
  on the plus side , skiing !,
