  i walk by a primary school everyday to get to uni , they 're louder than any music i ever play but it 's not like the police would ever close a school due to it, 
  bbq 's actually do have harmful effects if you breathe it in enough . 
  apart from the supermarket home brands you have either fosters or carling in the uk . 
  for pure cheap drunkeness though ? 
  you 're looking for cider , which means you want frosty jacks , last time i looked it was # 2 for a 3l bottle and it 's 7.5 % so you will get smashed, 
  it depends from where you 're coming from . 
  a spanish person probably would n't have that hard of a time going to portugal , but a scandinavian might on the other hand . 
  however in my mind there 's a few different style of cultures within europe ; latin countries : spain , italy , portugal etc germanic nations : germany , austria , czech republic , netherlands eastern europe : poland , lithuania , latvia , romania and so on scandinavia : finland , denmark , norway , sweden britain & france i 'd put in the same category too i 'd say from the states , then scandinavian cultures would be pretty hard to adapt to . 
  or from specific countries ? 
  then places like hungary to romania , turkey to greece or vice-versa could be difficult due to deep divides between the nations, 
  yeah , i get it . 
  i still find it weird , whereas you ask first generation immigrants who have just gotten visas etc they 'll probably be proud to say they 're american . 
  do you consider yourselves american ? 
  or californian , texan , idohan ( ? ), 
  michiganian ( ? ) ? 
  ( also states do n't make it easier to have an identifier ) that 's in very simplistic terms though , most people will consider themselves english / scottish / welsh first , and british second ( then possibly european third ), 
  then again , some people identify themselves as british but come from gibraltar or the falkland islands, 
  it 's basically a map of immigration many first generation immigrants seem to consider themselves british , whereas most people who have had family here for a long time consider themselves english / scottish / welsh primarily ( though they may also consider themselves british , that was n't asked ), 
  i actually glanced at the map and assumed the london map was actually n.ireland and got incredibly confused when it said about 40 % of you think yourselves british, 
  so you came 2 generations ago , how many of you have actually even visited ireland , let alone lived there . 
  my grandmother was german and my grandfather latvian , my mother 's a first generation immigrant and i 'm a second , but we still classify ourselves as english as we were born here . 
  tyroleon gr\u00f6stl is something i live off if i go skiing in austria . 
   they learned their lesson the ~ ~ first ~ ~ second time . 
  the english and the welsh to an extent are really the only ones who do n't mind being called british , to scots and the irish , they are scottish or irish first , british second . 
  the english sort of interchange british and english , probably because england sort of became britain , it 's not like we were subjected or refused independence etc. 
  yeah ww2 , an example 60 years ago before we had televisions or telephones in most houses . 
  the world has changed a lot since then , with the un there 's no reason to get involved in a lot of these areas . 
  why get involved in afghanistan ? 
  to root out the taliban ? 
  why are the taliban pissed off at america ? 
  mainly for their interventionism in the middle east . 
  there 's been no reason to get involved in any conflict of late , and if there is a reason then the un should sanction it . 
  more likely , they were brought up catholic and just never made the jump , they just did n't think about it . 
  honestly , britain is just apathetic towards it . 
  there was a poll a while back ( before we passed the gay marriage act ) , and i think 41 % said they just did n't really care one way or the other . 
  i do n't think people really saw the differences between civil partnerships and marriage , they were legally the same thing , the only thing that changed was the name . 
  it 's like getting annoyed at wanting an orange and somebody giving you one but calling it an apple . 
  i think it was focusing on western europe , not europe as a whole . 
  no , the states and the eu are on either side of us . 
  i find it an extremely comfortable place . 
  you ca n't beat a good [ fry up ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_0pzwkzvsmbo/tcrbotgldzi/aaaaaaaabio/uk0joadehtk/s400/english-breakfast-blackpudding.jpg ), 
  having similar opinions on these things does n't mean you need uniting . 
  it would mean losing your sovereignty , and if you asked people it would be a resounding no . 
  also there are only 4 countries , britain , france and germany have been fairly similar throughout the late 20th century , at least in terms of ideals . 
  spain is a slight outlier , but even so is fairly close . 
  try including greece , poland and bulgaria and you 'll likely see very different results . 
  it 'd be like conducting a survey with nj , ny , vermont and new hampshire and saying that the us has a very similar opinion on most things . 
  then try adding louisiana or nevada into that list ? 
  and you wo n't see the us being that united, 
  language is a barrier , definitely . 
  one that in my opinion will become less of a problem , the more technology persists but i do n't think we 'd ever have one worldwide culture , most countries have about a dozen different cultures within them and i think that 's a great thing . 
  yeah , there was a post a while back showing the activity and viewer rates of the countries , india had something like 20 % of the viewership , but 2 % of the comments . 
  try saying that to an irish person . 
  the republic of ireland is a separate country , has been since 1921 . 
  northern ireland is a tiny bit at the top that is still part of the united kingdom , though not necessarily british , depending on who you 're talking to . 
  also when joking , we talk about england / ireland / wales and scotland rather than the united kingdom . 
  how often have you heard , a frenchman , an american and a british man were ... 
  to be fair if it counts your own country , i make a ton more jokes about northerners than i ever do about irish / scottish / welsh or french . 
  wales is probably a close 2nd, 
  i 'm pretty happy in britain , but if i had to move it 'd probably be to france or austria , hopefully somewhere close to the alps , lyons maybe, 
  there just tend to be more of them , and they get caught / convicted much more often, 
  well , we 're the eu average , not often you can say that about britain, 
  eastern european countries are typically in the north and central east of europe , basically countries that were part of the ussr . 
  similarly , `` western europe '' is not just countries in the west such as britain , spain and france , but of the non-ussr nations of the 20th century , so greece is actually counted as part of western europe , as is sweden , finland and the like, 
  oh i know that , obviously with 7,000 people . 
  still pretty interesting though, 
  the [ city of london ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_of_london ) has only 7,000 people living in it , despite london having over 8 million . 
  because russia is known for its giving in to america 's demands ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you can find some russians who still believe they 're at war with america, 
  either way , he was still one of the greats , i 'd just put wellington at his level when it came to grand strategy , though maybe not battlefield tactics . 
  on the battlefield napoleon revolutionised modern combat , i agree he was better than wellington in this respect however in grand strategy napoleon was terrible . 
  as you said yourself , he attacked the * whole * of europe . 
  he overextended by attacking russia in winter and fighting on too many sides . 
  hannibal is the exception , but caeser / alexander and genghis all * won * . 
  earl grey i think comes pretty close, 
  the reason hadrian 's wall was put up was because nobody cared much about scotland . 
  it had no real value to the roman empire , nor did it to any successive invaders . 
  the viking invasion in about 800ad almost completely ignored scotland for the majority of their conquests , content with simply raiding there . 
  norman conquests again sort of ignored scotland for the most part , it was n't until edward i in 1200 that england put a ton of resources into conquering scotland . 
  britain has a ton , though i probably know more simply because i 've been taught a lot of british history duke of wellington i would add for the napoleonic period , often overlooked , but wellington was seen as much or more capable than napoleon , seeing as he did n't get exiled twice , nor become a dictator , ( though he became pm i guess ) francis drake i 'd add in for elizabethan times , mainly because he put a massive middle finger up to spain and they could n't do anything about it edward i , pacifying wales and although ultimately failed in taking over scotland , he is known as the hammer of the scots for a reason . 
  we have two incredible mythological figures of britain though , the first being obviously arthur ( who was more welsh anyway ) , and the second being brutus of troy , who was supposedly descended aeneas of troy , and the first king / founder of britain . 
  ( he has little historical basis , but still important i think ) scotland specifically i dislike to mention , but robert the bruce and william wallace are blatant ones . 
  it might n't have been so cut and dry . 
  the use of offensive language may violate civic laws in france , i do n't know if it * is * the case in france , but it is in some countries within europe, 
  not necessarily . 
  whilst the majority of the internet does have american roots , once you start looking at other languages , especially east asian ( chinese / korean / japanese ) then it becomes less american dominant . 
  however that 's just the world we live in , many industries are american dominated , the internet is no exception, 
  india has the second largest proportion of users iirc on reddit but they barely post from there , whereas americans are much more likely to post , so it seems like there 's more of them, 
  you know there 's been multiple attempts to try to create universal languages , but they all fail . 
  top 50 sure , but top 10 ? 
  you only have st andrews , edinburgh is in the top 20 and glasgow at 23 . 
  the other top scottish universities , aberdeen / dundee / stirling etc are all between 40-50 . 
  they are still british waters right now , the referendum has n't set borders as far as i know , so britain could say you have independence as a nation , but these are still our waters . 
  for me , it 's not a question of whether scotland should get to choose or not , a referendum is set for 2014 regardless . 
  for me it 's about whether should or should n't choose to leave . 
  i believe they should n't . 
  they have a great deal to lose , and not a huge amount to gain . 
  outside of china and america , britain is one of the most powerful nations in the world , whether we 're talking about soft power or hard power . 
  our position between the eu , america and even the commonwealth puts the uk in a position that no other country is in . 
  this allows for the uk to have power internationally .
