  i mean there 's no warmth but we still get sunlight . 
  it 's actually a really nice day here, 
  she has a good chance of making it to the second round however she is very unlikely to make it past that stage because she 's deeply unpopular with everyone bar her support base but then again we 're in a period where every prediction seems to go wrong , conservatives winning a majority in the uk in 2015 , brexit , trump , italys referendum result and austria had an unexpected outcome too, 
  to be fair i 'm still struggling with how that happened . 
  seems like you have a german sense of humour there, 
  and most of the people who attended it were probably born long after she was prime minister . 
  its become real popular to hate thatcher for `` stealing our milk '' when they were n't even born at the time . 
   how about beach and bitch ? 
   beach , bitch , biatch , bach , bech, 
  portugal and the uk have the longest running alliance of all time . 
  the anglo-portugal treaty was signed in 1386 and has been of great benefit to both countries across multiple wars . 
  diplomatically it is definitely portugal . 
  we have had the longest running alliance of all time the anglo portugal treaty has been in effect since 1386 , they 've helped us in quite a few wars and we 've protected them from spanish expansion as well as during the napoleonic wars, 
  boxing day as that 's when the football 's on . 
  sorry i do n't know much about austrian politics , is fpo the party likely to win the government next year ? 
  either way i think that a right wing social but fiscally left wing party is much better than a socially and fiscally right wing party gaining power again i do n't know much about austrian politics but did n't a green or at least a green presidential candidate win the election , how is fpo the favoured party after that ? 
  ukip whilst holding right-wing social views though have more left wing views in other matters in all honesty the simple dichotomy of left to right is n't very useful in my opinion for judging entire parties . 
  irish is the official language they use in the eu technically i think . 
  but yes , english and irish are both official languages and english is the predominant one . 
  just like malta 's official languages are english and maltese, 
  far right such as the bnp or edl are seen as a joke in this country and the conservatives whilst definitely right wing have moved much more to the central position . 
  ukip are n't really right wing since farage left and are still finding their feet but their policies are essentially trying to gain the working class labour vote . 
  their membership is very split though , since are incredibly right wing but the leadership is less so, 
  irelands official language is irish, 
  irelands official language is unsurprisingly irish, 
  i 'm talking about the us as a whole , but even california is fairly republican outside of the cities which is a fact most people forget . 
  not that i 'm saying they 're socially conservative though as i do n't actually know, 
  sweden , finland , denmark and norway are amongst the most progressive countries in europe and all teach in english iirc other than that , only france , spain and germany teach in their own languages for the most part i think . 
  the netherlands is a good option too, 
  san francisco is the exception not the norm i think . 
  zante , magaluth and ibiza are pretty much the three main party islands that brits go to get absolutely smashed france , spain and ireland are probably the other three most popular destinations france and austria are the main places for skiing rome , paris , barcelona , amsterdam and berlin are the main city getaways, 
  right now , the uk has n't left the eu and is in a pretty poor position , we do n't know what 's going to happen in the future with it . 
  but the uk succeeding in leaving the eu and france voting in an openly anti eu leader would be too much for it in my opinion . 
  also whilst austria may have voted a favourable candidate , italy just voted the other way entirely . 
  you 're one of the growing economies perhaps but that has n't helped any nation bar romania . 
  i personally just think the eu expanded much too quickly in the 21st century without any real thought of its own future . 
  seems like the pro eu fervour has definitely been dying down in the last year or two as well . 
  if le pen wins in france or even if britain simply succeeds in leaving the eu and doing well afterwards i think we might see the whole thing fall apart, 
  i personally would 've already stopped it , like before 2004 . 
  i feel like the eu would be much stronger right now if poland , cyprus , romania and so on had n't joined . 
  eastern europe is simply a different culture to the countries that were in the existing union , and where many of the complaints are generated . 
  i had an irish german teacher in school which was ... 
  interesting for pronunciation to say the least, 
  they do the self checkouts but not the scan as you shop stuff iirc, 
  tescos at least have started using the walk around scan your stuff thing . 
  the new amazon shop looks amazing in that you wo n't need to pay or scan your stuff, 
  probably the welsh , outside of the uk it 'd be pretty much everyone . 
  nah , europeans are the only ones who can be evil , you ca n't be evil if you do n't have a moustache you can twirl and the only people who can grow those are the french, 
  oh yeah , we do the best ipa and gin too , probably cider but sweden and you guys might argue that, 
  i find there 's a lot more cash machines ( atm 's ) in the uk than when i go abroad , so i carry a lot less cash knowing that i can go and get out a lot quite easily . 
  so i do n't carry much more than # 10 normally , though when i go out for a night i 'll probably be carrying # 60-100 out with me . 
  in france , germany or so on i tend to carry much more cash with me , more like $ 100-200, 
  there still common at the weekend, 
  the signs are essentially the same colour as the normal exit signs so they 're not exactly difficult to decipher i do n't see any reason to have them all in english though . 
  like spain uses salida signs for instance, 
  the french , spanish and italian do better wine . 
  germany and belgium do better beer ( well barring real ale ) , poland and russia do better vodka , the irish and scottish do better whisky and switzerland makes some black liquorice shit that makes me want to die . 
  the greek do the best ouzo , the danish do the best mead and austrians love their schnapps . 
  i love the raki from turkey and juniper is brilliant from the dutch norwegian akevitt , port from portugal , sweden is schnappy and palinka burns but in a good way but nobody apart from the english would consider drinking all of them in the same night, 
  how difficult is it to simply go to germany and buy the car then drive it back ? 
  uitgang is kind of obviously exit though like ausgang is german for exit all the signs are basically the same but with different words on the sign, 
  even in the uk we do n't really do toasts outside of more formal affairs , we 'll say cheers but at most we 'll say to the sesh or something, 
  cause the language is weird, 
  wow , no . 
  just no . 
  absolutely not . 
  the entire reason the uk is leaving is because it feels like the eu has overstepped its bounds since the original agreement . 
  this would be way too far for many countries , especially france who have a decent sized independence movement of their own anyway, 
  shaymus like sean is shawn, 
  apparently britain would go all fucking medieval and use castles and shit, 
  turkey bacon is disgusting, 
  yes they do . 
  that does n't mean they should though . 
  and it 's not the police messing up to arrest someone whose next to a dead or beaten body . 
  it 's much better to arrest them and then sort out the details that does n't mean handcuffs and all if they 're being cooperative though, 
  everyone whose saying game of thrones or whatever is just trying to make themselves and forgetting the insane amounts of people who watch all the crap reality tv shows . 
  i can guarantee that programs like great british bakeoff , britains got talent , strictly come dancing etc are all more popular than actual decent television unfortunately . 
  yeah i saw an article the other day that was outraged that a woman was arrested after killing a guy who was raping her , loads read that and automatically think that being arrested is the same as being guilty, 
  i mean of course he was arrested he just killed somebody . 
  it 's whether he was charged is the question, 
  eurgh i feel dirty saying it but it is definitely france . 
  hungarians might drink more on average but the brits are the best at binge drinking . 
  they do n't . 
  it 's a bit silly really and is why there 's a lot of littering in those areas . 
  people thinking their bag is more important than a person ? 
  yes . 
  the underground is really busy at most times of the day and seats are at a premium . 
  same for most trains , especially at peak hours, 
  bins are actually pretty rare in a lot of places in the uk because of bomb scares . 
  like there 's none at all inside of kings cross, 
  you just asked what are the big no-no 's then when told one you say `` nah , no thanks '' it 's not like you need to walk in completely butt naked , people definitely do but you can wear a towel around your waist . 
  wearing swimming trunks is weird though . 
  it 's common in most countries , the us is the odd one when it comes to shoes on . 
  some houses are different but the expectation is that shoes are n't worn past the hallway, 
   as if it was some sort of achievement that you can shove alcohol down your throat . ), 
  only countries that ca n't compete for this say that it 's not an achievement . 
  you 're just jealous of the trophy that we get every year . 
  i always find it odd that it 's not uk . 
   and by what obscure standards are eastern european immigrants less skilled than immigrants from any other place ??? 
  they 're not .
