  and if that negatively affects the mission then it should n't happen . 
  the same would probably happen vice-versa, 
  the uk 's # 2 though !, 
  same as the uk with the dunblane massacre, 
  but our stats include criminal activity too . 
  yeah , europe definitely does n't have the * italian * mafia , nor the russian mob . 
  nah they 're both american inventions, 
  and if northern / eastern europe decide that they want to allow more refugees in ? 
  that means that southern europe gets fucked because they are the ones actually taking them in, 
  germany has always enjoyed a good bombing too, 
  yeah but we were talking about portugal , not britain, 
  that 's fair enough , and it 's not like we send our best artists to eurovision either . 
  however surely with the uk 's music scene we should be able to finish better than we normally do, 
  are you trying to suggest sweden has a better music scene than the uk ? 
  trevor wilkinson ... the most romanian of names, 
  well , in all honesty they 're all russian anyway . 
  or soon to be, 
  still , even if there 's only 18 that should suggest we should come somewhere in the top half most years . 
  at minimum we should n't come in the bottom 20 every year , let alone in the bottom 3 most of the time, 
  the empire finished in the last year we won eurovision . 
  suspicious no ? 
   i 'm not going to call for for somebody to pop a bottle of ambiguous sparkling white wine to celebrate . 
  at least in the uk we use different names . 
  champagne is obviously from champagne , cava is spanish sparkling wine and prosecco is italian . 
  everything else is just sparkling . 
  i understand if you might not use it colloquially but you are not allowed to call it champagne if it was n't produced in champagne legally speaking . 
  which for a competition should be the case . 
  i 've no idea if parmasan is protected like champagne though, 
  i do n't know ... cuba is pretty much the undoubted world champion of baseball though as it 's won the world cup of baseball 25 times . 
  great britain also won it in the first year ... against the us !, 
  the us also has n't won the new tournament called the world baseball classic yet , their best place coming in 4th . 
  ( japan has won it twice and the dominican republic once ), 
  it had a kiwi and a canadian too, 
   and of course you can watch while travelling . 
  you ca n't watch netflix offline so no you ca n't . 
  i think premium allows more devices to be connected at once, 
  um , i absolutely can . 
  if i 'm paying the same ( or in many cases * more * ) amount as the us , i should expect a similar quality library . 
  just because netflix is an american company does n't mean that non american countries should get a lesser product . 
  to be honest you can barely call that meat, 
  seeing as his name is / u/veggie _ prussian i do n't think he likes meat, 
  apologies , i 've not been to mainland spain in a while , but that was the case in the canary islands, 
  wait , lidl do n't sell cigarettes ? 
  supermarkets still sell cigarettes , they 're just at a different counter though . 
  it 's common to see cigarettes being sold in supermarkets like that in spain at the very least too, 
  so you mean it would look more like germany then ? 
  it 's a student , so they 're probably walking around in the middle of the day when everyone 's at work, 
  the schengen area is essentially borderless . 
  as in you would n't need a passport to drive from portugal to romania should they join . 
  however a country not in the schengen area still has unlimited amounts of migrants from the eu , britain is n't in the schengen area either . 
  it just means that there 's a border control . 
  well it means a bit more than that but that 's it simplified, 
  they have great deals on their cheap food though, 
  why is a headscarf different from different dress codes for men and women in uniform ? 
  whys it discriminatory for women to wear headscarfs for instance but in the military women are allowed long hair but men not ? 
  huh , everyone in the thread has been saying that the uk had the worst bread in europe not above average, 
  what bread are you buying ? 
  there 's no sugar in most of the bread so it can not be sweet and if it is buy something fresh, 
  i 'm saying that if the cheapest supermarkets in the uk are german then german food shopping is likely going to be cheaper than the uk because they have the cheapest chains already . 
  even if they do n't all shop there, 
  where exactly would you consider better quality ? 
  we have the most stringent controls on agricultural production in the world . 
  nobody outside the eu comes close to the quality we hold the agricultural industry to, 
  vegans possibly , vegetarians no . 
  veganism seems to be much more popular in the us than europe , but every menu has at least a vegetarian option usually quite a few and you can definitely find vegetarian restaurants all over the place . 
  so * sweet * . 
  not just coke , everything . 
  at least ours is n't sweet like the us . 
  but if you buy freshly baked bread it 's halfway decent at any rate . 
  if you buy loaves of bread from kingsmill or whatever you 're not going to get great bread . 
  britain does n't eat nearly as much bread as france or germany though so no surprise the bread is worse . 
  spain 's bread is n't exactly great either because they do n't eat it nearly as often, 
   germany is significantly cheaper than france for groceries , probably cheaper than uk as well . 
  seeing as our cheapest supermarkets are both german i probably agree with you ( aldi and lidl ), 
  phone numbers , not just whatsapp . 
  i use whatsapp and fb messenger a bit but still mostly use texting and phonecalls . 
  neither has replaced normal phone usage . 
  even the civil war was attempting to break into a confederacy of loosely aligned states rather than fully independent nations . 
  there 's never really been a push for georgia to become independent for instance . 
  yes , but the roman empire fell over a millenia ago . 
  perhaps had managed to stay then we would see a united states of europe but it did n't . 
  and instead we 've had independent nations spring up everywhere . 
  which makes the situation entirely different to the formation of the us . 
  that 's like saying murder on the orient express is a chinese novel, 
  this only happens if it 's now called the commonwealth again . 
  i think that 's because more brits would want to move to anglosphere nations than eu nations . 
  especially as the anglosphere is more on par with britain than bulgaria , romania , poland and so on when it comes to economics and welfare . 
  it 's unlikely you 'd see canadians coming to the uk for the nhs and unemployment benefits for instance . 
   like , you ask people you 've just met for their phone number , rather than their facebook ?? 
  that 's like ... normal . 
  asking people for phone numbers is way more common than asking for their fb unless you 're under 21 i guess . 
  but it * was * . 
  the united states was formed out of essentially unpopulated areas where the population was formed of settlers . 
  the united states with the exception of a couple of states was formed from areas of land , not independent nations . 
  the vast majority of eu nations all have centuries of their own histories , traditions , cultures , languages ( actual different languages , not different dialects that you get within countries anyway ) etc. 
  actually meant relative majority which is the english term for the same thing but combined plurality with it . 
  wonder how much the new living wage coming in on 1 april for the uk will affect their standing here , it raises minimum wage to # 7.20 which is a significant amount . 
  puts us on roughly $ 1,600 a month but i 'm not entirely sure how the uk 's minimum wage was worked out in this . 
  plural majority, 
  major was in power for 7 years and whilst he was riding on the back of thatcher 's success he still was better than any labour alternatives .
