  russian leverage over germany is not good for europe . 
  russian leverage over hungary is n't good for hungary and we are actively reducing that . 
  it is n't where we get gas from now . 
  we hope to get gas from the croatia-hungary gas corridor via lng shipments from the kirk peninsula . 
  difference is we want to limit our reliance on russian gas not increase it . 
  i love it how germany fucks over the rest of the eu consistently but benefits immensely . 
  getting really tired of your shit germany . 
  sorry , but no . 
  hungary did not treat them like shit . 
  i would love it if you provided sources and allowed me to provide counter sources . 
  further hungary tried to enforce the dublin regulations and the border of the eu which it was told to do by germany . 
  the first time that hungary sent trains from the railway station germany told off hungary and threatened a lawsuit . 
  hungary has asked repeatedly for the german consulate to make an official declaration to the migrants but instead they do nothing . 
  germany if anything is the bad actor in this situation . 
  now it seems to protect our citizens and the eu the military will protect the border by force and we have made an agreement if necessary with slovakia and czechia for train corridor directly to germany . 
  that definition continues `` refugees have to move if they are to save their lives or preserve their freedom . '', 
  these people are not moving to save their lives , the people that need saving are in syria . 
  it has harmed our countries as there are fewer and fewer doctors and surgeons . 
  quite literally there are major fields of medicine that are lacking significantly and it has impacted the everyday lives of the people even in budapest . 
  does n't make hating refugees right , but does n't mean you have to hate refugees to be against this idea and to think it is absolutely insane . 
  germany quite literally is not acting responsibly and that is affecting everyone . 
  the interesting thing is both france and uk agree that this is insane . 
  you quite seriously have never lived in a communist state but even so your naivete and ignorance is still absolutely shocking . 
  the soviet union was masked russian imperialism which as we can see today is a large threat . 
  no , but that definition comes word for word from unhcr and it does discuss economic migrants immediately underneath that definition . 
  `` migrants , especially economic migrants , choose to move in order to improve the future prospects of themselves and their families . '', 
  that [ definition ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49c3646c125.html ) came from the unhcr the united nations refugee agency . 
  he is n't an ultraconservative but sure as shit if this continues we will have one . 
  jobbik are xenophobic to the core . 
  depends on how they are able to get permanent residence permits or citizenship in your country . 
  sorry bro , your refugee 's are people still in camps in turkey , lebanon , an/or still in syria and they are the ones that ca n't walk , protest , fight , and have cash to pay off someone for the transportation . 
  this is a refugee `` owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality , and is unable to , or owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country . '', 
  and this is an economic migrant `` migrants , especially economic migrants , choose to move in order to improve the future prospects of themselves and their families . 
  refugees have to move if they are to save their lives or preserve their freedom . '', 
  these people are safe in turkey and it is obviously not safe coming to europe , they should stay in turkey and if they are economic migrants be treated as such and prevented from passing at the boarder by force . 
  difference is we pay for that , they have n't and never will . 
  you are right : /, 
  jobbik is very very much more so to the right of orban 's party and they are the edit : second most popular party in the country ( they have also been growing every election ) . 
  well . . this will lead to a far right wing government if we are forced to take in more than we are currently already obligated to take . 
  jobbik will win easily :(, 
  well when the eu fails this is why , actually it failed on greece so perhaps that was the sound of its death . 
  personally not what i want but hey if europeans in the west cant play nice perhaps it 's for the best . 
  schegen was nice for a while . 
  thing is the entirety of eastern europe is against merkel 's shit . 
  yeah we are n't rich but we can sure not allow these people to stay , we can mobilize the army ( we are doing this ) , and we can send these people immediately to the northern boarder and let the rest of you to handle it . 
  like i said before good luck . 
  without assistance turning them back this will be our policy an more than likely every country in southern and eastern europes also . 
  we are n't taking these people back either any more as we suspended the dublin regulation on receiving asylum seekers back . 
  edit : last point , i am not sure you can call getting 2500 migrants a day a political act by orban . 
  that is a pretty real fact . 
  if it was then it is n't surprising it is n't the first time he has done things against the hungarian people . 
  i am not sure how i feel about that yet , but i know that i do n't like 150k people in a month transiting my country without documentation of any sort . 
  i do n't like 10k people who do not have the right taking over a train station that does not belong to them and not abiding by laws . 
  frankly , i am surprised it is n't a nato op on the boarder , but nope hungary gets to protect itself by itself even though these people do not want to be here . 
  as long as conditions are humane and asylum request are handled reasonably quickly , efficiently and thoroughly then i do n't have a problem with it . 
  i told you yesterday i do n't like orban , i did n't vote for him and i wo n't . 
  you seemed to interpret that as i am a right wing person , i am not . 
  hungary though very seriously is trying to do the right thing even though orban is a racist prick , but germany is not acting responsibly , and most particularly not helping . 
  i do n't like you particularly and i really do n't like germans acting more holier than thou , because as has been proven historically you are n't . 
  not even just healthy but wealthy enough too . 
  the estimated costs of the journey are like 3-5 ,000 euros to get to the eu . 
  perhaps because someone has vetoed all un resolutions regarding syria . 
  my favorite so far this year is tavoli galaxis and it is a light [ ipa ] ( https://www.google.hu/search?q=tavoli+galaxis&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=971&amp;source=lnms&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;pjf=1&amp;ved=0caoq_auoagovchmi55gd44zfxwivugfbch2mawbh&amp;dpr=1 ) . 
  also this same brewery has a beer called [ bucketlist ( bakancslista ) ] ( http://roth.beer/en/bakancslista-the-bucket-list/ ) and they rotate what the put into it, 
  hungary got shouted down by everyone . 
  hungary got scapegoated and guess what it worked . 
  everyone hates us for following the rules and so we will now bus people to the boarder of austria , good luck . 
  sorry , but there is a bit of a difference there . . invading a country and annexing territory vs. following schengen zone rules and getting internationally called fascists for germany 's problem they created . 
  pretty sure if boarders go up the military is getting sent to the hungarian boarder and hungary will be secure . 
  i have no idea why it has n't been . 
  excuse me ? 
  i am ignoring what ? 
  i just pointed out to you that your fucking government told mine not to send them to germany . 
  gtfo and realize your country fucked up . 
  you announced you would take all syrian immigrants and guess what . 
  turns out your country does not want them . 
  even if we want to send them . 
  your country is not a responsible actor . 
  we will take these people and provide them what we can which is n't much even though what we can give they do n't want . 
  regarding your countries funds you received and why hungary was the enemy is because of you buddy , own your shit . 
  yes my pm is a prick , no i did not vote for him , and no i will not vote for him . 
  now on to your other points . 
  how would germany 's economy be doing if they had n't gotten rebuilt with american funds after the war , gotten debt restructuring/cancellation from the americans , and finally allowed to rejoin the west completely ... yeah right like eastern germany does today just in its entirety which amazingly was pretty similar to hungary not so long ago if they had n't received those billions of transfers from the west which came from america . 
  i do not hate the eu but i am beginning to really dislike how little germany seems to try to understand other countries at all . 
  seriously the schengen zone could be completely fuck by your country 's irresponsible actions and you want to blame hungary for that ? 
  this is the issue . 
  they do not want our benefits as they are very low . 
  pensions can be as low as 100 euros per month and is n't enough for food or fuel for people that own their homes , but this is what we have . 
  yep , and if we suspend the dublin protocol unilaterally as your country has done then we will be happy to transport them from one boarder to another boarder . 
  unilateral actions are great are n't they . 
  that was after your glorious leader informed the world that you would take 1 million syrians . 
  which not amazingly your country did n't consider the impact that that would have on boarder countries like ours . 
  after that we figured well they are all syrian why not send them . 
  then we got the nice reminder from germany that we need to abide by the dublin protocols . 
  yeah totally our fault . 
  same applies , with what resources ? 
  seriously , have you been to hungary or eastern europe ? 
  we ca n't even control our boarder . 
  again , we are not your country . 
  do not tell us what to do .
