  edited and yes , english is not my native language . 
  meant germany and i am editing that now !, 
  no , the allies got involved because germany annexed poland . 
  ehh we do have freedom of the press that has n't been suspended what has taken place is the taxation of various media groups owned or operated by the rival political party mszp . 
  sure and i agree with you that this is large issue . 
  that said the case remains we are a democracy . 
  no , still the point remains that we are now 25 years into our democracy , and today still we are a democracy , though young and going through incredible growing pains . 
  i would have expected that perhaps someone from sweden would not be patronizing and secondly would have greater respect for a young democracy given their culture of cultural tolerance . 
  absolutely not and i think jobbik is far to the right of most people on this subreddit . 
  absolutely not , i voted lmp . 
  also , i might add , the idea of setting a bad precedent perhaps . 
  interestingly , the us did not vote for this measure . 
  the us understands why russia needs a permanent veto right . 
  i can give an example from the recent migrant crisis in hungary . 
  the main media providers showed an extremely edited video of `` police brutality '' that showed police throwing a man , a woman , and a child onto train tracks . 
  in reality the man threw the woman and child onto the train tracks and refused to get off of them . 
  the police in hungarian can be heard saying `` what is he doing ? '', 
  this news story was posted all over the world and it has effected hungary 's image in this crisis . 
  the reason liveleak should be allowed is because there are cases of deliberate editing to form a narrative that gets taken up all over the world . 
  the reason it was edited because it showed the main narrative that eastern europeans/hungarians are brutal and we even can look to a very ny times article that discusses exactly that . 
  so i am not a fidesz voter but this seems out of line . 
  we have democracy and orban viktor 's party won . 
  that said he has changed laws to suit his party specifically and he has talked about illiberal governance . 
  i am curious though why you think this is relevant at all to the discussion at hand . 
  this is the first time that i feel that he is on point with what he is saying and doing . 
  i might add that the nederlands are submitting that plan and that all migrants that come to the eu be classified as economic migrants . 
  if the system is voluntary ( states rights argument ) and if it came with processing of refugees in home/neighboring countries , more refugee aid , and tough border protection then yes absolutely i would vote for that and i think my country 's leaders would also . 
  the current eu proposal includes none of that . 
  my states rights argument has to due with the eu not being democratic in nature and that further integration can not take place without democratic systems being ensured for the citizens of the eu . 
  the fuck you offered to help . 
  we asked you when we had 6k migrants rioting in our central train station for your help . 
  we asked that you send german foreign ministers to explain that the migrants need to register in hungary and you sat on your hands . 
  after that we had two more day of bullshit news stories of why hungarians are brutal monsters and wont let these people go to nice germany.the news stories were for example the guy that threw his wife and kid on the train tracks and the hungarian police got blamed for it . 
  yeah you did shit then and now you want to help ? 
  fuck off , and own up to the fact that your mutti fucked up . 
  we are shutting the border down with no help and finally we will continue to bus north the people that get through us . 
  i think we expect germany to back down and for the border to get shut down and to pay off turkey and serbia . 
  i can concur there are many english speaking people here and tuition is as stated above . 
  i thought this part was very interesting , `` eehofer , who is also the governor of bavaria , has invited hungary 's hardline nationalist prime minister , viktor orb\u00e1n , to the next conference of his party 's state parliament group . 
  seehofer says the invitation gives the csu an opportunity to `` find a solution together with ( orb\u00e1n ) , '' but it is also a clear affront to the chancellor . 
  seehofer says it was wrong for merkel to circumvent existing eu asylum rules by encouraging refugees in hungary to continue on to germany . 
  `` that was a mistake that will be with us for a long time . 
  i do n't see a way to put the cork back in the bottle , '' seehofer says . 
  `` we will soon find ourselves in an emergency situation that we will no longer be able to control . '' '', 
   solidarity , man . 
  even if you think the germans fucked up , have n't they helped you ? 
  have n't you helped each other ? 
  and now there 's a crisis , you want to close all the borders ? 
  this is n't the way . 
  i am not suggesting closing the borders to austria but i am suggesting closing the borders to the south and east . 
   i do n't think the hungarian government is the devil , but we need to hear about these things . 
  regardless of what you eventually do with them , every person deserves to live with dignity . 
  i do not disagree with that and i would argue there are good examples of integration into hungary of people from the middle east . 
  that said not everyone crossing the border currently has a valid reason and i think i should have permission to freak out when 3k people transit my country without being registered as they could be anyone ( normal people , human traffickers , drug traffickers , militants and everyone and everything else . ), 
  my country was invaded by the us and made into american territory . 
  i 'm not american . 
  well i know plenty about having any uninvited guest overstay their welcome and when asked to leave ... killing a lot of people ( 1956 revolution in hungary ) . 
  we have been a democracy for 25 years now ... 
  this is pretty much what it seems hungary 's next plan is . 
  force registration and either accept refugees if they have documents or send them back across the border by force . 
  seriously ? 
  we try to stop them and we are called nazis . 
  that is pretty wrong man , i mean what can we do ? 
  and then lets make sure we take the social benefits away immediately too . 
  the pressure to find work exists because there is n't money going towards an apartment , internet , television , cellphones , food , heating , electricity , and entertainment forever . 
  that money ends really really quick and it is the personal responsibility of the refuge to provide for themselves . 
  interesting , i would be really curious on sources for that so that i can use that in the future when germans argue that they were n't involved in this and that mutti was just being pragmatic . 
  `` most of them would go to germany , france , sweden , etc. 
  it takes population and gdp into consideration . '', 
  my issue with this is this quota system is being pushed without a system to pay for this and to prevent economic migrants . 
  this is not a long term solution but strictly a temporary fix , and strictly at this point a german problem due to their invitation to everyone . 
  `` because they 're being kept in incredibly cramped and horrible camps , of course they leave . '', 
  one camp is described like this and honestly these camps are much better than many i have seen in lebanon . 
  that said could the government have done better , yes of course . 
  `` criticizing you is not talking shit . '', 
  criticizing a small country when a large country to it 's north has invited these people i think is complete shit . 
  the us criticizing us is rich when we sure as shit did n't bomb , give weapons to , and do anything to cause this problem . 
  the us should take these migrants along with germany , uk , france , russia , saudi , iran , and everyone else involved in the disaster that is syria . 
  us ' system is very different the emphasis is on finding `` gainful employment early '' i.e. 
  people are forced to work even if they dont speak the language . 
  their system isnt even close to being similar to our systems let alone generous social benefit countries . 
  pretty sure you supplied arms , we didnt . 
  difference is you caused this . 
  as i understand it the us owns guantanamo bay naval base ( though cuba does n't like it ) and thus it is considered not us soil , but us territory or something ? 
  i dunno its been a long time since i have read about that . 
  and the rendition to a foreign state ... oh wait . . 
  for sure , i am not questioning that the government could have done much better much sooner . 
  also the fact that that poster campaign was in hungarian and completely bullshit ... 
  what a fucking dick . 
  we allow the migrants to cross the border and they shut down the border . 
  we stop the migrants and we get called nazis . 
  fuck him . 
  i am not a eugenicist , but okay i must be because i have a hungarian flag next to my name . 
  i am also not a right wing voter and most certainly not a racist . 
  my problem is not that these people are muslim but that we are being overwhelmed . 
  we have plenty of very successfully integrated muslim immigrants in hungary . 
  those 400 milliom eu citizens sure exist but again there are but 9 million hungarians . 
  3000 people crossing our border a day without being identified is a giant problem . 
  currently the migrants you defend are overwhelming my country 's police forces because yeah the eu does shit about this situation and we are left to deal with it . 
  these people legally must be registered for asylum in hungary but they would prefer to go to germany , sweden and etc.
