  if germany chooses to encourage these people as your leader has done then you can take them . 
  i am sorry but germany has created this problem and as you can see from the push back against this from the rest of central eastern europe , we do n't appreciate your response to date . 
  yeah that has been happening . 
  we have been trying to register people at the same time that they are resisting being registered . 
  they do not want to stay in hungary as they want their benefits from germany . 
  actually we did that earlier in the week and let 2 trains go north and then germany passive aggressively informed us that we must follow the dublin protocols . 
  this means we must document and identity all of these people and register them for refuge status in hungary . 
  basically germany get 's to unilaterally suspend the dublin protocols but we can not . 
  frankly , i am all for trains at the boarder with serbia and sending them north . 
  i am sorry that when hungary and hungarians are trying to register these people for refuge status in hungary which is strictly following the dublin conventions that that is embarrassing and unreasonable . 
  yeah we are really wrong in this situation . 
  if germany can afford this and it 's citizens are fine with this then i think this is reasonable . 
  hungary barely pays anything for pensions for people who paid into the system . 
  lastly , hungary has serious issues finding full time employment for its current citizens who speak the language . 
  i really do not see how you can tell hungary and hungarian citizens that this is their responsibility when currently the government is barely providing for their own . 
  i am sorry , but with what money do you suggest we give to these people ? 
  you seem to believe that hungary has services that can actually support these people . 
  hungary can give them exactly what it is we have not much . 
  germany offered to circumvent the dublin conventions and now we get to deal with it . 
  sorry , but we can barely afford to pay our elderly pensions . 
  this is a ridiculous statement . 
  i kid you not elderly in the countryside get 100 euros a month , sure we can give that and not give anything to people who paid into the system their entire lives . 
  taking in more than 10k immigrants in a week who do not have papers is ridiculous . 
  plus when we started to move the trains germany informed us that we need to follow the dublin protocols . 
  neo-nationalist ideology ... wow bro , you never been to hungary . 
  yes orban is horrible and he has some whack ideas , but you obviously have some hate for entire people . 
  first off , fuck you . 
  second off yes orban is a shit politician , but what european politician is coming up with anything that sounds reasonable no one . 
  sure as hell was n't hungary that created this situation in syria , iraq , nor afghanistan and hungary sure as hell did n't declare that syrians are welcome to germany . 
  so far the naivete from germany is embarrassing . 
  when orban sounds reasonable there is a giant fucking problem going on . 
  they starting protesting their government when their government changed from the popular decision of joining the eu trade agreement instead to the russian trade agreement when their president was bribed by russia . 
  let 's not forget they only overthrew their government after protestors in the street were being assassinated by government snipers . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  they did n't slap away their biggest trade partner their biggest trade partner got butt hurt annexed territory and created a war in the eastern part of ukraine . 
  let 's not ignore facts . 
  well the us is stationing heavy armor in the baltics and the rest of eastern europe , they are talking to the brits about stationing nukes there , sanctions are still in place on russia , and the tanap pipeline is being built ... 
  i think that is quite a bit that is being done in regards to that attitude . 
  i would n't say it is exactly enough , but it is quite a bit at this point . 
  in the us people emigrate from the heartland to the major cities and centers and in return the wealthier states transfer capital . 
  this has always happened and always will be the case . 
  i hope that the investment will continue like in the us as otherwise emigration will be permanent and countries will be even more impoverished ... 
  perhaps , cross post this on r/credibledefense . 
  pretty interesting stuff thank you for posting this . 
  also you might want to reduce the amount of years france has been in nato . . they left for a period of time . 
  this guy seriously needs to shut up . 
  for russian imperial ambitions sure , for the world no . 
  i hope one day russia is broken into tiny pieces and the bullshit ends for good . 
  then perhaps humility will allow them to join europe ... perhaps this is to honest , but there it is ... 
  veterans of foreign wars in the us pass out red poppies for memorial day . 
  russians are treated well in hungary , but so is pretty much everyone here . 
  russia unlike the west has yet to repudiate it 's empire and colonialism of other peoples and countries . 
  so , russia will be poorer and have less leverage over europe . 
  is n't a problem with this is that often these people do n't want to settle in the first country that they reach ? 
  they often want to travel to the northern european countries and even work/live there illegally . 
  this means that for the first country it is n't even a matter of giving them status it is simply a matter of letting the move through the country . 
  russia already broke the peace agreement . 
  this was the response . 
  russia already broke the peace agreement . 
  this was the response . 
  yes , then we will continue to sanction and perhaps embargo russia entirely . 
  pretty sure we are past the point of accepting assurances from putin . 
  assurances would n't be enough and why would putin want to stop the pressure on kyiev . 
  us just sent in the delayed us troop advisors because the peace has failed . 
  shocking ... :(, 
  from north america or us ? 
  `` roads paved with strong forints '' :d :d :d, 
  actually , this has come up on r/europe in the last year , but i have heard about it more from the czech republic . 
  i seem to remember there was a similar set of issues with czech immigrant families . 
  from what i have heard it seems the new focus will be on `` bessarabia '' i.e. 
  is this something that you have heard ? 
  actually that would be the deal that churchill negotiated with stalin that gave central/eastern europe to ussr . 
  exactly , i have kinda stayed out of this one . . but man i am really becoming quite incensed about the ridiculousness of this man . 
  sure , negotiate a new deal with your creditors . . but my god this is getting ridiculous . 
  i would also mention the band the marypop kids . 
  they have some songs in english also . 
  hungary - [ gloomy sunday ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gloomy_sunday ), 
  my wife made eggs and bacon for breakfast . 
  we usually eat this once a week for breakfast . 
  otherwise muesli and kefir are my morning meals for lunch we had leftover spaghetti carbonara that i make . 
  it is very easy to make . 
  tonight i made a roasted pork shank with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes . 
  during the week i roast chicken , make salads , pasta dishes , and etc. . 
  i do enjoy cookin though . . 
  yeah ... russia does n't give a shit about those territories the issue is kyiv and its relationships to the west . 
  russia does n't want ukraine to join the eu . 
  this is not about nationalism , this is about what russia want . 
  and right now ukraine is defending against russia . 
  you do realize that russia has accepted two different sets of agreements with ukraine that russia has violated . 
  russia wants ukraine to be a failed state , they do not want peace . 
  when one states wants war and attacks another state their is n't much one can do but defend themselves . 
  and incurring more debt ? 
  orban and fiedesz are not hungary . 
  hungary is western and has been since it accepted the western catholic church with king stephen 1000 years ago . 
   has kinda a pro-russia stance right now . 
  no , there really is n't a pro-russia anything right now . 
  unless it is from pro-russians which generally are russians working in st. petersburg under different flags . 
   the usa is not even a friend of its own people i am sure you can find plenty of examples of this but i would argue that this is not a generous reading of the us nor its people and the different cultures to be found in the us . 
  sadly , it is so obvious . 
  they fund orban and in case he fails jobbik .
