  romania more so than hungary , you have got to be kidding me . 
  budapest for sure is westernized along with some of the bigger cities . 
  that said in the countryside it is central europe . 
  this east/west divide is much to clean of a division . 
  there are different parts of europe . 
   political liberty and democracy i would argue are spiritual goods , that said you are right he did say the west is spiritually empty . 
  i wish this true and it was posted to r/nottheonion ... perhaps he could stay there then . . 
  direct democracy . 
  i think it is a very legitimate reason to fight and i am thankful for it . 
  yes and no . 
  they do n't have china , china has them and also that pipeline to china has n't been built yet . 
  false , we can stop trading and engaging with russia . 
  that would cause massive changes in russian society . 
  that is the particular reason the us is sending us troops to those countries because if russia attacks those soldiers will be involved in combat and die thus galvanizing the entire american public into war . 
  do not misunderstand the american people 's ability to be maneuvered into war especially if troops died defending allies in europe . 
  i dig the music . 
  have n't had a song that i disliked truly yet . 
  at this point i do n't think it is just patience , i think because it is a war between russia and ukraine that resistance to rejoining russia will be pretty deep ... 
  did n't call him a shill , but i did call him an apologist . 
  an apologist is a defender of someone or something . 
  that is what he is doing ; defending russia 's actions by attempting to draw the conversation to a currently irrelevant topic , the us doing bad stuff . 
  no kidding they do , but irrelevant for this topic . 
  my point is that we are not talking about the us . 
  the us is n't currently attacking ukraine for no apparent reason . 
  i also am tired or reading apologists claiming that the `` west '' does it is credible reason for russia 's current actions . 
  this is a deflection of the issue at hand . 
  regarding butt hurt i still have n't heard a credible definitive reason . 
  thus my statement about putin has butt hurt . 
  the only reason i can see is that putin ordered it , because well putin ordered it i.e. 
  putin butt hurt . 
  the point is `` the west '' is n't monolithic , because your presupposition is that it is a monolith you are a russian apologist . 
  that said we call out crimes individual in a case by case basis and that case happens to be russia currently waging war on ukraine because ... putin has butt hurt . 
  the french , and the usa as well ... probably china too ... 
  sounds like someone is getting desperate ... 
  difference is that ukraine was n't joining nato , they were getting a trade deal with eu and were going to have to become moderately less corrupt . 
  russia can not let ukraine become a successful democracy , because that will make the common russian ask `` why ca n't we have nice things like democracy and rights and freedom from the kleptomaniac oligarchy . '', 
  russia wanted to send nukes to cuba , which is the most strategic point to control the mississippi river outside of the us , which happens to be where the majority of the us international trade goes out from . 
  lastly , nukes are much more objectionable than trade deal . 
  tell me again which was the more provocative action , cuban missle crisis or the eu offering a trade deal and ukrainians leading an uprising because they want it ? 
  g. w. bush claimed immunity on behalf of the executive to avoid disclosing a lot in the us and for good measure pardoned himself before he left office ... 
  sorry about that , i was writing on my mobile on the metro so i clicked the wrong reply button . 
  actually there are some forms of information warfare at work in europe on behalf of the west namely bbc and radio free europe ( all i can think of off the top of my head ) ... of course there should be western sources in other languages to help form consensus/moderating sources of information ... 
  this is pretty big news . 
  when this and the pipelines from this to other eu countries perhaps we will see less reliance of hungary , slovakia , and austria on russian energy sources . 
  this plus the pipeline from turkmenistan is pretty big news for the eu . 
  i was actually going to say i think many many americans agree . 
  the chicken-hawk attitude that is occurring in the us is because an increasingly smaller group of people actually serve in the military . . that smaller group becomes much more expendable by politicians than if you needed to draft ( conscript ) the general population ... 
  this has led to a large extent the bellicosity of various politicians ... think mccain . 
  buried in the bottom of this article about ukraine and russia is the part that is relevant about the geopolitics of greece which are still relevant today . 
  not just energy , also geopolitics in general . 
  control of greece is why churchill bargained eastern europe to stalin after ww2 ... greece can controll russian access to the middle east or so went the logic . 
  i will look for the source on that , but yeah eu needs to recognize geopolitics in a bad way ... 
  this is relevant for many reasons not limited to the recent talks between [ nuland and tsiparis ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/mar/17/deadlock-over-greek-debt-crisis-could-play-into-russias-hands ) ( spelling ? ), 
  this is really big news , and good for all involved to the exclusion of russia . 
  perhaps with less reliance on russian gas our relations with russia will get back to what they should be with aggressor states . 
  point is that it is not working now . 
  also , it isnt what they can muster now it 's what they can do when we muster ... 
  followed by what they can actually hold onto after we attack ... 
  she was also a rhodes scholar . 
  she 's more qualified gw bush ever was . 
  you did much better than google translate !, 
  thank you !, 
  true , but i am not sure whether that means i should buy popcorn or flee ... 
  i agree with you generally , but with the timing of the showdown between ssb and kadyrov / missing the annexation of territory ... 
  i dunno ... thus i posted . 
  at this point it is n't just western media . 
  this is being reported in russia as well . 
  edit : if this is n't the case that is being reported in russia , then please correct me . 
  also this is the blog that is [ quoted ] ( http://aillarionov.livejournal.com/802959.html ) ... perhaps if someone could translate it would be clearer , that said i did google translate and it gives a very rough translation . 
  they also did n't release any details of the project to the hungarian people ... not for 30 years . 
  i am glad this got cancelled . 
  that 's assuming that their will be a someone and not a civil war ... 
  so , what 's your point ? 
  the us should continue to defend us even if we disagree with their wars ? 
  pretty much ... :(, 
  good question , it is n't for sure that it wo n't happen . 
  the millitary is to make sure there wo n't be a threat . 
  having a military keeps the peace . 
  peace is n't kept through people in the streets protesting showing their displeasure or writing ` furious ' letters . 
  the eu if it had a millitary would have for example 6 aircraft carriers and would have the second highest spending of defense was integrated . 
  there are real threats to our ideals , rights , and vision for the future . 
  being able to defend those things is necessary for our future for the lack of a better word ... nation ? 
  no , i am talking about a historical fact . 
  freedom is n't freely given in europe or anywhere . 
  we need to be able and willing to defend our freedoms . 
  also at this point i am not so sure what russia is and is n't willing to do . 
  freedom is n't something that is a given it is a hard fought right . 
  how many generations have lived through hell to get to this point here in europe . 
  we should be willing to defend our rights and our freedoms , not this bullshit ` mercia will come save us . 
  we got ta do better than this . 
  there obviously are those that would impose their will by force ... 
  frankly , it should n't be the us ' responsibility to maintain our collective freedoms . 
  that oligarch was an insider into the orban regime . 
  pretty sure he has dirt on orban . 
  not sure about that , it seems the tide is slowly turning away from fiedesz and orban . 
  sorry , i disagree fundamentally . 
  there are truly evil acts just as i would argue there are truly good acts . 
  no , that depends on your perspective of morals and whether you take seriously the idea that there is n't a good nor evil period . 
  nietszche was of your perspective , schelling and kant were not ... 
  not stupid , but evil ... yeah i am willing to go there .
