  this makes sense considering we barely have money to pay retirements for our elderly anymore . 
  the guy that wrote about the horrible conditions in hungary sure posted a us source but nothing from hungary about what we are trying to do . 
  it is easy to talk shit about how a small poor country handles a catastrophe , but very difficult to provide actual help which you sure as shit have n't and wo n't . 
  so i stand by what i wrote i do n't care about your convictions . 
  you can stand by your convictions but frankly they do n't count here . 
  you are what in puerto rico ? 
  so a us territory , i really do n't care what the us thinks about this situation because you have n't helped . 
  you can think whatever you would like about our situation but we are literally overwhelmed . 
  regarding the guy that said sterilizing refugees , migrants , or anyone that is extreme and obviously wrong . 
  you can see extremist like this in the us as well . 
  again the dutch governments proposal is logical and it avoids the chaos that is currently occurring . 
  just accepting migrants because they are here has led us to the current disaster . 
  regarding conditions in camps as we respond more and more fully we should be better able to handle this situation better . 
  well in that case sadly we do have a far right party that is gaining popularity and this situation is not helping things . 
  exactly . 
  just allowing people to transit borders without being identified is not going to work . 
  thing is the situation is completely out of control and when there is no control there is no way of telling who is a criminal and who is legit . 
  currently just allowing people in is causing massive problems . 
  directly means without intermediaries . 
  the migrants are taking advantage of our systems . 
  that is interesting considering suspending the dublin regulations for syrians was unilateral . 
  2500-3000 people per day for a small country with a small police force . 
  we have 30k soldiers and in 11 days we will have more migrants than soldiers . 
  the migrants refuse to register and the police have not been using force and honestly we really do not have the space in prisons to house these people . 
  greece is wealthier than their country ever was . 
  greece is wealthier than my country . 
  i think they want to take advantage of generous and wealthy countries ' systems and i agree they sense an opportunity . 
  i think that is extremely disingenuous . 
  we do care , but we also think that most of these people were safe in turkey and do not need to be here . 
  we also do not like it at all that our country is in chaos . 
  we have the right to protect ourselves and our systems and laws . 
  personally , the dutch governments proposal has sounded the most rational to date . 
  as a small poor country that does not have the capacity to deal with this issue we are really doing the best that can be done with overwhelming circumstances . 
  at this rate in a single month we will have 90k migrants . 
  currently we do not have the ability to house , feed , and give medical treatment to these people but it seems we are working on that . 
  international news has been pretty shit regarding reporting about this situation . 
  like orban said turkey is a safe country , we can not guarantee the safety of people coming all the way here and we also are struggling to provide for these people as it is . 
  how do you come to this conclusion ? 
  have you read about this ? 
  do you live here ? 
  also at this point there is too much coverage of this and the military is now involved so no i do n't think that this is a credible line of thought . 
  sorry , we do welcome them . 
  they refuse to register for asylum and protest when we attempt to register them for asylum . 
  exactly what is happening in denmark at this very moment . 
  we are n't racist , just we do n't like 150k undocumented people transiting our borders and specifically getting shit on by the rest of europe when we try to do exactly what we are supposed to . 
  there has been one documented case where the force was considered possibly unnecessary . 
  otherwise it has been pretty calm considering we are getting 2500 migrants per day crossing our borders . 
  ha no , it 's because we are too poor for them . 
  they want social benefits . 
  sorry , when a group of people refuse to obey international and hungarian laws and register for asylum , take over our main train station , shut down highways and roads because they are marching then shit is out of control . 
  should this be happening in france we would see many more police actions than have taken place . 
  this is for the best and should you have a better solution that does n't include letting everyone pass then tell your politicians to have a conversation with ours . 
  because dublin regulations and honestly if they want refugee status they can apply in hungary . 
  lastly , germany is not in control of our border and they do not get get to determine our border policy , thank god !, 
  these troops were deployed at the same time as the measures were written . 
  laws had to be changed to be able to do this . 
  why were we not initially ? 
  honestly , why is that not acceptable to people who cross borders illegally ? 
  looks like she has lost actually . 
  i now think that merkel has lost this one even in her own party she is facing enormous feedback it seems . 
  sure , you can have that in your own country but no one signed up for this shit . 
  sure because you are the eu right and the rest of the eu gets to feel lucky to go along with what germany says ... i.e. 
  this means that germany did not leave its totalitarian nature behind . 
  get real bro your country likes to play and pretend you are holy and giving and in reality your country ca n't help but be an aggressive bag of dicks , you just do n't like being called out for being totalitarian , again . 
  yeah well us was going to use you as that buffer with or without those debt write offs . 
  you got the debt write offs because the us was sick of war in general in europe . 
  you are right you should focus on your country and then do not tell us anything about quotas . 
  honestly , i would only be for this quota if the dutch proposal is taken up along with that . 
  namely every single migrant is sent immediately back and we only accept those from originating camps and locations in home countries . 
  sorry , but we held them and tried to register them and then we got publically called brutal nazis . 
  so then we did send them north as everyone wanted and then guess what , we got a nice threat from germany regarding the dublin regulations ... so we have made a nice agreement for a train corridor with slovakia and czechia to deliver them directly to your mutti . 
  seems like should you play hardball again we will do this . 
  you are correct our beer ( though improving . . ) mostly sucks . 
  first off a majority of europe is against this but because germany says we want migrants that the whole eu needs to have a debate about a mandatory quota system . 
  this is in the face of the majority of populations of countries which do not want this . 
  this is also a quota which they already are trying to modify upwards . 
  secondly fuck you , do not assume that i am not ungrateful for the eu . 
  i am also not a right wing person but what is happening now is out of control . 
  you also sound like someone who is lucky enough not to live in a country that is currently overwhelmed by these migrants 2500 per day . 
  must be lucky to be able to use your national highways and trains as a citizen who paid for those things without them being shut down because people refuse to register for asylum . 
  must be nice not to get told by the world that we are scumbags for following eu laws . 
  sure everyone needs help , does n't mean we need to help those that break our laws and demand what they can get from us . 
  we should help people but every single person that crosses these borders illegaly to get here should be detained and sent back . 
  the people we need to help are in syria or in turkey not those healthy and wealthy enough to get here . 
  personally , i am for the dutch plan that was outlined recently . 
  lastly , we are not part of this fight we sure as shit did n't bomb syria or commit to war there . 
  pretty sure baugette wins . 
  i blame your mutti merkel for encouraging them . 
   according to these courts the treatment of refugees in hungary systematically violates certain basic human rights . 
  what rights have been violated ? 
  jesus , we gave them sandwhiches asked for the fingerprints as then to be and have documents . 
  yeah we tried to do exactly that and then you publicly ridiculed us for it so we are busing them north to get closer to you . 
  difference is the us is fairly democratic but the eu is not . 
  the eu would not care if the majority of the population of the eu is against immigration , it would look to germany and then to france . 
  i wonder how that feels germoney ? 
  agreed , though luckily they all just want to leave here so it most likely will occur in germany so it could happen . 
  well . . why not make it the austro-hungarian empire for good old times sake ... eh ? 
  hungary 's economy is a lot smaller than germany 's and it uses a lot less energy in general . 
  we are actively reducing our reliance on russian gas , that is fact . 
  fact : you are increasing your reliance on russian gas and russian leverage .
