i agree that the two main parties fidesz and mszp are truly corrupt gangsters.i think you misunderstand though the idea of `` liberal values '' and the idea that there is a lack of independents . . 
  there are independent parties that do have liberal values , but they lack resources . 
  that said you are right on a few things above : most `` smart hungarians '' left for that 400 % increase in pay ( i have read that there is something like 1 million emigrants from hungary in the last years ) , there is a lack of trust among hungarians for each other ( hungarians , in my experience , hate each other more than anyone else does ) , and getting paid seems to be what your politicians are in politics for . 
  i would add that the hungarian experience in self governance and democracy is 20 years old or so now and that in their 1000 year history they have spent more time under the rule of others than ruling themselves . 
  this stuck out to me . '', 
  in 2016 , obama will go ; the next president will inherit a mandate to do something about russia . 
  if that president fails , and russia grows stronger , they may lose in 2020 ; that next president will then be given a stronger mandate to do even more about russia . 
  either way , no president will be elected from now on with a platform of `` do n't worry about russia . '' each election will ratchet up the pressure the americans can bring to bear on moscow . 
  that pressure is considerable . '', 
  hopefully this is just the start . 
  sure 6-10k people taking over a train station is a small number , but it had large ramifications . 
  austria shutting down the border impacted a pretty big number of hungarians . 
  all of this is because 250k migrants this year not registering and crossing over borders because of benefit shopping is a giant problem . 
  this is now illegal in hungary and we are working to rectify all possible routes that this can happen through hungary . 
  you are welcome . 
  i might also argue which hungarians you are referring to . 
  did they take over your train stations ? 
  did they demand to be taken immediately to the next country ? 
  did and do they cause damage to their host country ? 
  did they when force was applied resist in a violent way ? 
  if the answer is no , then get the hell out . 
  yes , i remember when most of my friends ( doctors , accountants , engineers , and other trained professionals ) left and legally took jobs , applied for residence permits peacefully . 
  they did n't take over train stations and the did n't rush over borders and they willingly let themselves be documented when they arrived . 
  yes , the hungarians who left are the same as the migrants now . 
  no , people from poland still have to apply and get a residence card . 
  they have to financially provide for themselves and follow the rules that have been agreed upon by all . 
  these migrants have no rules , they were never agreed upon by anyone . 
  fuck you , you do n't live here and should n't get to tell me and my nation who gets to . 
  sorry , i do n't find this funny at all . 
  the fence and the protection of the border is necessary . 
  people need to be documented and so far these migrants are not willing to follow rules as evidenced in hungary via rioting and taking over train stations . 
  fair enough , i do n't have any problems with v4 group . 
  i hope they do . 
   all need to chill out.all 3 countries are just transit countries . 
  hungary is not trying to transit , but prevent . 
  currently the rest of the balkans is playing hot potato , you do n't want to get caught with them in your borders when they are finally secured , and they will be . 
  just on here is hungary respected . 
  elsewhere , hungary get 's shit on . 
  with paragraph titles like , `` hungary 's unlawful border crackdown '' i just really ca n't even . 
  since when is it unlawful to protect one 's own countries borders ? 
  jesus if this was the us there would have been god damn tanks . 
  damn ... did n't realize the sarcasm . . :(, 
  no , these are people who are unwilling to file for asylum and register in hungary . 
  most of those would be denied because they have come from a safe country that they have not filed for asylum in , serbia . 
  great let 's shit on hungary again , 
  hungary sure has as of this month offered to help turkey and greece financially and with troops for greece . 
  hey guys germany provides plenty of broomsticks for our defence . . we ca n't ignore that fact . 
  you have to be kidding though , we are not part of ussr because of the us . 
  wow , he fled france one of the richest countries with some of the most generous social welfare benefits in the world to go to another rich country ... why because he wanted to go to the location of his choice . 
  your idiocy an naivete is astounding . 
  you will trust a mass murderer of children in society because an `` expert '' said he is safe . 
  what if the that expert is wrong ? 
  are you going to make that expert own that mistake , if/when they are wrong ? 
  is the person who let this terrorist out of prison early going to be reprimanded or censured publicly i.e. 
  lose their job ? 
  i doubt it . 
  address his point : planning assassinations of politicians does not equal let out of jail early . 
  a person 's sentence does not necessarily have anything to do with `` justice '' really . 
  the guy could have been given a different sentence but your courts did n't because ? 
  or he could have been determined to be an actual threat to society which he was , ultimately . 
  they were informed numerous times and they decided to try to force their way through and guess what . 
  that does not work here any longer . 
  good luck when they get to your city . 
  wrong . 
  read something bro because actually , 15 police officers did get hurt and had to be taken away and treated . 
  okay so rocks and roof tiles thrown = no response to the police . 
  lighting a van on fire = no response from the police . 
  here , those things are unacceptable , so glad to know that they are not in germany . 
  i kindly ask for you to use your eyes and watch the videos and see the restraint the police have acted with when rocks are thrown , gates are broken open . 
  yeah children , women , and old people are in the crowd but they are not the targets . 
  the militants are . 
  we got shit on for 2 weeks . 
  literally : we do not give a flying fuck . 
  take care of your own god damn borders . 
  that mess was created by mutti 's public acceptance of all the migrants and she has n't retracted any of the publicly . 
  we have done other things and guess what they did n't work . 
  so this is the solution , and you can get the off of us . 
  no , really it has n't . 
  i am pretty content with the decision that has been made and i hope it continues to work . 
  not overwhelmed , just unwelcome anywhere else for the most part !, 
  yes , while defending a border crossing and when those `` refuges '' are throwing rocks and attacking . 
  if these migrants want to apply for asylum , they can do that immediately and without harassment . 
  try to bum rush or attack the border and that is unacceptable . 
  why would they show the images of the two children and not the images of young men chanting and throwing rocks ? 
  hungary is poorer than say austria , but scared and stupid no . 
  we sent troops and police to the border who have shown great restraint . 
  we along with the rest of the v4 also realize why this is a giant problem and that no actually europe does not have the resources to handle this , nor should it unless people follow the rules . 
  symptom : 150k migrants traversing hungary , this is something my government and i can pay for . 
  sickness/cause : war in syria . 
  we have zero force projection potential to stop that war . 
  when we say that migration is a large problem we get shit on . 
  when we suggest that greece , turkey get eu funds for this crisis we mean that it should be handled there . 
  those are the only things up to my nation . 
  the rest is up to greater powers . 
  pretty sure they will and no it is not a waste of my taxes . 
  your country soon will make the choice to do what we have done . 
  yeah , mis-typed that meant to write russia supporting assad and fomenting war in ukraine . 
  okay , so the next time a country from the me that is undemocratic and treats women poorly , america for a prison with capital punishment , russia for supporting assad and war in ukraine , and etc wants to buy their product . 
  i am going to demand they boycott doing business with those places . 
  what a load of bs !,
