  conditions made it difficult to land , and critically intelligence reported far fewer defences than it turned out to have - and , interestingly enough , it was also reported to have fewer defences than gold beach . 
  surely the british would have insisted on leading the assaults on omaha rather than gold , if your ` theory ' was correct ? 
  the absolute most telling thing , however , is that apart from omaha , casualties across the other four beaches were pretty similar . 
  the vast majority of utah 's casualties came from the ill-judged airborne attempts . 
  similar amounts of men died at gold and juno , and in fact the mostly british-led sword beach had higher casualties . 
  your idea about how british troops ` walked ' onto beaches is ridiculous . 
  and , of course , there 's the clincher , which is that the american command volunteered to attack omaha beach , with its high cliffs . 
  they knew the risks , and your petty attempts at one upmanship does their bravery and sacrifice deep discredit . 
  edit : good lord , i just read this again and it made even less sense . 
  turks ?!, 
  when have the british sent turks off to die in their stead ? 
  unless you 're talking about experienced in the sense of * opposing * it , like , say , gallipoli . 
  where over 60 % of the dead were british . 
  or perhaps the indian army , slim 's forgotten army , which included 2.5 million people from the indian subcontinent . 
  2.5 million volunteers . 
  the british army ` sending other nation 's men off to die first ' is from the lowest depths of / r/badhistory . 
  not really hypocrisy , the party 's changed a lot since then . 
  orde wingate was something of a maverick , even when compared to the likes of patton . 
  actually , similarly to patton as a tactician he was one of the finest in the world , an innovative and aggressive commander , and someone who regularly danced along the line of genius and insanity . 
  as mentioned , as a tactician he was undoubtedly a very fine commander of men , but strategically he managed to make quite a few mistakes . 
  churchill loved wingate and his chindits and as a result wingate 's rather revolutionary ideas about deep penetration in warfare managed to integrate themselves quite high up , but his strangeness did not lend itself well to leadership of large groups of men . 
  he insisted that the men under his command had become weak due to the availability of doctors at home and regularly made them bivouac in unnecessary or harmful situations , which often led to disease spreading amongst them - compare that to slim , who put the health of his men above almost all else , to the point where he dismissed officers who were n't properly enforcing medicine procedures amongst their men . 
  there were many other occasions - wingate 's near-breakdown during operation thursday when faced with his carefully-laid plans going awry , his plans to turn an entire division into a chindit operation , his overenthusiasm and love for in guerrilla warfare not only leading to him making some bad decisions , but on more than one occasion accidentally informing the entire japanese armed forces as to the accessibility of the land - where wingate made mistakes that a clever strategic commander like slim ( for example ) would never make . 
  but every person in the army has their place , and at his job he was absolutely incredibly effective . 
  he was a scalpel in an age of hammers , and like a scalpel he required proper guidance to be effective , but with his ideas reigned in and the required planning done , he was wonderfully effective . 
  yes , those 34,000 british citizens ( nearly 65 % of total casualties ) that died at gallipoli sure were ` colonials ' . 
  those canadians who died at dieppe did so willingly and fearlessly , fighting alongside other citizens of the commonwealth as equals . 
  to suggest they went and died for anyone other than their families back home and indeed for peace across the world is to do them , and the 247 british natives , ( not ` colonials ' ) a grave disservice . 
  i 'm not , no !, 
  i do spend a hell of a lot of time messing around on the military history sections of wiki though . 
  it 's no surprise you have n't heard of slim , he 's almost never mentioned . 
  william slim was the commander of the ` forgotten army ' in burma , a rag tag bunch of indian , burmese , british , african and commonwealth troops that fought in the burma campaign alongside the chinese against the japanese . 
  although they theoretically had a numbers advantage - which was nullified by the fact that they had to defend along a huge frontline - the forgotten army were by far and away the worst equipped and supplied army in the entire war , partially due to supply lines being hard to establish in the jungles and mountains where they were fighting and partially because nobody cared about them . 
  who cared about an army comprised of brown people , commonwealth soldiers and malaria-ridden brits in some rainy area of asia when the allies were invading italy ? 
  slim took this army with their beaten up old equipment and outdated tactics and terrifying enemies in the japanese army and turned them into a military machine . 
  he innovated huge advances in jungle warfare , but most important was a huge icon and hero to his men . 
  it was said slim 's mere presence could inspire any given battalion to hold a position against an enemy five times its number . 
  after having to withdraw from most of burma in good order and with relatively minimal losses in the face of overwhelming opposition whilst also retaining much of the precious materiel that they needed to even have a chance - take that , dunkirk - in 1942 , slim and the forgotten army held india in 1944 after he had implemented his ideas and command structure . 
  they repulsed huge japanese offensives and then the next year made inroads back into burma in one of the most brilliant strategic offensive manoeuvres in history , let alone world war ii . 
  the japanese army , which had previously swept through much of asia and dominated pretty much every opposition ( with the notable exception of some incredibly well led soviet armies commanded by the rising georgy zhukov ) was left isolated in pockets , having lost huge amounts of territory and equipment . 
  none of this has been remembered , of course . 
  slim remains a hero to anzac forces , with whom he had a deep affinity for and fought alongside at gallipoli , but on the whole the forgotten army has been exactly that , forgotten . 
  it 's a terrible disservice to one of the most brilliant military minds ever seen , and more importantly to the caring , widely-adored and humane man it inhabited in william slim . 
  pershing was not a very capable commander and every member of the allies and axis had them , to be fair , but you 're right that american doctrine in general was less cautious than british and commonwealth doctrines in regards to preserving the bulk of a fighting force during both world wars . 
  there 's a reason patton , a hot-headed and impetuous tactician , was so highly rated in his homeland . 
  compare that to montgomery , who was known as overly-cautious ( by his detractors ) but more importantly placing a huge emphasis on retaining the bulk of his force in any given situation , which to be fair was very important for him during the early stages of the war . 
  ai n't nobody going to persuade me that anyone other than slim was the finest overall commander in the world wars though . 
  slim is ma boi . 
  throughout history , there 's only one consistent thing found in graffiti across continents and separated by millennia . 
  yeah , it 's whacking great todgers . 
  good stuff . 
  it seems like a decent idea to me . 
  it 's more common to use it to mean drunk , but it really depends on the context . 
  in my experience you 'll usually say ` pissed off ' instead of just ` pissed ' if you mean angry . 
  i think you really underestimate what they 're running from if you think that 'll work . 
  yeah but yours is wonky . 
  waterman butterfly 4 lyfe, 
   europe 's history is filled with its major powers fighting each other to assert dominance over each other the 1700s is not today . 
  you are comparing two time periods with myriads of complex differences as if they were one and the same . 
  in reality , it 's pretty unfathomable in this state of affairs that there would be war between european nations like britain and france . 
  it would require some incredibly dramatic seismic shift - one that we ca n't really fathom , thus have no business protecting against - in the geopolitics of the region for anything even close to war to happen . 
  was n't a problem for finland , mind . 
  we 're coming for you next , mongolia . 
  sure , but even so he 'll likely be pm for the next three years . 
  considering at the turn of the millennium he was still just a journalist , that 's a hell of a rise for him and puts him in a pretty great position comparative to where he was before . 
  and 60 % voted to stay . 
  that 's a greater percentage than anywhere else in the country - on either side , remain or leave - other than scotland , and the scots look pretty likely to call another referendum on the strength of that . 
  politically london 's results are a landslide in favour of remain . 
  theresa may is probably the closest competitor , but she 's at a disadvantage given she was a remainer . 
  also , she 's not too much better . 
  he 's incredibly dangerous . 
  unfortunately for him though , cameron resigning has put him in a hell of a situation . 
  i would say ` well that 'll teach them ' but it fucking wo n't . 
  this happens every time . 
  pretty much , and generally apathy tends to align with the status quo . 
  i do wonder what the turnout would look like if we held another election right now , though . 
  bear in mind the vote does n't necessarily reflect the attitude of the people as a whole , it represents the attitude of the * voters * . 
  i have nothing to back this up , but i 've got rather an inkling that the majority of the people who did n't vote were for remain . 
  but i guess that 's all speculation anyway . 
  i did start panic drinking about a third of the way through the night as the results rolled in . 
  was not fun . 
  no , but london is fiercely pro-eu . 
  lambeth had something like 80 % remain vote . 
  as such , i can see why it 's slightly surprising to people that the former mayor of london is heading the leave campaign . 
  no less european geographically , but i 'd say membership of the eu and the schengen zone and such makes people more european socially . 
  i do n't see what 's hard to understand about it . 
  i am from london , but i am also english . 
  i am english , but i am also british . 
  i am british , but i am also european . 
  it 's certainly part of my identity , and leaving the eu badly damages that sense of belonging . 
  there 'd probably be solid support for a party like that . 
  ukip ran on the opposite platform as essentially a single-issue party , after all . 
  if the lib dems can get their act together and communicate how heavily pro-eu they are , perhaps this is a golden opportunity for them . 
  no change there then . 
  scotland should leave and good luck to them i say . 
  the referendum has crystallised the scottish independence debate to quite a degree . 
  what you need to understand about boris johnson is that he is a very intelligent man . 
  he realised his greatest asset was that of a well cultivated ` boisterous and bumbling ' personality , and he 's pushed that at every turn . 
  over the course of 8 years he 's very slowly introduced aspects into that persona that have changed his platform without it seeming like an overnight switch in policy . 
  he 's a great opportunist ; he saw livingstone and labour were weak in 2008 and he took his chance to become mayor then , and now he bided his time and aligned himself against cameron , gambling that out would win .
