yeah , that 's kinda the point of adjusting for population . 
  the irony being , of course , that the language americans speak was passed onto them by their ` colonial oppressors ' . 
  perhaps , but i 'd rather a man make a great point with five words than no point at all with fifty . 
  i do n't think he 's a cunt necessarily , i 'm just mystified as to why people think he 's a political sage all of a sudden for spouting some complex but meaningless platitudes a few months ago . 
  i 'm actually surprised it took you more than one post to invoke godwin 's . 
  makro master race, 
  i disagree , and thankfully it seems the majority of britain and its laws do too . 
  an eye for an eye should n't be a given in 2014 . 
  do n't take the piss mate , that 's clearly brixton . 
  i think the commonwealth war graves commission does an excellent job on maintaining an air of sombreness . 
  that said , the war graves i saw in france and belgium from the german side of wwi hit home even more , given how many of them were rushed mass graves as their army retreated . 
  what i find quite interesting is the american war graves , which generally mirror commonwealth ones but have their lettering in gold when the deceased was a recipient of a medal of honor . 
  i remember seeing that and thinking it does n't sit well with me ; it does n't really reinforce the ` everyone is equal in death ' concept that 's trying to be conveyed by the uniform graves of the cemetary . 
  that 's exactly why we do n't like to be advertised . 
  shhh , we do n't like to be advertised !, 
  i do n't think it was meant to be a comprehensive , serious look at the history of wwi , you know . 
  lighten up . 
  probably should n't look for more drawn out conversations , in that case !, 
  american interventionalism has done plenty of good , there 's no denying that . 
  but it 's also done a hell of a lot of bad , too , and it 's up to you which weight you put on which side of the argument . 
  some would argue that in the last thirty years american foreign policy has become increasingly irrational and aggressive , and that in that same time period the bad has therefore quite notably outweighed the good . 
  i might agree with them . 
  of course the us is a global military hegemony . 
  that fact means the us government does n't really have to answer to anyone . 
  that in itself is fairly terrifying . 
  but that 's not a guarantee of protection , and it does n't make your statement any more true . 
  the threats western nations have to deal with now are n't invasions , so american military power is n't really helping that much . 
  indeed , some would argue that trying to jam the square peg of the american military into the round hole of all the threats western nations are facing is doing more harm than good . 
  oh good lord , give it up . 
  there 's no ` blanket of protection ' provided by the anglosphere , it 's your government making misguided foreign police decisions and our government being too whipped to do anything other than follow them like a faithful but stupid dog . 
  as for pretending that the american interventionalism in europe was anything other than for the country 's own self-interest , well , that 's just worthy of an eye roll . 
  badgers like me . 
  why * are n't * you ? 
  badgers are pretty cool . 
  that 's the badger . 
  boooo . 
  you 're meant to say the number of ` ko 's also increases with the incredulity expressed or something !, 
  ah , i see , that makes more sense . 
  for a moment i thought the suffix changed depending on the word , which would 've been confusing . 
  oh boy , i 've always wanted to learn a hideously complex and utterly unique european branch of a uralic language !, 
  it 's like that old scottish football results chestnut : `` east fife four , forfar five . '', 
  wait , did that first ` the whole bonfire ? ', 
  have one fewer ` ko ' on the end of it to indicate a question ? 
  [ m8 come at my waterproof tank ] ( http://www.military-today.com/tanks/zbd_2000_light_tank.jpg ) who even needs boats ? 
  or , you know , tanks . 
  does this make hobbits tories ? 
  easy way to tell it was made by 4chan , really . 
  by who ? 
  that 'd fool precisely no-one . 
  and they 're not wrong either . 
  it is when you live in a country that 's altogether not used to it . 
  not being used to extreme temperatures does n't make you soft , it just means that you naturally have n't experienced those extremes before . 
  some of us have houses designed to keep heat in and no air conditioning . 
  not to mention anything above thirty is ridiculous enough in itself . 
  there are degrees of bad option , let 's not start being silly about this . 
  for someone of my political views , both david cameron and nigel farage are bad choices , but cameron is clearly the better choice of the two , for example . 
  ooookay you 're clearly either a complete psychopath , a gun nut ( often some overlap there ) , a troll or simply an idiot . 
  think i can i 'm going to leave this wonderful discussion on the astounding brilliant `` if everyone carries guns , nobody good will get hurt ! '', 
  line . 
  i am literally lost for words . 
  ah , so now suddenly it 's not just ` for attackers ' . 
  it 's for specific situations . 
  it 's for when an attacker has a weapon that is less powerful than yours , so you can hopefully wing him . 
  not to mention , of course , that if you fuck it up , you will definitely die , as opposed to the infinitely more rational response of getting the fuck away from there and letting the professionals do it . 
  and what about bystanders ? 
  when your shitty aim due to being an untrained civilian results in you taking out the eye of an innocent person , what then ? 
  so , let me get this straight . 
  you propose that people - any people , no screening or checks so that we can be sure the far more likely possibility of them being a nutjob and opening fire on randomers like happens so fucking often in america is averted - start carrying guns - not ` real ' guns , but nevertheless objects that fire projectiles enough to cause serious bodily harm - in order to defend themselves against attackers in situations where it 's not possible to run , but where the attackers have a weapon less powerful than yours , and preferably nowhere near anyone else . 
  sounds legit , what a perfect plan . 
  we are talking about a gun though , whether it 's a low powered one or a high powered one , it 's a gun and more importantly it looks like one . 
  the attacker - or lawkeepers who are just doing their job - are not going to stop to discuss the intricacies of an air-propulsion projectile system , they 're going to see what looks like a gun and shoot you . 
  you say it 's about you being safe , but in the vast , vast majority of times owning a gun does absolutely nothing to prevent you from harm . 
  what it does is raise the likelihood of any given person in the incident getting harmed , whether it be you , the person responsible , innocent bystanders , police , whatever . 
  this is europe . 
  we do n't go around toting handguns like we 're fucking gi joe whether they 're air powered or not , because we 're not bloody silly . 
  nobody has used the word cleanse like that since the late 1930s and you know it !, 
  cheeky bugger . 
  it 's not like wearing a seatbelt at all . 
  wearing a seatbelt has never made it more dangerous for you or anyone else in the car , whereas carrying a gun makes it more dangerous for literally everyone involved . 
  there is no situation where a gun will make it less dangerous for any given person in that situation . 
  the day we have to live in fear and carry our own weapons to ostensibly defend ourselves against hidden terrors that have a miniscule chance of actually effecting us is the day the people carrying out these attacks win . 
  they want to force us to live in fear and hate . 
  i for one refuse to do so . 
  on the contrary , building your house underground saves on heat loss and gives more room to expand , whereas carrying a weapon on you makes it more likely for you to be shot , whether it be by a crazed gunman or by police who have to be sure you 're not a threat . 
  you are as bad as they are if you want to ` cleanse ' anything . 
  you 're the kind of person who reacts to news of a tsunami in japan by buying a bloody submarine , are n't you ? 
  damn swedes , being all rational and shit . 
  by that logic i should completely rebuild my house underground just in case a bit of satellite does n't burn up completely in re-entry and fall on my roof . 
  you could probably pick any other mp who supports pr and they 'd be a better choice to be enamoured with . 
  douglas carswell is opposed to same sex marriage amongst other things . 
  clearly they have n't seen the giant dildo strapped to dipsy 's head then . 
  twitter plays philae landing . 
  thieves do n't generally tend to hang around and wait to get smacked around , you know , no matter how willing you are to do it . 
  way before then . 
  try medieval times . 
  it 's great because pretty much nobody escapes unscathed . 
  everyone 's a cariacature . 
  do n't blame me , i voted for kodos . 
  what an absolute load of rubbish . 
  omaha beach was an operational disaster .
