  yes , i know this . 
  but suggesting any significant proportion of poles have come here because 250,000 poles fought in the british army in wwii is pretty outlandish . 
  the majority moved here for economic reasons , and they chose the uk because ( a ) it has a commonly spoken language and ( b ) there were no restrictions on their migration and ( c ) it had a strong economy . 
  many pakistani and indian immigrants were given the right to move to the uk after world war ii . 
  this is the dominant reason for such large migration . 
   sending money to family is not that popular anymore i think largely because living without your partner and children is bloody miserable . 
  poles are well accepted in the uk , might as well bring over the whole family . 
  whilst being a nice answer , this really is n't the reason why people have come to the uk ; certainly not since 2004 . 
  poles here prior to 2004 form only a minority of the polish community in the uk , perhaps 50,000-100 ,000 . 
  this graph shows the situation well : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/80/polish-born_people_in_employment_in_the_uk_2003-2010_-_chart_2369a_at_statistics_gov_uk.gif, 
  the simple answer is money , british wages are * far * higher than polish wages . 
  economics is the main driving force . 
  slough is excellently connected from heathrow though . 
  and it 's well worth thr flight from north america/asia/africa . 
  well i mean i did it , and i saw a ton of fellow backpackers , my dad did it too back when the iron curtain was still up . 
  so it 's pretty darn popular . 
  it depends on your like or dislike of risk . 
  i 've never had any losses in left luggage anywhere in europe , but you may find leaving all your worldly possessions in an airport left luggage office makes you a little anxious . 
  i would probably go straight to my destination and make further trips in the future , european flights are pretty cheap . 
  yes you could . 
  reasonable cause is a defence , but it must be reasonable . 
  typically if you have a complete cricket set in the car , i 'm unaware of any prosecution in this case . 
  i am definitely aware of arrests for carrying a baseball bat though as the person was unable to justify their carrying of the item , and eventually admitted to using it for self defence , being unaware this was an offence . 
  police in great britain are chatty and friendly . 
  carrying an item ( in public ) for the purpose of self defence is usually a criminal offence in england/wales . 
  baseball bat in the car , very small knife , anything really . 
  if it is definitely an e then that 's great , not worth the risk of a d imo . 
  that said op if you get a pre face lift yaris be aware there is no reach adjustment . 
  not good if you have long legs / short arms . 
  you probably do n't get to pick the car in the group , you may be able to express a preference but do n't expect it to be guaranteed . 
  i 'd go group c , they 're the best cars there . 
  frankly , why would you want aygo when you can have yaris ? 
  vw up when you can get polo ? 
  i 'd go for fiesta , yaris ( which is actually pretty decent ) or polo if i could express a preference . 
  punto , 206 and corsa are pretty miserable . 
  just get one with a/c and a transmission you can use . 
  it is not harder . 
  yes , tipping is absolutely more expected with an american accent . 
  i 've seen americans receive hate for not tipping which simply would n't happen with a native brit . 
  three and ringo . 
  ringo gives unlimited free calls to us numbers last time i checked ( via pstn . ), 
  edit yep ringo is free to both us landlines and mobiles for calls . 
  be friendly . 
  learn about 20 words in each language . 
  be friendly . 
  just avoid getting in a vehicle , polish roads are comfortably more deadly than any terror attack . 
  can confirm . 
  nl is n't covered iirc . 
  see three uk 's feel at home page, 
  12gb is only when roaming . 
  i think three 's better plans are limited to 1000gb/1tb in the uk . 
  mine is and that 's # 20/mo . 
  what 's an intersection ? 
  but yes free wifi is widely available . 
  three do a good sim for not very much money which if activated will also give you data in france for no extra cost ( though i think it 's limited to only 12gb roaming data now ), 
  inter-railing is popular due to a well established rail network , it 's been popular since well before the fall of the berlin wall . 
  arguably you can use eu law to bring your unmarried partner , but it 's more of a pain than a married partner http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/travel/entry-exit/non-eu-family/index_en.htm, 
  you could possibly teach english depending on your english ability and knowledge of grammar in most eu countries to older learners . 
  tefl qualifications help a lot . 
  poles make up for it with road deaths mind you . 
  ( compared to the rest of the eu . ), 
  a quick look suggests more people are killed * solely by police * in the u.s. than are total homicides , by anyone , in poland . 
  obviously there are population differences , but still that 's mind-blowing . 
  wear it anyway !, 
  you 'll almost certainly be fine , it 's almost certainly safer for you in europe than the u.s. according to statistics anyway . 
  the u.s. murder rate is like 4-5x higher than ( e.g. ), 
  poland , and blacks make up a massively disproportional amount of the victims . 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's / probably / safer than your home country . 
  edit : saw you 're from the us , yeah it 's probably safer here than the u.s. according to the stats . 
  london , paris or rome probably . 
  it really , really depends what you 're interested in . 
  then this could be a bad trip if you breakdown . 
  think of the repairs required on top gear . 
  to be honest , i would n't mind high skilled workers using it as an opportunity to explore the world as long as there was no particular intention to then return to the uk . 
  ( off the top of my head ) , yes the extension is granted only if a specific amount of time ( 3-6 months ? ), 
  was spent in what is a fairly low-level job . 
  typically agriculture . 
  random link : http://www.travellers.com.au/workinoz/2ndyearvisaextensions/tabid/142/default.aspx as i understand it , there 's nothing stopping you different work in year 1 as long as you do n't want to extend . 
  are you a decent mechanic ? 
  i think sending a photo would probably give me an advantage ( i 'm the stereotype people want for the job i do ) , but it 's pretty unthinkable to send a photo with my cv . 
  i would never do it . 
  people can find me on my work 's website if they need . 
  it 's 30 , and iirc it permits renewal for british citizens if sufficient work in certain trades was completed in the first year ( aus . ), 
  youth mobility visa !, 
  start researching , i think it 's a great thing . 
  ireland ? 
  if you do n't speak anything other than english , english speaking countries make a lot of sense . 
  is it a pita ? 
  it 's pretty easy for non-eu spouses of eu citizens . 
  i believe the eu citizen 's passport ( + marriage certificate ) would be sufficient . 
  it 's well protected by the eu . 
   in the netherlands you even need to make a certain amount of money before your non-citizen spouse can stay in the country . 
  unless of course you are a non-dutch eu citizen , in which eu law trumps national law . 
  it 's the same in the uk . 
  polish guy moves to uk and is bringing chinese wife to the uk ? 
  no problem . 
  british guy bringing chinese wife to the uk ? 
  got to earn more than approximately # 20k . 
  marriage confers citizenship in very few countries now-a-days .
