  40 % is normal here . 
  it has a fascinating history . 
   traditionally , when reciting the alphabet in english-speaking schools , any letter that could also be used as a word in itself ( `` a '' , `` i '' , and , at one point , `` o '' ) was repeated with the latin expression per se ( `` by itself '' ) . 
   this habit was useful in spelling where a word or syllable was repeated after spelling ; e.g. 
  `` d , o , g -- dog '' would be clear but simply saying `` a -- a '' would be confusing without the clarifying `` per se '' added . 
   it was also common practice to add the '' & '' sign at the end of the alphabet as if it were the 27th letter , pronounced as the latin et or later in english as and . 
   as a result , the recitation of the alphabet would end in `` x , y , z , and per se and '' . 
  this last phrase was routinely slurred to `` ampersand '' and the term had entered common english usage by 1837 . 
   however , in contrast to the 26 letters , the ampersand does not represent a speech sound -- although other characters that were dropped from the english alphabet did , such as the old english thorn , wynn , and eth . 
   you can function as a programmer with limited english pretty awful experience , stackoverflow and practically all documentation is in english after all ... 
  perhaps when you drop your genders , we 'll consider it . 
  i must admit , even though our education system is n't particularly great , english fluency levels here are pretty good . 
  your teachers are correct . 
  i would recommend avoiding such constructs in english , although they are intelligible nonetheless . 
  i 've found with family it 's basically / always / `` tak , s\u0142ucham '' . 
  for me , when i was living in nottingham , i could tell certain areas of the city from each other surprisingly often ( for particular areas anyway ) , all of which sounded hugely different to neighbouring derby . 
  quite staggering really . 
  throw in some cases to get the party going . 
  i poached my polish wife when she was just 24 , looks like i was ahead of the game . 
  i think scientific research is very important , i see space as part of this . 
  that 's really beautiful , i need to visit tallinn already . 
  on the plus side , you get wonderful views of paris from the top . 
  even better , it 's the only place in paris your view is n't spoiled by tour montparnasse itself . 
  [ such beauty ] ( https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/rv-ah482_queena_p_20120713001009.jpg ), 
  definitely those created after 1800 . 
  anything else is n't modern !, 
  poor ireland . 
  malta is also incredibly high . 
  you do n't need to register it at all really . 
  passport office will accept a homemade deed poll just fine . 
  worce ster shire . 
  not that bad, 
  wife . 
  this is me , except ona jest moja zona !, 
  you need to meet the self sufficiency criteria which includes comprehensive sickness insurance as well as any local requirements like registration . 
  gibraltar nominates itself first, 
  far , far , far cheaper to get cross-europe budget airlines than trains in the uk . 
  there 's a nice intestacy calculator here : https://www.gov.uk/inherits-someone-dies-without-will, 
  uk is roughly . 
  for normal workers . 
  0-8 ,000 : 0 % 8,000-11 ,000 : 12 % 11,000-43 ,000 : 32 % 43,000-100 ,000 : 42 % 100,000 + : accountant . 
  ni is huge and should never be ignored imo . 
  the marginal tax rates on 12,000 and 92,000 are 32 % and 42 % . 
  really similar . 
  assuming they are not dependent on you , it 's not a big problem in england to do this in general . 
  til slovenian is really similar to the bits of polish that i know . 
  i think you might be an alcoholic . 
  probably things like the rise of the far-right nationalist parties in places such as france and germany . 
  not to mention brexit !, 
  example source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36130006, 
  this is a lovely summary . 
  it feels like the uk is pining for the early 1920s . 
  what is your ro salary ? 
  just book one online now ? 
  maths , further maths , physics , computer science . 
  lots of people consider poland to be eastern europe . 
  certainly in the uk . 
  dont assume the law is the same as home . 
  including photography laws !, 
  research for every country, 
  and shrek . 
  field hockey . 
  popular in schools . 
  most would say `` ice hockey '' to differentiate . 
  i 'm literally all out of other ideas , unless he dislikes pollution or southern railways ? 
  house prices ? 
  german photography laws are indeed very different to ( e.g. ), 
  the united kingdom ; but nevertheless you seem to have had an unusually negative experience of berlin . 
  i 've never really had any issues there . 
  really ? 
  i would n't say it 's massively hyped and it 's a lovely place to spend a day , just get into the colleges for a good experience . 
  come to the uk . 
  you will be happy . 
  17c right now in manchester . 
  downsides : full of americans . 
  full of scots . 
  full of english . 
  we really need to consider how many german speaking but non-english speaking people op will come across . 
  scrapping the human rights act was a tory policy in their 2015 manifesto . 
  scottish rivalries ? 
  englishmen and scots !, 
  or welshmen and scots !, 
  or japanese and scots !, 
  or scots and other scots !, 
  they ruined scotland, 
  feel safe sure . 
  but you 're significantly less safe . 
  yeah !, 
  can you drive it yourself ? 
  it 's not so far . 
  is this the case now ? 
  i 've certainly done it without supervision before , though this was several years ago now . 
   i 've never been anywhere in europe which let 's you swipe when it 's an automated machine . 
  that 's way too risky . 
  a lot of self check-outs in the uk can swipe and sign . 
  when i was in the us , it was literally just swipe my card most of the time . 
  not even signing , just swipe . 
  i paid $ 2k effortlessly without a pin and a signature that looked nothing like the card . 
  to be fair i usually ca n't stretch a can to more than an hour . 
  i ca n't believe you 've been nursing the same pint for a decade .
