not for a family in london really . 
  you could probably survive but rent is a killer . 
  if the question is about fees , it 's very likely op will pay international ( non-eu/uk ) fees . 
  residency has everything to do with it in the uk educational funding system . 
  you are not an eu resident . 
  and yet the other norwegian at the top has never heard of it !, 
  that is the correct translation . 
  matriculation day at oxford . 
  the chinese tourists went * mental * . 
  who cycles with two hands now a days ? 
  ca n't hold your phone if both hands are on the handlebars . 
  i am very happy to hear about the high level of latvian proficiency in latvia . 
  how ? 
  energy storage is a collosal problem and the biggest limiting factor to renewables right now . 
  if we could store energy even somewhat efficiently then nuclear would be far less attractive . 
  the uk uses  20gw at any given time overnight , that 's a * lot * . 
  if your country is flat , then it 's even more challenging . 
  rubbish at night though and for night-time industry though . 
  the chernobyl disaster caused around 60 direct deaths , and up to an estimated 4,000 further deaths from increased cancer . 
  the banqiao dam caused an estimated 171,000 deaths and 11 million displaced . 
  just the mining of coal causes thousands of deaths each year , gas/oil cause issues such as deepwater horizon ( 11 dead ) which leads to catastrophic environmental damage . 
  fukushima was the worst since chernobyl , yet there were no deaths or serious injuries due to radioactivity , though about 19,000 people were killed by the tsunami/evacuation . 
  solar/wind are great , and undoubtedly the future , but are n't capable of base-loading our power grids ( yet ) . 
  both solar * and * wind have higher deaths/unit power than nuclear . 
  that 's how safe nuclear is . 
  oh , and after all air pollution causes * millions * of deaths in any given year . 
  all in all , nuclear is pretty damn safe . 
  even the worst ever failures have typically been less than deaths by any other major source in any given year !, 
  [ see here for deaths/pwh ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/cyep2iltmk3n7jifjrcjnijuxe15x8qkflgr58uxtwy.jpg?w=1024&amp;s=5f63b1abd2a7e93c70ac672ae71353c2 ) and [ corresponding reddit discussion ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/3ug7ju/deaths_per_pwh_electricity_produced_by_energy/ ), 
  it 's one of the safest forms of power generation we have available per unit generated ( probably the safest ) i 've found many germans describe nuclear power as dangerous , is this a common thought ? 
  or foreign visitors without a dutch bank account ... 
  london has dirt cheap transport . 
  # 1.50 for a bus ( with a free connection ) is brilliant . 
  yes , but these are [ very limited ] ( https://www.gov.uk/dismiss-staff/unfair-dismissals ) and most employers are `` smart '' enough not to give it as a reason ( the reality of life ) . 
  it was 1 year , it was one of the very first changes the conservatives made when they entered power in 2010 . 
  ( i.e. 
  raise it to 2 years from 1 year ) it 's an excellent example of why people are concerned the conservatives will destroy even more employee rights after brexit . 
  they have strong precedent for doing so in just the last few years . 
  for many employees ( < 2 years ) , we are a hire and fire country . 
  you do n't get full legal protection until 2 years . 
  you can effectively be fired at will ( + notice period ) during that time even for unfair reasons ( except discrimination ) . 
  after 2 years legal protection is much better . 
  within a single sentence for almost all , and within 2-3 words for most visitors . 
  brits are incredibly fine tuned to accents , they represent part of our social order . 
  yes see eucaris and similar . 
  benelux , iberia , scandinavia , baltic , slavic , balkan etc. 
  british islands are a uk legal term . 
  hence the distinction . 
  yes , definitely . 
  i would do voice recordings but i 'm on mobile right now . 
  brits far prefer learnt in casual usage though , at least in the areas i 've lived in . 
   learned  vacation definitely american !, 
  school knows best . 
  i do n't think i have in this millennium . 
  the majority of people do n't have to do tax returns , many have never done one in their life !, 
  habsburgs were pretty interesting bunch of lads . 
  are you from dolnolslaskie ? 
  ( i appreciate there are other places ) if so , for others reading , this region was repopulated in ' 45 , largely with polish settlers from the lost regions ( mainly modern ukraine , lviv/lvov ) it 's hard to have a `` true '' mentality when the grandmothers were all born in what is now a different country . 
  can confirm that . 
  i 've only seen ketchup on pizza in poland . 
  weird . 
  and we are lucky to have it . 
  it 's definitely the better of the two . 
  if they ca n't , you could let the navy try instead . 
  whilst it was travelling at 100km/h . 
  not really . 
  we do n't have a universal credit score like the us seems to have . 
  lenders judge applications on their own metrics . 
  average : rent 2 bed flat low : rent a room in a 2 bed flat buying with low or average : nothing . 
  smietana , tymbark , frugo are in most supermarkets . 
  if you include polish shops you can get practically every polish product in the uk . 
  and incredibly shitty working conditions in the uk . 
  tl ; dr : swedes are not blunt . 
  ( that was a generatively long answer to say `` no '' ! ), 
  tens of thousands of irish citizens signed up to right though , and 5000 irish soldiers joined various parts of the allied army to fight as well . 
  the latter were persecuted substantially on their return to ireland . 
  i agree with practically everything here . 
  norwegian are my preferred choice within europe . 
  requests and requires sounds much more majestic . 
  short hair was mandatory for polish military service which was only phased out very recently . 
  the hair cut continues . 
  not in poland . 
  that 's for sure . 
  we have toilets specifically for homeless in oxford . 
  vital at night . 
  how about the fishermen ? 
  to be fair , the reason it 's not spelt the way you want it pronounced might be because changing your name in poland is hugely challenging compared to some other countries !, 
  my wife is polish ( born in poland ) and now i 've given her a surname with the letter `` v '' . 
  many regrets . 
  basically not accepted . 
  even in the uk, 
  try getting someone to blind-test you . 
  i did this on my parents in law ( dolno\u015bl\u0105skie ) and they did n't have a clue which was which ( when i used niegazowana anyway . ), 
  it 's strange not to routinely drink tap water in the uk . 
  i find when i see people regularly carrying several multipacks of water ( those 6x2l and 5l bottles ) it 's almost always an indicator that they did not grow up here . 
  cyclists especially . 
  in nottingham city , 24 % of people smoke , and 16 % of pregnant women smoke . 
  a pretty scary statistic . 
  25 % is out of control ? 
  try the uk :( .
