  yes , some of my relatives are so-called secret germans ( due to a chain of ( male ) germans starting in the 1950s . ), 
  the changes in 1999/2000 will stop this progressing . 
  sadly not myself though . 
  pound sterling . 
  german citizenship was similar until recently ( 2000 ? ), 
  showing your actions fulfil a partial or total defence to the crime in question really . 
  googling around brings up plenty . 
  almost always *, 
   golden grahams it 's available at tesco , ocado , morrisons , sainsburys and waitrose at the very least . 
  the uk one still has more than 25g sugar / 100g . 
  which is crazy high already . 
  catholicism 10/10 . 
  my mum became fascinated by genealogy a few years back , she managed to get our records back to the 1500s without too much issue , further than that was really challenging , and anything pre-1700 was n't easy . 
  if you 're unskilled , you 've got no chance of accessing high wage economies ( e.g. 
  uk ) or indeed low wage economies either . 
  you have no skill that anyone would want . 
  if it 's below # 33k , it 's nothing mind-blowing indeed . 
  interns get more than that , although it really depends what you want . 
  london is expensive , but the north of england is less so . 
  the uk 's nice in general , but then again so is krakow . 
  if you 're skilled , you can get visas to work in the us , you do n't need a green card lottery . 
  also , have you considered working in the uk ? 
  you clearly speak english , and salaries are higher . 
  yes , the prounication of english leaves a lot to be desired regarding consistency , but frankly the same can be said about polish grammar !, 
  ( english grammar can be inconsistent too , we certainly should get rid of `` a/the '' but on the plus side you can start to make sentences in english far faster than polish , which allows people to stay motivated . 
  i like [ a ] dog . 
  i like three dogs . 
  i like five dogs . 
  translate those to polish and look at how the word for dog changes  painful indeed for new learners . 
  ah but us brits have the other argument . 
  as a couple , we already know polish . 
  if i learn it , we have gained nothing as a couple . 
  if i learnt another language , we as a couple , would have gained a lot . 
  if i ever move to poland , i would of course learn it , but it 's an absolutely awful language from almost all perspectives . 
  terrible construction , ridiculous grammar and absurd cases , i loathe declensions - they 're the sign of insanity . 
  latin only had 6 cases , polish has 7 !, 
  there 's a reason it takes poles longer to become fluent in their own language than other people . 
  that is significantly different !, 
  i think it 's worth saying i went to an incredibly shitty secondary school , but anyway , no languages were compulsory at gcse level for me . 
  i took spanish anyway and i 'd say i left with `` tourist '' spanish . 
  my fianc\u00e9 is polish ! ... 
  and it 's an incredibly hard language to learn !, 
  you should n't take this too seriously . 
  it is so-called british wit and sarcasm at work . 
  that said , every time i 've had a friend try french in france , the french man we were talking to rolled their eyes and swapped to english . 
  i find the stereotype of `` french people only speak french , and hate english '' has largely died . 
  especially in urban areas and with younger people . 
  most brits never get beyond malaga though sadly . 
  briton here !, 
  foreign languages are usually compulsory for three years for most students , ages 11-14 ( or years 7-9 . ), 
  after that gcse and a level options exist . 
  foreign language abilities here are very poor for white british students in particular . 
  you are usually assigned a language at age 11 , but some ( better ) schools allow you to choose . 
  i learnt spanish . 
  the real problem is what language should we pick ? 
  spanish ? 
  everyone in the south of spain is british anyway . 
  french ? 
  we 'd never be good enough for them anyway . 
  polish ? 
  7 cases and 3 genders !, 
  not a chance !, 
  manda-what are these symbols ?!, 
  * how * many do i have to learn ?!, 
  japanese ? 
  see above hindi ? 
  not even worthwhile if you live in a non-hindi speaking area of india , might as well learn english before hindi . 
  arabic ? 
  difficult , highly varied , many dialects , seen as a strange choice , arguably in demand !, 
  german ? 
  they all speak fluent english anyway . 
  dutch ? 
  meant to be easy to learn , but see german . 
  portuguese ? 
  see spanish . 
  best way is find yourself a nice partner who speaks fluently or natively in the language you wish to learn . 
  yes agreed , french , spanish and italian are incredibly similar in their construction . 
  many speakers of italian find spanish extremely easy to pick up , and i expect it 's the same vice-versa . 
  people would be aware it happened , but it would n't be discussed . 
  i reassure you it 's not that relevant in comparison to the million other historic events . 
  i appreciate it 's important to americans , but we have a lot of other history that we already do n't have time to study !, 
  in my education , i do n't think it was , it would 've probably been on some timeline somewhere , but i doubt any of my teachers said the words `` american revolution '' . 
  the american revolution is also pretty boring from a historical perspective for children , small skirmishes supported by the french . 
  we do n't usually study napoleon 's conquest of europe or the french revolution either . 
  too busy studying the tudors for the n ^ th time . 
  these countries : [ link ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/the_british_empire_anachronous.png ) have all been part of the british empire , each leaving is n't really notable . 
  is it ? 
  we are n't taught about the american revolution in schools particularly , it 's not a significant part of our history . 
  it does n't put any real limit on the number of non-eu immigrants , skilled workers are almost always a net benefit to uk , so we do n't have to restrict at all , and in fact , for skilled workers -- we barely restrict . 
  if we could build houses properly , we 'd really have no concerns at all , immigration is n't a zero-sum game after all . 
  13-17 depending on the family normally . 
  minimum private drinking age in the uk is effectively 5 years old . 
  so you can familiarise yourself with alcohol safely before 18 . 
  public underage drinking is n't that common , but private under 18 drinking is extremely common . 
  the uk is super strict for non-eu immigrants really , especially unskilled . 
  poles are super religious , especially by european standards . 
  the countries are safe ( e.g. 
  murder rates ) , but the roads are frankly terrifying in comparison to ( e.g. ), 
  i 'd recommend flying . 
  i 've personally done this on trains though .
