  britain did n't do jack-shit to help us , so fuck off already . 
  yes , you brits and americans came here to kill ceausescu . 
  totally, 
  tito took good care of belgrade , compared to our comrade, 
  why would you think we 'd be doing worse than serbia ? 
  it does n't say, 
  gdp ppp per capita red : 2014 green : 2020 the source : http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2015/01/weodata/index.aspx, 
  do n't really care . 
  neutral, 
  are you 12 ? 
  cause you type like one, 
  that 's stupid, 
  we treat gypsies that way because they do n't want to integrate . 
  and they deserve to be treated that way . 
  if the arab immigrants want to integrate , we 'll welcome them like we 've welcomed them before . 
  ceausescu had a lot of them come here to study , and all was k. 
  honestly , i hope they 'd stay . 
  they seem like alright people . 
  agriculture needs to be done by as few people as possible . 
  modern equipment doing most of the job with a couple of people controlling them . 
  big villages are n't needed , except if those villages live on tourism . 
  glad to help, 
  a video, 
  source, 
   brain drain immigrants that come here to popular blind eye towards corruption what does this even mean, 
  like they 're not poor enough already, 
  this guy actually took it seriously . 
  space wine lol, 
  uh yeah , why are you so surprised ? 
  we have shipyards after-all, 
  those hungarian ranks are the stuff of nightmares, 
  top notch logic right there, 
  lol who ? 
  the guy with the lcd in the living room ? 
  everyone has one, 
   new zealand  you europeans and i thought only americans had no clue what geography is , it seems it 's contagious, 
  ... and ? 
  after all the bullshit i saw you sprout along the months i 've been on this subreddit about hungarians being so amazing and romanians treating them like shit , yes you are an extremist . 
  so pls leave as soon as you can and do n't come back , thx, 
   i live in romania ( hopefully only until late august ) phew , good riddance . 
  another extremist that leaves, 
   we even pay for the maintenance of the soldiers that they send here . 
  lol no . 
  we will pay for the guards that will look over the munitions depots, 
  so what does that video have to do with what you quoted ? 
  so is there anything special that i should be looking for in the picture ? 
  germany 's perspective pf romania : agriculture , agriculture , oil !!, 
  ! , agriculture . 
  really interesting map though . 
  first time i see a resource map made especially to show how one country can exploit them all, 
  there 's so many other countries that have commieblocks . 
  yes they are . 
  once aa emplacements are down , those a-10s will fuck anything that 's under an enemy flag, 
  . . for now, 
  she 's an english teacher , funnily enough, 
  he 's a goddamn general and ex - supreme commander . 
  he knows war tactics like the back of his hand . 
  after a big part of corrupt judges were sentenced . 
  if dna did n't do shit , they would still keep to their old ways and happily take the bigger wage . 
  until i see a proper politician in this country , they can all gather up in front of a firing line for all i care . 
  they have a high responsability job , but that responsability does n't stick to them one bit . 
  that has nothing to do with how well-payed or not their politicians are . 
  if their politicians were good , they should be even richer , considering the history of their countries . 
  they were both also on the other side of the iron curtain . 
  absolutely ca n't be compared by wealth to romania . 
  keep coming with retarded arguments . 
  and you think paying them better will do anything ? 
  hah , no . 
  the mentality in the political system is too warped , giving them more money will make them even lazier . 
  look at greece or italy , high wages , just as corrupt politicians . 
  he 's there to serve the country , not get rich, 
  well if you guys can give us western salaries then i 'm all for the steam prices, 
  steam is fucking over eastern europe with their pricing . 
  cis-countries get damn cheap prices , but the others , lol no . 
  look at that , sanic , man that 's so funny . 
  well considering most of our defense doctrine is fuck any invader in the carpathians , you can guess why most of our camo is forest . 
  polandball autists are leaking out of the subreddit it seems, 
  i guess it would be something like pusca de asalt calibrul 5.56, 
   very annoying and crippling inferiority complex says you, 
  there is [ one ] ( http://www.resboiu.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/noua-arma-de-asalt-calibrul-556.jpg ) in the making . 
  fuck knows when it 'll be ordered in bulk by the army tho . 
  well yeah , forest camo does n't blend with dead grass, 
  that 's the most believable explanation tbh, 
  what does that have to do with romanians ? 
  wow , you 're so deep and smart, 
  why thank god ? 
  nuclear reactors are good, 
  in that case , yeah . 
  i can agree that is n't as usual . 
  wait , this is n't done all over romania ? 
  how the fuck could n't you know about kissing on cheeks , everyone does it here, 
  did the russian lose his mind ? 
  some shit that gets reported in the west as sexual harrasment here is just banter, 
  yeah , i 'm calling bullshit until i see the source where it states how the research was done and on how many people . 
  i 'm 1,80 and i think i 'd notice if the goddamn average was this small . 
  most people i see are more or less the same height . 
  no way 1,72 . 
  also the people that could leave the country ( sailors ) got rich as fuck by selling products from the outside on the black market . 
  and the authorities gave no fucks about it . 
  blue = liberty of the blue sky yellow = prosperity of the bountiful fields red = the blood shed to defend our country,
