  so our railways became shittier since 2012 great, 
  sucks to be him , still nobody honestly cares, 
  what the fuck is with this news ? 
  how is this relevant to anything, 
  they do n't even care about corruption , they just use it as a reason for their political decision . 
  the average joe thinks that by keeping us out of schengen , will keep our gypsies out of their country . 
  which is retarded . 
  countries like the netherlands refusing to accept , their reason always being corruption, 
  who cares, 
  same thing, 
  hungary still has tanks ? 
  amazing, 
  sjw warrior right here, 
  the fuck are you trying to do here, 
  good , hopefully it passes, 
  wish it was true , but i do n't think it is . 
  euro is the last thing we need, 
  at least they 're planning to get rid of that extra excise . 
  dunno what they were thinking when they implemented that shit . 
  what the fuck, 
  he has a point , `` romania , te iubesc ! '', 
  always make the show like the whole fucking country is about to fall apart, 
  they did n't exactly buy it all of the sudden after communism . 
  dacia released the nova , which was kind of a success , at least in eastern europe . 
  that got renault 's attention , which bought the company . 
  i know cases where the authorithies built sewage but barely anyone in the village connected to it . 
  most of them have a tv and internet . 
  their reason is that it 's too expensive , but they can afford those subscriptions . 
  i guess they just ai n't used to having an indoor toilet . 
  yeah , teszari seems to also start to get into the energy sector . 
  he 's trying something with the oradea municipality, 
  yeah ... that wo n't happen, 
  what do you mean, 
  and how would that work ? 
  we do n't have a common border anymore . 
  connect an existing highway to polish port cities that goes from poland-slovakia-hungary-romania and then galati ? 
  vlad tepes is romanian, 
  hungarian is a fucked up language, 
   where is your soul ? 
  well that question mark is totally unneeded there, 
  greece will connect to turkey for azeri gas . 
  they also get liquified gas in their ports, 
  yeah we should , actually, 
  why would we have that here ? 
   world dissaproved of nazis just like it does of russia now . 
  yes , cause average people totally made a difference between the nazis and the average german soldier/citizen back then, 
  like we do n't have enough garbage in our army , hungarian rust-buckets would totally help, 
   i am saying you are dishonest because , had they been the richest two counties , i doubt you would be ok with their autonomy either . 
  i wo n't deny that , it 's true . 
  i think autonomy , either way , wo n't bring anyone any benefits . 
  but what the hell would they benefit from autonomy ? 
  tell me . 
  cause from my pov they would only get poorer . 
  those counties need state funds , otherwise they 'd be done for in a month, 
   we ca n't know that for sure . 
  maybe they will less corrupt if they feel that land is actually theirs the mayors of those counties are hungarians , it is theirs . 
  and they treat it like shit even more than a romanian mayor would do . 
  they cut their forests through shady deals like they 're nothing . 
  those politicians getting even more control over that place would n't change anything . 
  i 've seen enough of udmr to see how incompetent and corrupt they are . 
  the thing is nobody would benefit from that autonomy . 
  they would n't get more rights , only hungarian politicians getting more power there , and they 're just as corrupt . 
  those counties are poor as fuck , and autonomy would mean getting even poorer , since there 's barely anything in there regarding industry other than wood processing factories . 
  more like politicians making claims they know will never come to fruition just to get votes . 
  those 2 counties are some of the poorest in the country , all they rely on is cutting down their forests for money mostly . 
  they are hooked on government funds , and they want autonomy ? 
  this whole thing is retarded , again it 's just politicians making empty talk to show that they 're not useless . 
  i do n't give a shit what he 's saying when his actions are attacking another eastern european country, 
  starting shit with the falklands distracts the population, 
  he did n't listen to the advice of his best generals in many important decisions, 
  case closed, 
  say something in romanian , see if you are . 
  pathetic ? 
  more like it 's retarded that we will join so soon . 
  and actually , i guarantee that we wo n't join in 3 years . 
  isarescu wo n't allow it , he knows very well that we do n't need the euro yet, 
  and since ussr was literally at our border , and the other bordering countries were commies , they would 've won and we would 've become commies as-well . 
  simple . 
  i did n't blame shit . 
  i only told that brit to shut the fuck up about britain being the reason we are not communist now . 
  look , i 'm saying again , you 're naive if you think the russians would 've let us be neutral so close to the ussr . 
  like come the hell on , be honest now . 
  bessarabia was part of the ussr , it 's right next to us . 
  they would 've influenced us to become commies or force us to become commies . 
  no other option . 
  wait , so you 're telling me about the fantasy setting of a fascist government that would stay neutral ? 
  what 's the point of them staying neutral if they would n't go fight those dirty commies ? 
  and even if we would n't have invaded russia , we still would 've ended up commie . 
  we would 've been surrounded by commie countries after the war , and the russian army would 've had to pass the country after the germans retreated . 
  so we 'd either not let them and they would 've invaded us , or we would 've let them pass through here , and they would 've stayed here until they were sure their commie parties in the country had enough support to win . 
  yes , that 's what happened . 
  but if we tried to stay neutral like you said , the germans would 've invaded us without a second thought . 
  our oil was crucial for their tanks . 
  stop being naive . 
  those two would 've done another poland on us for our oil . 
  or if not , germany would 've invaded us just for our oil . 
  saying that we could 've stayed neutral in ww2 is retarded . 
  there was no `` democratic resistance movement '' here . 
  what i can agree about the funding that helped here was the radio `` free europe '' , a lot of people were listening to that in secret . 
  the arms race that bankrupted moscow was n't intended to help the communist countries under russia 's yoke , so do n't fucking use that as a argument .
