  fucking stuck-up ignorant westerners, 
  low urbanization rate compared to surrounding countries , thus a big rural population . 
  most of them do n't need/afford computers to get internet, 
  lol you mention that guy all the time . 
  cry more, 
  dunno about bulgaria , but all the requirements for joining schengen have been fulfilled by romania . 
  so it 's not fair . 
  this will never happen , move along, 
  you russians really love your sources . 
  i remember back when the ukrainian invasion just happened and the russians kept asking for `` source ?? '', 
  whenever someone mentioned the obvious russian soldiers that were in ukraine . 
  the main crook in the robbery is a guy called ilan shor . 
  and he 's known to have a lot of dealings with russia , even politically, 
  yeah , stolen by russian bankers . 
  moldova is a black hole ? 
  lol then what about transnistria ? 
  that country survives on russian money, 
  ... i do n't get it, 
  that 's not much for a developing country . 
  it 's quite insignificant tbh . 
  look at bulgaria that 's been stagnating all the time with around 1 % growth , nothing much really changed over the years . 
  lol, 
  our border is as [ secure ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7vpgrapoes ) a border can be . 
  you do n't know shit about my country so do n't fucking tell me to `` fix it '' . 
  we have long passed all the requirements for joining schengen . 
  good . 
  the same thing we did last time these cunts vetoed our schengen entry, 
  some bribes here and there and you have a permission, 
  none, 
   it definitely will have an effect . 
  especially the catch rate at the border would be higher now . 
  as the article clearly shows . 
  no it will fucking not , i have already told you how passing the border works . 
   sure ... let 's come to an agreement : pay us the 300 million ( + more ) a year and we would gladly allow you to join ... 
  us , who ? 
  the dutch ? 
  lol fuck off , you think you 're way more important than you are . 
  also is that a bribe you 're asking , you oh-so-fair dutch model citizen ? 
  so germany , uk , france and most eu countries support us joining schengen , but then your small-ass country decides it 's so important and cares so much about justice that it decides to veto us every time right ? 
  you think there would be a goddamn difference between us being in or not in schengen regarding criminal groups moving in or out of the country ? 
  haha , so naive . 
  i frequently pass the hungarian border and all i have to do is show my id to the cops for a couple of seconds . 
  they take a look , see i 'm an eu citizen , i pass . 
  a romanian criminal is , guess what , a eu citizen as-well , he would n't be checked , they do n't send your id through a database or anything when you go through . 
  all you 're doing is stopping our economy from developing at a faster pace , that 's it . 
  what are you on about ? 
  no shit bucharest is n't in the carpathians, 
  this just shows how retarded the eu is , when every small country like the shitty netherlands can veto a decision just because they feel like it . 
  and when they do it 's always some stupidly-argumented reason , like `` errr corrupt country , yeah . 
  who cares that other schengen members are just as corrupt '', 
  what ? 
  well you ca n't see shit in any city . 
  not even in the suburbs of bucharest you would n't see much . 
  got ta go to villages some kms away at least, 
   that 's why in the medieval hungary the romanians lived peacefully with hungarians hah, 
  the truth is surprising , huh ? 
  not everyone lives in a small-ass country like yours, 
   but these bombings really do n't affect the average person in malm\u00f6 what the fuck ? 
  there should n't be any goddamn bombs blowing up in the first place . 
  you serious ? 
  the mass migration does n't come from bucharest , or even the big cities . 
  genius, 
  same here , except bucharest seems to have been doing it [ right ] ( https://alexandruupop.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/pista-bicicleta-calea-victoriei.jpg ), 
  they know the risks . 
  and now the risks have catched up to them . 
  tough shit, 
  yeah , those poor people selling meth on the streets . 
  it 's totally legal cause they 're poor right ? 
  lol, 
  well that 's just ridiculous . 
  we wish, 
  good , fuck off with that proposal, 
  how much your brain costs ? 
  lol what kind of question is that, 
  the fuck you on about, 
  uh , yes they do ? 
  bucharest has like 9k turks or more, 
  no ee country has russia 's population , resources , and territory . 
  for such a big country to make a hsr between their biggest cities , ai n't such a big deal . 
  since when is russia comparable with the ee states ? 
  those are catastrophic figures for a single year , what the fuck ? 
  i 'm sure this is bullshit , how did he calculate this ? 
  have fun with that hungary , 
  culture means only opera for him , duh, 
  well the slavic language is pretty shit , however you put it . 
  sounds bad , looks bad , hard to learn . 
  fuck that, 
  fair enough then, 
  kiev is supposedly more beautiful than bucharest if you take this top into account lol . 
  i 've been to kiev , it 's shit . 
  also we have cities like brasov or sibiu , but obviously they 're too shit to be said in this great list, 
   romania and poland will be paying our pensions in 30 years time what, 
  i mean good years for the average joe . 
  everyone was getting what they wanted , buildings houses , investors galore , optimism and happiness all around . 
  until the crash happened , that is . 
  crazy years , but good years, 
  in romania this does n't really happen . 
  assassinations have been a thing only in the 90 's / early 2000 's . 
   romania is more akin to a middle eastern country like turkey than , say , fellow eu member countries like austria or finland . 
  you know , instead of going for such bullshit like middle eastern .
