  ha ... think i forgot to laugh, 
  bad stuff like this does n't really happen in romania , so we are all stuck in this haze of `` it 's gon na be k '' . 
  it takes tragedies for us to wake up and change things to how they should be . 
  they have, 
  looking at the cars ... i 'd say this picture is pretty old . 
  pre-2008 such gridlocks were usual business . 
  1 ambulance in 30 mins ? 
  who told you that load of crap ? 
  i 'm so confused about this whole thing . 
  usually i 'm called a psd poster in r/romania when i dare say something positive about them and their government . 
  now i was just accused of calling all social-democrats as evil . 
  fuck knows what 's up with that guy , but if that 's what watching too much antena 3 does to you , then i 'm glad i 'm staying away from them . 
  i guess i can agree with what you 're saying . 
  tbh , this is my biggest annoyance with ponta 's government . 
  they 're doing pretty well over-all , if only they would invest in infrastructure . 
  or at least if they 'd keep sending controls to cnadnr and make them work , just like they did with other state departments . 
  you all okay up there dude ? 
  where the fuck did i say that all social-democrats are evil ?!, 
  show me the fucking post, 
  ... what ? 
  they did more than vat cuts , a lot of taxes getting cut are for the industry . 
  which in turn , will attract more foreign investment . 
   for a country like romania , with low debt and poor infrastructure , a surplus is a sign of bad rather than good governance . 
  that logic eludes me . 
  the surplus is because of good governance , since the state does a better job at collecting taxes ( anaf being made , anti-corruption going full-force , the bureaucracy for companies being made less annoying and time-consuming ), 
   all social-democrats are evil i never said that . 
  i actually believe this government is the most competent one we had yet . 
  okay , but it 's not like they wasted the surplus either . 
  all the money still go towards the population and the industry through tax cuts and increased salaries . 
  which in turn will make even more money . 
  extra money is a good thing , either way . 
  also the budget for the transport ministry was pretty decent . 
  so , even if they worked on a lot of projects they would n't have finished it , i think . 
  you 're complaining about politics , and the anti-corruption agency scaring bureaucrats into not wanting to do anything anymore . 
  and a supposed preferential treatment of the dna regarding certain parties . 
  still has nothing to do with the budget surplus . 
  ... none of that has anything to do with the budget surplus tho, 
  the budget surplus is n't because of not doing any investments in infrastructure . 
  the budget for infrastructure spending was already made , and most of the money for the ministry of transportation were left unspent ( so they were sent to other ministries : health , education , defense etc. ) . 
  but this surplus comes from extra money coming in , from what ? 
  from a better fight against tax evasion , a lot of foreign investment coming in this year , and whatever else . 
  if you ask any romanian what basarabia is , they 'll know it 's the republic of moldova . 
  everyone in romania knows it as basarabia . 
  what you on about ? 
  moldova is 50/50 . 
  if commies get in power , you can bet the pro-eu citizens will be mad . 
  it 's fucked , prolly a new maidan in the making . 
  haha here we go , the pro-russians are gon na get in power . 
  at least we ai n't gon na send to moldova all those money as a loan anymore . 
  jesus christ , who calls romania a shithole other than 4channers ? 
  there 's no fence there yet , so they 'll keep trying . 
  once croatia closes their borders , you can bet your ass they 're going to come here . 
  well ponta i guess , since romania is the only one with a working anti-corruption agency . 
  hah , by the time the route to croatia might be closed and the migrants will look our way , we 'll already be ready to close our borders along with serbia . 
  good to know . 
  well considering the situation now in moldova is even worse than in 2007 , yeah , i do n't see why not . 
  when we 'll get rid of our corruption , maybe then . 
  last thing i want is the shitstorm in moldova to come here, 
  it 's shit, 
  well if you bring demographics . 
  russia 's population is increasing while eastern europe is declining . 
  an american that has no clue about the ussr and communism is defending it . 
  lol, 
  nice , we have a sustainable production . 
  do n't over-do it with any resource, 
  now if only constanta was n't such a fugly city, 
  [ bet you guys do n't know this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lgs40h9xja ), 
  what ? 
  we are more industrialized and richer in our cities . 
  and these cities do a better job than the bulgarian ones . 
  but we have way more villages in total , and thus a bigger poor population . 
  while bulgaria has a bigger urbanization rate , and thus , less villages/villagers . 
  he did n't confuse romania with moldova , if that 's what you 're saying, 
  do n't bother too much . 
  romanians around ohere like to whine a lot . 
  can be seen by how many threads they keep making, 
  oh hey , attention whoring again . 
  keep going, 
  also europa fm , kiss fm and radio 21, 
  craiova is n't representative of the whole country . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.btgromania.ro/storage/app/media/portofoliu/vaslui/fatada%20spital.jpg ) is how the main hospital in vaslui looks like , the poorest county in our country . 
  sooo , yeah . 
  tito took good care of belgrade . 
  compared to our comrade, 
   the pictures are representative for 80 % of romanian healthcare pulling percentages out of your ass , my favorite past-time as-well . 
  alright then , keep attention whoring and i 'll keep complaining . 
  post only about events in the country and the economy . 
  that should be enough to not let romanians post a news-piece every day about us . 
  holy shit , so many people have no idea what schengen is . 
  [ nicolae romanescu park ] ( http://www.gds.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/pod-suspendat.jpg ) it 's pretty big and very well maintained , has a lake in the middle of it too . 
  one of the nicest parks in the country imo [ old city ] ( http://www.cvlpress.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/centrul-istoric.jpg ) was renovated recently , a couple of streets are like this . 
  [ main plaza ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/craiova_-_centrul.jpg ) it ai n't that bad, 
  the city has some nice parts . 
  the central plaza and the old part of the city that was recently renovated comes to mind . 
  also the city 's main park , that 's also great . 
  it 's not putting it under the rug . 
  what , you think people on this board care that much that we have some shit hospitals ? 
  it 's attention whoring . 
  we 're obsessed with such threads , and i do n't understand why . 
  literally , nobody else other than us makes such threads .
