  you should just say `` more akin to southern/balkan eu countries like italy and greece . 
  since , holy shit , we are n't the only corrupt country in the eu . 
  errrrrr , maybe 20-30, 
  anaf be coming, 
   anti-corruption is great , but it 's not helping at all to reduce poverty . 
  uh , yeah , what a surprise ? 
  the fuck do you want the prosecutors to do , hand-outs for the poor ? 
  it will have an effect on poverty later on when more competent politicians get to lead the country after all the filth has been cleaned . 
  was a troll, 
  have fun with all the gypsies taking over that oh-so-rich city of yours, 
  another agency is going to be made for that, 
  anaf is a new agency that has nothing to do with dna . 
  they 're made for fiscal administration , and they have big funding . 
  the employees are all young and professional , payed decent wages , and when the agency got made like 4 ( ? ), 
  years ago they were given [ a new uniform designed for them , along with new cars ] ( http://media.dcnews.ro/image/201503/w670/anaf_82094500.jpg ) . 
  took them a couple of years to get organized , then since last year they went absolutely [ crazy ] ( http://static.cfnet.ro/media/2015/05/antifrauda-anaf-coloana-1mai.png?4dd9cf ) with fighting tax evasion . 
  well this thread took a nice turn, 
  the fuck is this ? 
  recruitment companies sending people to comment ? 
  first that bulgarian guy , now the polish too, 
  well i ca n't find much news about it . 
  but it makes sense . 
  the it industry here is booming , explosive growth . 
  it 's growing much faster than what the universities can pump out, 
  it 's enough for a decent life in here, 
  no terrorist attack has been done in here for decades . 
  and you can hear every year about our security agency throwing/arresting people out of the country that had connections with terrorist organizations or that were making bombs . 
  a couple of years ago they even managed to get a russian spy that was about to leave the country with important info . 
  so pretty good, 
  blame english . 
  in romanian it 's bucuresti . 
  does n't sound so similar then, 
  i think maybe you mean adrian nastase ? 
  that was the pm the agency in that news-piece is n't even the dna ( the anti-corruption agency ) , the one they mention is ani . 
   not to mention lack of funding for the anti-corruption national directorate , refusal to allow the hiring of more prosecutors , the head of senate constantly asking for the resignation of codruta kovesi , the head of the afore-mentioned agency and the government having in its pocket 3 tv news channels that constantly put pressure and raise hell regarding the activity of prosecutors . 
  the interim pm opened up posts for several dozen more prosecutors in the dna , and they have all the funding they need . 
  all that 's left to be done of what kovesi asked is to change their hq building . 
   i 'm surprised the prosecutor is so courageous considering what the russian secret service or the russian oligarchy are known to be capable of . 
  we have our own secret services , and they are n't to be laughed at, 
  jesus christ how many times will this shit happen ? 
  would if we could ? 
  says who , you ? 
  romania has already experienced a crash from having an economic growth from a construction and consumption boom based on debts . 
  we 'd be retarded to try that again, 
  not really , if greece fucks up and has a ( even more ) severe recession , romania will surpass it quickly . 
  the op did n't post it as a good example, 
  what ? 
  romania was part of the iron curtain and was stuck with a dictator with only 4 grades in school . 
  greece was on the other side enjoying all the benefits of the free world . 
  that 's the reason . 
  high five romania barely had any trade with russia and we do n't give a shit about all these sanctions, 
  this is supposed to be the security chief ? 
  rip europe, 
  how is it poland 's fault that the eu is so scared to take real measures in helping the southern countries stop the flow of immigrants ? 
  if it was up to poland and other eastern states , action would 've been taken long ago . 
  there 's this cool thing called wind, 
  come on , let 's be honest here . 
  you actually think there 's any chance of us uniting with moldova ? 
  i find it funny that people keep putting up this fairy-tale union into discussion . 
  it will never happen, 
  i think he wants to make a point that it 's easier for smaller countries to get higher numbers in whatever/capita . 
  yeah , but the discussion was about the balkans . 
  companies act the same all throughout the region . 
  wow , really ? 
  who would 've thought, 
  we 'll see about that . 
  basescu deserves jail way more than ponta and he 's still free as a bird . 
  if you dare open a window and a door in the same room people will think you suicidal, 
  certainly , but that can be said for all the governments we 've had since the revolution . 
  pontas gov is just the shiniest shit of the pile . 
  cfr returned to profit , posta romana returned to profit , hidroelectrica returned to massive profits , tarom is on it 's way to profits after reducing a lot of it 's losses . 
  and so on, 
  it 's easy for romania . 
  a big part of the population is still rural based and lives on subsistence . 
  thus , they have very low wages/social welfare . 
  the average is taken down by a lot . 
  raising the minimal wage by a decent amount , thus increasing internal consumption . 
  making anaf , that did an amazing job at getting rid of tax evasion . 
  tax cuts for companies so they can expand businesses . 
  giving money to people that want to start their companies . 
  successful restructuring of state companies so that they get back to profit . 
  and many other such things . 
  yes , you really found the reason there . 
  congrats , you 're smart . 
  ponta is the most competent pm yet regarding the economy . 
  he made a lot of good changes . 
  croatia will be overtaken !, 
  3 ` rd poorest ! 1 !, 
  still is n't ex-soviet, 
  there 's no romanian on this world that optimistic to say such a thing . 
  but i 'm not too pessimistic either . 
  so i 'll end it with : dunno, 
  well it certainly is something once you think how the country was after the revolution . 
  only albania was poorer than us . 
  possibly , who knows . 
  if greece falls we 'll be the richest country in the balkans, 
  that 's a lot of chocolate . 
  nice . 
  ... okay ? 
  at some point it was .
