  ] ( http://www.greatblouses.com/images/products/564/big/1.jpg ) i guess they can be hairy too , dunno, 
  well , look on the bright side . 
  if they go commie then that means we can take budapest again . 
  fun, 
   hungarians call romanians `` sz\u0151r\u0151stalp\u00fa '' which means , that a person has hairy sole lel, 
  insults were never meant to be smart , so you 're overthinking it, 
  this is the most used insult for hungarians . 
  it 's basically a way of calling you mongols , nomads , without a home , get it ? 
  well that 's kind of stretching it , but alright i 'll give you this one, 
  learn what racism means, 
  ahahahaha , this is some good shit . 
  so this is what a hungarian says once he 's done crying from hearing the country 's hymn of `` oh god , why have you forsaken us ? '', 
  and stopped thinking of suicidal thoughts for a minute ? 
  good thing most westerners do n't think like you, 
  yes, 
  it 's not the funds that got our anti-corruption directorate where it is . 
  maybe the external pressure from the eu , if there 's anything to thank the eu for . 
  oh , my bad then, 
  but is n't softronic owned by the same guy ? 
  it was n't a shit job , it was shit maintenance by the moldovan operator . 
  i remember they did n't even know how to stop a train 's lockdown when it got a wiff of a cigarette , even though it was needed only a push of a button . 
  the same company makes these hyperion trains , so they know what they 're doing . 
   which most people in the cities use as well . 
  who uses gas canisters in a city, 
  had . 
  you serious right now ? 
  well if it counts for anything , romania hosts every year the biggest convention for such stuff in eastern europe . 
  dreamscape i think it 's called , or something, 
  that 's because of mindless building with no plan, 
  seriously , the only people that long for unification are naive people stuck in history . 
  there 's no actual arguable reason for us to unite with moldova, 
  it ai n't gon na happen, 
  yeah, 
  the most known such event happens every year in iasi ( the capital of the north-eastern region of romania ) . 
  the remains of saint parascheva are brought in from greece and put in the courtyard of the city 's cathedral . 
  usually 100 thousand people from all over romania come flocking to the city . 
  here 's a short video from the procession where the remains are brought in : [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ofsa9jsa7e ) you can even see an ambulance in the background , which is an usual sight in those days cause of grannies fainting from exhaustion . 
  a contingent of gendarmes is needed every time to keep the peace , several ambulances always near , paramedic tents put around , volunteers with food and tea , and people sleeping in the waiting line . 
  it 's silly to watch , but if it makes people happy , whatever . 
  a lot of factors . 
  capable prosecutors being employed , decent wages , not a corrupt administration in the directorate , somewhat of a political support , and other stuff . 
  waiting for a compatriot to copy-paste the big response some romanian gave in such a thread . 
  this question has been asked many times before . 
  you mean iohannis ? 
  he has nothing to do with this anti-corruption fight, 
  well gee , really ? 
  if my memory is right , the pizzas were n't accepted . 
  would be considered a bribe of sorts, 
  good, 
  muslim immigrants . 
  of course i am , not you , the one defending terrorists . 
  no it 's not a damn overreaction , we are n't talking about fireworks here . 
  of course you would defend your little compatriot terrorists , would n't you ? 
  the ira if they ever put bombs they announced so nobody would be there . 
  this cunt would 've put the bomb in the middle of a crowd , killing people . 
  not the same thing at all . 
  tell me a nationality in the eu where extremists would do such crap . 
  hint : none, 
  always knew hungarians are crazy, 
  usa did n't do shit for us in any of the world wars , except bomb our refineries in the second one ( lost a lot of bombers too ) . 
  moldova is so poor and fucked up that it makes albania look like a great place in comparison . 
  i think he 's saying that greece does n't have the backing needed to make the debt sustainable . 
  like for example greece 's industry not being developed enough for what a big economy they had . 
  and the spineless president strikes again, 
  for some reason , those cops do n't make me feel very safe lol, 
  also here two moldovans that had qurans and grenades on them were caught when trying to illegally cross our border with the rep of moldova . 
  they wanted to go to france , supposedly . 
  nope . 
  our soldiers already died uselessly in iraq and afghanistan . 
  no more, 
  it 's nicer without them around , so who knows, 
  at least use a verb when you want to ask a question, 
  what ? 
  pls come, 
  he 's k, 
  the protests were reported on all major news outlets in the world . 
  i think that 's good enough, 
   is there any proof these are n't settled romanians instead of roma ? 
  i have n't read the whole thread are you blind ? 
  they 're clearly gypsies . 
  they are such an easy to identify ethnicity since they resemble indians . 
  they ai n't violent , so there 's nothing to worry about . 
  if you want to visit the city without thousands of people blocking the streets just do it during the day , the protests usually start at night when people come back from work . 
  they offer awesome internet and tv packages . 
  5/5 can be trusted, 
  that has nothing to do with historical minorities, 
  lol, 
  it is still the authorities fault since they are supposed to check what 's going on . 
  and it the club was n't doing what they were allowed to , then they should 've been sanctioned and closed . 
  but nothing happened . 
  what ? 
  nope, 
  the poles , even with all that infrastructure they built with eu funds , still die so much ? 
  well fuck , if we had actually bothered to build roads then we 'd be lower on the list . 
  shieeet , the whole country changed a lot in that time . 
  bucharest especially, 
  well i guess it 's near the periphery of bucharest . 
  but still , how many years ago ? 
  the cops do n't allow carts in cities anymore . 
  in cities ?
