  i agree with all that you said except on the economic factor . 
  the economy difference between romania and bulgaria keeps getting bigger by the year , in favor of romania . 
  like all the others before them . 
  it 'll take a miracle to get a government that takes highways seriously, 
  you swedes are such whiny cunts it 's hilarious , i thought the british liked to complain but you swedes put them to shame . 
  i think i saw like 10 different swedes by now whining just on this subreddit, 
  russian guide on how to make friends : step 1 : threaten them with their lives step 2 : ... 
  step 50 : attack them because they do n't want to be your friend, 
  0:43 is that ... lukashenko ? 
  kek, 
  not yet, 
  black sea, 
  gud indeks . 
  i rate 5/5 gud pointz, 
   iva\u00eflo ditchev , a bulgarian researcher from the university of sofia , responding to another survey by the un that ranked the country one of the world 's least happy , said : `` a significant factor is that happiness is not a state of being but a process . 
  we are not happy if we are not evolving . 
  it is like riding a bicycle : if the pedals do n't turn , you fall over . 
  you have to move forward , to overcome obstacles . 
  happy societies are those with a goal , a plan . 
  well-said . 
  kinda explains now why we 're happier than our neighbors, 
  bessarabia is the republic of moldova . 
  does it even have oil ? 
   i 'm american what a surprise . 
  also you 're bad at your own language , go back to school . 
  yes , and it 's to increase . 
  new gas deposits were found, 
  i had fun once , and it was awful, 
  his government was the most competent yet . 
  still was corrupt , but they did their job regarding the economy . 
  we have russians in romania , but they 're not ussr relics . 
  they 're called `` lipoveni '' , and they 're from the tzarist times . 
  they have absolutely no allegiance to today 's russia . 
  we feed on everyone 's sadness, 
  or maybe we just do n't want to kill ourselves as much as you hungarians do, 
  well , good to know, 
  such a big channel will divert a lot of water and silt needed for the danube delta . 
  it 'll be an ecological disaster . 
  this will fuck up the danube delta . 
  wo n't be built , wo n't get the approval of romania or the eu . 
  either all of you are depressed or maybe we 're just very optimistic about our future prospects . 
  weird, 
  keep telling that to yourself if it makes you feel better . 
  italy is just as corrupt , just that there is n't as obvious as here . 
  especially since you guys have a pretty much worthless anti-corruption agency that lets cities get ruled by the mafia . 
   public servants there do n't expect you to give them bribes on every interaction . 
  neither here , so what 's your point, 
  regarding corruption we are the same , do n't even try to deny it, 
  what, 
  or . . the finances minister was n't a complete a retard and knows enough economy to understand that high taxes slow down economic growth, 
  maybe in moldova, 
  i like this [ picture ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-dqqbqb0eyjq/vql1jq3n5qi/aaaaaaaabjo/bhxnxvoxuvg/w1434-h811-no/2015%2b-%2b1 ) more, 
  check his posts , yes, 
  awww maxi , no need to lie to us . 
  we all know the hungarian master-race would never make such silly mistakes, 
  i think this is the worst putinbot i 've seen yet . 
  even little kids trying to troll do it better, 
  in the interwar times romania was doing pretty well, 
  you 're literally idolizing her , what the fuck, 
  stop, 
  civil servants yeah . 
  police not as much as before, 
  he 'll still work on the tax code, 
   apparently they do n't know how to award a contract without bribe because for now they stopped awarding contracts yeah , bullshit , just last week there was a new highway segment that has been awarded to a construction company, 
  yes , of course not . 
  we eastern countries ca n't handle our problems , like you swedish did . 
  it 's now at around 52-55 % absorption, 
  looking at what diplomacy hungary is displaying , even a peasant sent as a diplomat there would do a good job . 
  who gives a fuck about what hungary thinks . 
  let them be butthurt . 
  it 's our holiday , not theirs . 
  also hungary = / = everyone, 
  yes , the eastern countries should 've sterilized their gypsies like sweden did, 
   one that pisses off basically everyone around us ?? 
  prolly constanta , that 's the only city there that has military presence, 
  we only have 50 or so of these anyways, 
  that map is a campfest for t , why the hell would you like that map, 
  also the side that does n't turn the country into a shithole, 
  meh , i would n't call it modern, 
  looks like romania and poland were in a pretty good relationship , considering how fancy the border crossings looked . 
  americans are fascist too now ? 
  damn, 
  america is already concentrating more on romania . 
  for `` exercises '' , the us army has just displaced 35 strykers and 6 f-16 's here ( also the portuguese will send some jets here too ) . 
  tanks like in the baltics will probably come as-well . 
  a couple of hundred extra marines have been sent to the american base here as-well . 
  all that on top of what was already here . 
  i hope there 's way more to come , so i can safely say that the [ americans have finally come :d ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vin_americanii ! ), 
  common sense, 
  yes , cause prospering and amazing bulgaria would do better without the eu . 
  lol, 
  oh spare me this shit . 
  the hungarian side is always the one starting shit , we 're only reacting to them . 
  if they 'd chill the fuck out for once then we 'd be chill . 
  but all we can see is them making accusations at us all the damn time , having a guy like orban leading them , and seeing them holding hands with russia . 
  no thanks , we do n't need hungary . 
  hungarians are too butthurt and nationalistic to have any kind of close relationship with them . 
  basescu was alright too for 1-2 years , then went crazy, 
  si ucraina care-i acum in razboi . 
  right on target,
