  it could easily go back to being used for political purposes . 
  but seeing how the prosecutors got really courageous over the years , i 'm saying that it wo n't happen . 
  if it makes you feel better , okay, 
  it 's not the french , it 's the immigrants, 
  too late , fifa turned political years ago . 
  yeah nice news piece with absolutely no proof and just bullshit talking . 
  sadly for you , my granda worked too her whole life in agriculture for the cap 's . 
  and she has at least a 50 euro pension . 
  so again , spare me the bullshit . 
  he 's full of shit . 
  there 's no such thing as a 1-2 euro pension in romania, 
  you 're forgetting the earthquake of 77 ' . 
  many of those buildings seen in the video got fucked, 
  why is bulgaria stagnating in such a way ? 
  1k euro per month in romania is more than enough to live well, 
  i 'll post this because i think it 's relevant . 
  total gdp and gdp/capita : http://europolitics.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/comparatii.jpg, 
  lol fuck off, 
  i 'm talking about schweighofer , not foreign investors . 
  nobody benefits from them being here . 
  already many small furniture and wood-processing businesses have went bankrupt because of those austrian fucks . 
  they buy all the wood , and leave nothing for them . 
  ha-ha you 're so fucking funny . 
  a lot of blocks are being [ rehabilitated ] ( http://www.b365.ro/media/image/201409/w620/blocuri_reabilitate_sectorul_4_observatorulurban_ro_84223800.jpg ), 
  it would still exist but not on this scale . 
  them getting the fuck out of here would certainly help the situation . 
  and dna will make sure to arrest some of those fat austrian fucks for sure . 
  schweighofer shill right here, 
  hooray ... 
  good for you, 
  rather not, 
  europe is even more fucked than the us in the fallout universe . 
  at least from what i 've read, 
  transnistria is about to collapse economically , they 're abandoning ship, 
  the fuck you on about, 
  well they certainly would n't applaud it, 
  they ai n't coming to romania tho, 
  good job italy !, 
  good idea with the threats , might actually work, 
  yeah , that 's my point . 
  saab has a really hard time selling their gripens , this kind of news is fucking them over bad . 
  well if it were n't for us giving them passports by the thousands , most of them would still be in moldova , or work in russia . 
  lol, 
  hungary is doing some amazing pr work for saab . 
  well , he is right, 
  yes , because any eastern european country can resist a direct russian invasion . 
  you 're smart . 
  problem , russki ? 
  all i need to know is that usa has military bases and assets here . 
  help will come . 
  well , let 's not get ahead of ourselves here, 
  a popular migrant route is through greece/macedonia/serbia / hungary . 
  all we get from time to time is through the black sea from turkey . 
  bulgaria and hungary have to deal with more than we do . 
  kiss their ass more why do n't you ? 
   the fact that you know this place exists and you can still hold a straight face when you attack me for pointing it out is exactly what 's wrong with romania . 
  you 're so full of shit , jeez, 
  what the fuck is this shit you keep blabbering on ? 
  really ? 
  you 're saying that 's worse than indian or african slums ? 
  literally ? 
  haha  we are filthy while talking about ferentari . 
  mate , go take a shower and clean your house if you 're filthy enough to compare yourself to a gypsy living in ferentari, 
  i have seen gypsies work and i have all the respect for them . 
  i only dislike ones that beg , steal and do their best to avoid honest work . 
  our local media does n't mention that in many obvious cases, 
  i bet the guy is a gypsy , that 's why they went for him . 
  italians dislike gypsies way more than migrants . 
  oh , here we go again, 
  question , did that happen during the ussr or after ? 
  i remember the ussr was against such shit, 
  i wonder what kind of guy would jobbik send to become president, 
  how is bosnia not falling apart yet ? 
   when i was about 6 some kind of high-end priest was going through the village , inspecting people 's souls ( i shit you not , he was supposed to be able to tell the state of your soul and the quantity of your sins by looking at you ) , and when he saw my aunt he said she needed a good beating and immediately proceeded to torture her for half and hour with some sort of metallic instrument in front of the whole family . 
  she squirmed on the floor and cringed in pain and howled the whole time . 
  what the fuck, 
  wait , what ? 
  you really from transnistria ? 
  should 've said the data is from 2011 . 
  it 's quite some time ago, 
  great waste of money , gj, 
  a lot of old people in our villages , yeah . 
  but you can see families and kids in most villages . 
  what you talking about ? 
  when i went through bulgaria i saw people very rarely in villages while driving , also a lot abandoned houses ( i think they 're abandoned , even if you 're poor you can afford to paint your house from time to time . 
  on the romanian side close to bulgaria , not even worth mentioning moldova where i 'm from , you see a lot of activity in villages . 
  the fuck , why are we so high ? 
  dunno about rural bulgaria , i went a couple of times in bulgaria and driving through villages ... they seemed kinda dead to me . 
  that has absolutely nothing to do with being slav, 
  not much reason , mongol, 
  he 's hungarian , that 's how they are, 
  well i do n't plan to `` move to other eu countries '' , just go as a tourist . 
  so , again , fuck off, 
  not a problem for us , but a problem with the system, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  the state ai n't paying for those candles, 
  those generals and politicians sure use a lot of cigarettes, 
  well kazakhstan has a lot of oil , so i 'd be surprised if they were doing bad, 
  russia is actually doing pathetically bad , considering how much human potential and natural resources it has . 
  it 's happening !,
