the plague must be kept in western europe, 
  well , gee , i wonder what gymnast we had that did a perfect 10 score, 
  oh yeah , that 's a hospital indeed . 
  but it does n't represent the current reality , that is 100 % a picture from the late 1990 's / early 2000 's , before we were in the eu . 
  romania was literally a 3 ` rd world country back then , people have no clue how much we improved since then, 
  did n't you say you left the sub ? 
  why you still posting ? 
  already changed your mind ? 
  that 's quick, 
  that you 're whining like a bitch, 
  since 2007 all universities i know of have renovated their dorms . 
  ofc , there 's still a lot of beds in rooms , but no way there 's any walls falling apart , rats or cockroaches . 
  also equipped kitchens , laundry-rooms , and nice , clean bathrooms . 
  tell me what hospital that is , from where . 
  come on , if you 're gon na post that kinda shit then i expect you to at least give info . 
  or let me guess , is that a random picture from 2001 you found on google ? 
  prolly some picture from the early 2000 's . 
  i 've seen this kind of shit a lot of time , romanians bitching while using old pictures that do n't show the reality, 
  what dorms have you been in ? 
  think he meant in the eu, 
  good wine , alright people , managed to reform their country quite well . 
  so you 're pretty much like us imo , so you guys are alright, 
  well , that sucks, 
  the details do n't matter , it is a state with a more powerful army than moldova , and that can successfully defend itself from it 's ex-country . 
  that 's all you need to be called an opposing state . 
  if transnistria wanted , i think it could invade the rest of moldova if nobody else intervened ( even russia ) . 
  i was n't thinking about the army . 
  border police maybe ? 
  i mean , fuck 's sake , they are letting armed police-men of transnistria just go past without caring a bit ? 
  very well actually , they 're the only country we trust enough that they 'll be a good ally in good or bad situations . 
  what the fuck are the moldovan authorities doing ? 
  sleeping ? 
  how the hell can they just let forces of an opposing state freely pass through the border and do whatever they want ? 
   genetic sewer hitler called , he said hi, 
  this is very serious . 
  if this shit will keep continuing , the european public will react , as is normal . 
  and thus nationalistic/far right parties will start getting popularity/be formed . 
  the migrants will eventually be kicked out , but at the same time a lot of other things will happen . 
  the migrants wo n't let themselves be kicked out easily , and the eu will be in danger to fall apart once such parties have power . 
  and a europe that 's not united anymore , with nationalists in power , is not something to be optimistic about . 
  and ? 
  germany seems to love it 's immigrants , so we are just helping them take them in . 
  i 'm sure you see enough shit on the streets there in india , no need to talk about other parts . 
  btw do you clean your keyboard of shit that remains from your wiping hand , or do you use just one hand ? 
  haha , so funny !, 
  xddd, 
  rather give it to us . 
  we 're buying f-16 's so we 'll already be used to western planes by then, 
  when you say shit like the media being corrupted by perverted old men , it would mean he would have some sort of influential position in the media to be able to corrupt it . 
  he does n't, 
   of course he has , why would he be in the spotlight ? 
  because he 's an ex-football star ? 
  what kind of a question is that, 
  considering how much rape is in sweden , naah, 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  this thing that happened is a one-time thing on that channel , that show is quite tame . 
  it 's just inviting stars and asking them questions about all kinds of shit , and they have to eliminate blondes by calling out which of them answered wrong . 
  it just happened that this old guy that is living off his past glory as a goalkeeper during our national football team 's golden days , found a fan in this show , and he managed to get her to show him her tits . 
  yes , he 's a perv , he always was , and he probably even banged her after the show . 
  but this does n't mean , our media is `` corrupt and monopolized by those perverted old men '' , like what the fuck you talking about ? 
  he has nothing to do with the media . 
  if i remember right adevarul shat on the rapists all the time in their articles , that ai n't something bad if you ask me, 
  why the hell are you talking about the media as a whole ? 
  that certain thing you talked about revealing her was all maruta 's show fault . 
  and his show does retarded shit all the damn time . 
  only after that there was no point in hiding her identity anymore , so all the other media outlets used her identity . 
   but for this case it involves gross perverted old men , which obviously shows that the media in romania is highly corrupt and monopolized by those perverted old men . 
  what ? 
  i really like when swedes try to talk like they have any clue about other countries . 
  they always say retarded shit, 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i guess union is a solution , but that would be detrimental to romania . 
  so no thnx . 
  i personally think moldova is a failed state and it will never be able to reform . 
  it 's fully controlled by oligarchs and shady individuals . 
  so no , if they 'll ever want to do such a heist again , they will . 
  prolly will try to be more subtle about it , but they 'll escape scot-free again . 
  hah , they 're long gone, 
  and the average moldovan guy will still think russia is better , even though all they do is give them sanctions, 
  we ca n't let any random immigrant pass freely through our country . 
  we invested so much in our border security ( which seems to matter jack-shit for schengen ) for this purpose . 
  [ liberation ] ( http://img.4plebs.org/boards/tv/image/1399/51/1399514790706.jpg ), 
  you think the industry in donbass is actually in a usable state now ? 
  lol no, 
  also since it 's our secret services that found out about her connection with isis . 
  yeah , makes sense . 
  good ? 
  there 's nothing much to talk about this news, 
  uh , no ? 
  do you even know what schengen is ? 
  what do gypsies have to do with schengen genius ? 
  haha , good . 
  we wo n't need to get in anymore, 
  they 're bulgarian.and that was the first version of their fences , this is how they look like [ now ] ( http://dingo.care2.com/pictures/c2c/share/38/383/396/3839661_370.jpg ), 
  fucking lol , they wasted so much fuel to crush those 3 frozen chicken, 
  itt : romanians whining about the oh-so-poor doctors, 
  well , eastern europeans generally looking better than brits . 
  so , yeah , no surprise . 
  it 's the kids that are rating themselves happy , not adults . 
  also what the fuck does being beautiful have to do with a kid being happy ?
