  current macedonia keeps trying to make themselves look like that macedonia was their ancestor . 
  but it is n't, 
  well it 's a eu project :(, 
  turks even have their own festivals in constanta . 
  just like the tatars , or the greeks . 
  it 's all cool, 
  wow , you could n't be more clueless about that place, 
  there is a difference between produced and assembled . 
  romania still has the main plant for this part of the world . 
  i think brazil is the only other main plant which covers south america/north america, 
  was n't planning to, 
   probably, 
  we 're just as corrupt as italy . 
  bet your ass you would n't say anything like that about them . 
  so fuck off kraut, 
  i 'm sure most of what you mentioned is scrap by now, 
  but , they are ? 
  haha no, 
  boo-hoo those poor souls, 
  there are plenty of cases with `` camps '' made up of houses built for them , that ended up absolute infection risks a couple of months later . 
  what 's better ? 
  is this the example westerners give us on proper integration ? 
  tsk , tsk, 
  do n't think there 's any rural household without a dozen chicken and some geese/ducks, 
  more like retarded mayor logic . 
  the timisoara municipality decided to build that amazing bike-track without thinking that the legislation and the border police wo n't allow anyone to pass through . 
  well , healthier than fast-food at least, 
  well it 's also that most of them are subsistence farmers , so what they eat is usually healthy and home-cooked, 
  poorest country in europe , you can guess, 
  yeah , cause poland is the only nato country near russia, 
   romtelecom bet they 're really happy with that investment , lol, 
  . . that 's what he said ? 
  it seems like the only insult you know is calling people mentally unhealthy . 
  i am also not angry , just do not have any bit of respect towards a pussy like you , to talk to you in a normal way . 
  russiffied turks, 
  so you 're some pussy that made another account to anonymously start talking your bullshit all over the place . 
  or you 're some troll . 
  both cases are sad . 
  how the hell am i a nationalist you stupid cunt ? 
  you see what that retard i replied to has posted ? 
  so original , it 's not like this is the 10000 ` th time i 've seen this shit, 
  so now we 're confirmed the masters of growth !, 
  muhahaha !, 
  not really , us here in romania have a good experience with migrants outside of europe . 
  during ceausescu 's era a lot of students from the middle east/africa came here . 
  a big part of them stayed or came back after communism and did some great things . 
  for example , the guy who made our smurd , a very modern and efficient emergency service , is syrian . 
  yeah , and we 'd all like to live in castles in the sky, 
  he said russia-weary , not russian dick-sucking, 
  yes , but in those other parts of europe you do n't get such internet for 15 euros, 
  it 's cheap for us too , so that does n't matter . 
  by that logic it would be cheap only for foreigners from richer countries . 
  implying gypsies work, 
   i get the feeling that russia-weary eastern europeans have more faith that the us will have their back than any of the more established european nations . 
  you 're right, 
  to have exercises with allied countries ? 
  patton had the right idea, 
  peles certainly is n't medieval, 
  swede detected, 
  not true ? 
   thank you romania for slowly becoming the shining jewel of eastern europe . 
  am i reading this right ? 
  hold on , lem me get my glasses . 
  yeah , it 's the same . 
  nice, 
  during the commie era computer sciences and mathematics got a lot of funding to make specialists, 
  holy fuck 4.2 % ?? 
  it 's happening !, 
  our growth is coming back to pre-crisis levels, 
  usa will make a cyberspace security center here . 
  if i heard correctly, 
  most turks left in commie times when they were forced out, 
   thank you romania for the interesting diversity of roma people wow, 
  then tell me what reason you have for him doing that . 
  i know you lot on reddit like to kiss iohannis 's ass , even though he 's a shit president . 
  but at least bring your own arguments and do n't do this bullshit with `` source ? '', 
  why else would the german work in the austrian company 's interest, 
  lol, 
  barely having a wildlife anymore protects from rabies, 
   they only care when there is political interest ie now to fight the president and the president is under the austrian company 's payroll . 
  so shut the fuck up with your whining of psd, 
  well you know the saying `` a good defence is a good offence '', 
  mao and stalin killed way more of their citizens than hitler did, 
    2.8 % was for 2013 , for 2012 it was 1.45 % , for 2011 it was 0.93 % . 
  the net income from eu almost doubled for a number of years in a row , why do you claim is irrelevant to the growth of the gdp ? 
   also the number goes directly into gdp , gdp includes all the consumption and production in a year , those eu funds are used exactly for that , if you take those 2.8 % out , the gdp is suddenly at least 2.8 % smaller . 
  yes , eu investments count a bit . 
  but this economic growth is propped up by internal consumption and industrial output . 
  not infrastructure construction sector , or anything else , which would come mostly from eu funds . 
  those money are long gone . 
  not like the moldovan authorities give enough of a fuck to try and get them back, 
  i 'm surprised about this stuff you 're telling me about the buses . 
  in romania , in places where the railway is way too shitty or unused by the railway company anymore , the transport companies are rolling in profits . 
  they at least provide a decent ride . 
  well i went 2 years ago with interregio trains across country and the trip was quite enjoyable really . 
  all of them had modern , well-maintained carts . 
  if only it had wi-fi then it would 've been perfect, 
  then you 've been living under a rock . 
  there 's been plenty accidents, 
  and everyone else that bothered to reply to your thread,
