  you 're not making sense . 
  why would they be delusional, 
  it 's pretty sad how we are the last country in investing in our research , but we are decently high here . 
  that means our researchers are doing a great job with the shit funds they 're given . 
  sucks for them , they could do so much more . 
  i like how westerners give so much of a shit about our wildlife when theirs is pretty much gone, 
  til that it 's written futu-ti and not fututi, 
  i do n't see the point of posting this, 
  a lot of romanians seem to complain also about stuff like `` car was stolen from the private parking of the hotel , the manager does n't care , there are no cameras , and the cops laugh in your face '' . 
  i think such news scared a lot of people from coming . 
  weird thing such stuff started intensifying these recent years , did n't happen that much before . 
  and that has been reported a lot of times , that 'd be outrageous here . 
  i heard the number of romanian tourists into bulgaria fell by 50 % last year . 
  guess it 's more convenient to go back to our own beaches now . 
  not bad, 
  it says in the news report, 
  we do n't do much business with russia since the revolution . 
  and it worked out pretty well, 
  just wanted to post it cause it 's a huge growth . 
  feel free to not comment, 
  all of them were countered by our secret service btw . 
  so it 's k, 
  this joke is so retarded , seriously stop this shit, 
  gypsies are n't even doing subsistence farming . 
  they 're just ... surviving . 
  expected worse tbh . 
  though moldova , except iasi as usual , is n't doing too great, 
  african poverty means living in a small-ass cottage with i do n't know how many kids , barely have enough food or at all to survive , and have to be careful of i do n't know how many deadly diseases . 
  no such thing here, 
   in any way you look at it ( financially/socially/culturally ) , romania is a third world country and most of it 's people live accordingly . 
  and i suddenly do n't give a fuck about your whole argument , congrats . 
  now fuck off, 
   which is n't that far from african poverty let 's not exaggerate here . 
  these people may live in rural areas but they are n't starving and have a roof over their heads . 
  this has a lot more to offer than a small zoo, 
  this does n't look bad at all . 
  will keep it in mind when i 'll pass through brasov . 
  tell him thanks for the donation, 
  tax evasion was commonplace before the tax agency went badass and fined/closed a shitload of businesses . 
  now everyone gives out receipts . 
  fbi ? 
  more like cia, 
  trying to seem smart does n't mean you are , ever heard of the ribbentrop-molotov act ? 
  so no , there was no greater romania when we declared war on the russians . 
  `` in the aftermath of the russo-turkish war , 1806-1812 , and the ensuing peace of bucharest , the eastern parts of the principality of moldavia , an ottoman vassal , along with some areas formerly under direct ottoman rule , were ceded to imperial russia . 
  the acquisition was among the empire 's last territorial increments to take place in europe ( the last being congress poland , integrated into the empire between 1815 and 1867 ) . 
  the newly acquired territories were organised as the governorate of bessarabia , adopting a name previously used for the southern plains , between the dniester and the danube rivers . 
  following the crimean war , in 1856 , the southern areas of bessarabia were returned to moldavian rule ; russian rule was restored over the whole of the region in 1878 , when romania , the result of moldavia 's union with wallachia , was pressured into exchanging those territories for the dobruja . 
  in 1917 , in the wake of the russian revolution , the area constituted itself as the moldavian democratic republic , an autonomous republic part of a proposed federative russian state . 
  bolshevik agitation in late 1917 and early 1918 resulted in the intervention of the romanian army , ostensibly to pacify the region . 
  soon after , the parliamentary assembly declared independence , and then union with the kingdom of romania . 
  [ 1 ] the legality of these acts was however disputed , most prominently by the soviet union , which regarded the area as a territory occupied by romania . 
  in 1940 , after securing the assent of nazi germany through the molotov-ribbentrop pact , the soviet union pressured romania into withdrawing from bessarabia , allowing the red army to occupy the region . 
  the area was formally integrated into the soviet union : the core joined parts of the moldavian assr to form the moldavian ssr , while territories inhabited by slavic majorities in the north and the south of bessarabia were transferred to the ukrainian ssr . 
  axis-aligned romania briefly recaptured the region in 1941 , during the nazi invasion of the soviet union , but lost it in 1944 , as the tide of war changed . 
  in 1947 , the soviet-romanian border along the prut was internationally recognised by the paris treaty that ended world war ii . '', 
   that was the way of the world . 
  territorial ambitions were not foreign to romania and the rest of the balkans either . 
  it makes no sense to blame russia for being the best at it . 
  it does make sense to blame a country for aiding nazism , or furthering stalinism for that matter , under the excuse of national determination . 
  an excuse that is completely null and void when romania costarted a war motivated by imperial conquest and ` lebensraum ' . 
  and it also makes no sense to fucking blame us on going with the nazis then , you hypocritical fuck . 
  russia took bassarabia from us , forcefully , so we joined the war against them to take it back . 
  simple , now stop bullshitting . 
  that 's retarded . 
  a federal state ? 
  check this [ shit ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/romania_export_treemap.png ) out, 
  i 'm sure you know a lot about how our economy is structured, 
   which is caused by the competition of service providers with illegal and unregulated internet networks ... nope, 
  haha you swedes are so butthurt , literally every one of you . 
  delicious . 
  sure , but he did n't dine next to rotting corpses and drink their blood, 
  that drawing is from the saxons , if i remember right , which were enemies of vlad . 
  propaganda was n't invented in modern times , you know . 
  what hospital have you been in that looks like that ? 
  i have n't , and never went to a private one . 
  yeah , nobody 's going to waste their time and translate a whole song, 
  hah , go fuck yourself . 
  like anyone gives a shit about your opinion . 
  have fun with the gypsies , you 're going to keep them . 
  in bucharest they wanted to do that , but the court gave the park in question back to the municipality . 
  is the stuff you said in cluj happening because of the retarded restitution law ? 
  that because 100 years ago they owned the place , now they get it back . 
  or is it the mayor doing shady stuff ? 
  the current government hired young economists into this new tax agency , and they are paid quite a lot . 
  that 's why they 're so efficient . 
  basescu has jack-shit to do with it . 
   we have a total of about 400km of highways 700, 
   parks not being destroyed to build parking lots or churches and in what city , in what situation did you see this happening ? 
  lol, 
  haha !, 
  another swede whining about gypsies . 
  15 ` th to the list . 
  keep em coming boys !, 
  well the rural regions in bulgaria are pretty much dead from my experience , in romania they 're somewhat alive still . 
  what beer ? 
  where is it bought ? 
  5/5 map, 
  why the fuck are you retards down-voting him ? 
  you calling our revolution a sham ?
