not a skilled job though , depending on the industry ... 
  nothing to do with foreigners i 'm sure its the same everywhere . 
  so certain speculators thought that the torys would n't go through with it . 
  once may confirmed for sure they would last week it dropped like a stone . 
  now there are mumerings of a hard brexit . 
  some speculators do n't belive that there will be a hard brexit , if there is then it will drop again . 
  add on to this that there is also room for negative economic kpis to be realsied between now and once hard brexit is confirmed it may drop again and then finally room for more negative kpis after hard brexit it could drop more . 
  its entirely possible that in 3 years time it will be < $ 0.85, 
  well what other excuse have you got for thinking fascism and democracy can not go hand in hand ? 
   ethnically british . 
  at what point does one become ethnically british ? 
  was it 10000 years ago when the celts came to britain ? 
  was it 1400 years ago when the anglo saxons came ? 
  1000 when the normans did ? 
  400 years ago when people were enslaved by the british , forced to speak english and forced to travel all the way around the world then their childrens children were lied to by a british education system to think britain is a wonderful place to live in and then moved there ? 
  please , `` ethnical british '' is way past its sell by date now pal and will be well and truly finished by the turn of the next century . 
   it is a meaningless insult when you throw it around willy-nilly just because you do n't agree please see my previous comment . 
  may is trying to enforce fascist policies . 
  fascism is n't literally hitler and killing jews , its the sort of policies may is bringing in . 
   last time i checked , britain is still a democracy ok thats great . 
  proves you are a 12 year old boy ( or the mentality ) . 
  last time i checked , the hitler and his party was voted in by a democracy . 
  what an ignorant child you are . 
   ` national security ' literally , the first thing she has done is renew trident and now she is allowing british soldiers to freely rape and assault innocent people . 
  fascism is pretty much the fashion in britain pal . 
  i 'm sorry its not . 
  `` nazi '' is not a meaningless insult . 
  its an actual adjective . 
  short for national socialist it is an extreme form of fascism . 
  as you can see [ here ] ( http://www.rense.com/general37/char.htm ) mrs may has displayed at least half of the `` 14 defining characteristics of facism '' since taking office , some in the first few days , most in the last week . 
  it 's not a meaningless slur and it does carry weight for once . 
  it was also not my only argument . 
  it was 2 words added to the add of a factual and observant paragraph . 
  er what ? 
  the top comments on here are from brits . 
  do n't let the eu flags fool you . 
  they are brits . 
  the top comments on most threads relating to brexit on here are from brits with eu flags . 
  its not anglophobic . 
  its realism . 
  its naziphobic . 
   british people are already a minority in london . 
  no they are not . 
  where are you pulling this shit from ? 
  or are you only counting white people as british . 
  actually that is exactly what you are doing are n't you ? 
  / u/whitepalms85 is wrong . 
  you do n't need to be white to revel is mrs may 's new britain . 
  you just need to be british . 
  we are witnessing 21st century fascism . 
  mrs may has said in many more words that she is putting `` britishness '' ahead of economics . 
  i 'm not sure you are quite understanding my point . 
  the fact that you need to link me that basic information about the british navy shows a little bit of ignorance to the point i am trying to make . 
  no shit britain has a big navy , i live in britain , i 'm not retarded . 
  but the indian ocean is also a big fucking place filled with pirates . 
  now currently , eu vessels are protected under operation atalanta . 
  28 countries protecting 28 countries all at once . 
  now i do n't care how big your naval operations are , you are certainly losing economies of scale if you try and go it alone as 1 country , not in a union or trading bloc with the other 27 . 
  basically , almost every opportunity or positive a `` brexiter '' is throwing out there is ill-thought out and the better alternative was to remain part of a union of 28 - which is why the vast majority of politicians , scientists , economist , businessmen , bankers , academics , world leaders and just about anyone living in the real world that did n't just use the referendum as a protest vote backed remain . 
  what are you on about ? 
  choose your next words carefully , / r/shitamericanssay is listening ... 
  not sure what tangent you are on now but certainly has nothing to do with the fact that the uk will no longer be able to benefit from an inclusion in operation atalanta should they pursue a hard brexit . 
  not really sure what you are on about ? 
  in this thread ( and most threads in / r/europe ) its an english lad acting like a bit of a cunt . 
  there is but it currently does n't exists to facilitate trade between asia and the uk , no . 
  what is your point ? 
  anti-english ? 
  funny that i mainly see anti-european/irish/german comments here from english people . 
  its called a sense of humour , something the english seem to lack when compared to scotland and ireland . 
  i 'd be up for it on the condition that we get to have our referendum votes as well and add those votes onto the total - then when remain wins you can have your independence with the sheep shaggers / r/celticunion /, 
  read the full sentence ... 
  i 'm not sure you read my comment correctly, 
  you cant undercut minimum wage . 
  how many parents do you know that will willingly send there teenage children to the british country side for shit work and shit money . 
  maybe my geography ai n't want it use to be but do t you guys have the advantage of being right next to east asia ? 
  i mean whiskey !, 
  great !, 
  but i dont see the appeal of sending garden peas half way around the world just because there ai n't no tariffs when they eventually get there . 
  edit : also sea routes to the asian markets are pretty shitty due to somalian pirates . 
  the eu have a naval force to combat that . 
  the uk does n't ... 
  that 's what i believe but try explaining that to a brexiteer . 
  a party who 's sole intention was to remove uk from the eu . 
  his political views are a little broader than that but i think its fair to say he supported `` uk independence '' yes . 
  as did 52 % . 
  [ check out the google image results . 
  much nostalgia . ], 
  ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=irish+referendum+lisbon+posters&amp;espv=2&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjr1apn7atoahvskmakhs5mciuq_auicsgc&amp;biw=1164&amp;bih=662 ), 
  well since any irishman can join the british army , since we share an open border with a nato member , since there have been secret government militia pacts in place in the past , since we allowed us fighter jets to re fuel , since we passed the lisbon treaty i would say no , no we are not neutral . 
   but i 'd wager most do n't even realise that we 're technically not . 
  then you would win that wager . 
  only reason we 're neutral was for historical reasons to not join an alliance with britain . 
  i think most are past that now almost . 
  in reference to british rule turning into eu rule and a play on the republican song `` a nation once again '' . 
  [ here 's the closest source i could find to that populist sentiment . 
  ] ( http://s3-media1.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/iiy62zbnflq5fq06ee0uuw/o.jpg ), 
  reality and hangover for the morning , whiskey and sasanach resentment for the evening . 
  my 1st experience with populism . 
  shit got real anti eu just outta no where . 
  i remember the posters saying shit like `` a provence once again '' .
