  that was all some people needed to vote against lisbon and spend the rest of their ignorant lives vigorously opposed to the eu . 
  dibs on sucking the life and soul out of london for the next decade as well !, 
  yes . 
  all a bunch of posh private school tossers disconnected from the modern world . 
  because they want easier access to intercept crime . 
  sort of like `` big brother '' . 
  they can make e2e illegal for companies to develop and use but they ca n't stop an open source e2e add on program being created and downloaded so that the people they want to catch remain invisible anyway . 
  the are really just highlighting their ignorance to the digital world . 
  i 've heard . 
  never read some them though . 
  the netherlands one is ridiculous since he has admitted to taking cocaine . 
  let 's just pretend that drug use is not prevalent in every uk social class and a tens of billion pound a year market . 
  well considering the uk has said they will open backdoors in the last 2 weeks it is sort of relevant but i guess that was n't obvious . 
  the funny thing is he claims he lives in germany but there is no way with such a vile attitude that he has any real friends . 
  what a sad existence . 
  at least the northern englanders can curse foreigners and thathcer in each others company . 
  boris johnson is ironically a bit bitter he won a referendum . 
  surely this is a case in point as to why the british government should not be allowed to make every decision on their country in an ever more complex modern world . 
  [ it 's worth noting that in an opinion poll in 2015 ] ( http://www.europeanmovement.ie/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/150520-em-red-c-infographic-2015-hr.pdf ) , 69 % of irish people were in favour of ttip . 
  that leads me to one of two conclusion , both may be correct . 
  irish people do n't understand the ttip . 
  irish people will always say they want a referendum on any eu policy decision . 
  i mean i would have said turkey until last week but that does n't look like its going to last too much longer . 
  i 'd happily say most european muslims but it only takes .01 % and you 've got 5,000 jihadist . 
   i 'm not sure if i 'd call irish culture sick , twisted or dark . 
  it comes across as very attractive to me . 
  i 'm referring mainly to the religion and hatred towards british protestants . 
  ireland was very proud of catholicism . 
  ireland did not tolerate protestants . 
  they were doing the devils work . 
  the irish branch of the catholic church has hidden stories about the murdering and secret burial of bastardised children and pedophillia and were the biggest contributor in the spreading of aids in africa by discouraging the use of contraception . 
  when these stories started to emerge the irish people started to realise that maybe it was n't right that the catholic church was running state education and beating and whipping children as punishment . 
  prior to this it was always seen as god 's will . 
  there was definitely a stage in irish history where if immigrants came with differing and/or liberal values they would definitely have not been welcome . 
   however , they are dead wrong if they think poland needs any bailouts . 
  as you say , it 's a very strongly regulated economy and its banking sector is one of the safest in europe , low private & corporate debt etc. 
  yes this is exactly what i mean . 
  that 's what makes me sick . 
  the ignorance . 
  they think poor = means chance of a bailout . 
  they also do n't understand that poland looks on course to be a top eu economy within 20-30 years . 
  they ca n't fathom that it may actually develop , just like the uk developed from its sick man status in the 70 's . 
   i 'm not old enough to know how it was 20-30 years ago , but today , the country is more open-minded and more internationalist than the uk . 
  ireland was lucky . 
  the downfall of religion in the early 90 's and the move towards peacetime in the north in the late 90 's came just before the influx of immigrants that started in the early 21st century . 
  the open mindedness came from questioning its own culture , from realising its own culture was a bit sick , a bit twisted , a bit dark and immigration only started when ireland had just grown up . 
  the irish also were able to see the national front in action in the uk long before they were subject to immigration . 
  they 'd see the uk football hooliganism on the news . 
  they even witnessed totally unprovoked destruction from english football fans in 1995 in their home city . 
  to me , irish unilateral liberalism has been the peaceful opportunity to `` one up '' the british on the global stage . 
  same thing . 
   the uk government disagrees . 
  [ the high court disagree ] ( https://next.ft.com/content/d37cf850-4da9-11e6-8172-e39ecd3b86fc ) iraq war was voted in parliament despite people not being too sure about it . 
  the same thing here if brexit is voted and rejected . 
  they do n't really have a choice . 
  the good friday agreement may have been overlooked through this whole debate but by the daft english but it is still more important than brexit . 
  the unionist are going to pissed that they will have to show their passports to enter the mainland but they did vote for this . 
  putting a border up is just effectively asking dissident republicans to take arms again . 
  the two islands will have their own border controls . 
  the thing is ni does n't have an immigration * problem * . 
  is largely an economic shithole that no migrant wants to live in . 
  * oh wow a1 for geography blackadder . 
  * thankfully those shitholes are nowhere near the northwest . 
  please do n't reply to me , i think you are a racist troll and i dislike you wholeheartedly . 
   if you compare the uk against its natural peer competitors , northern economies like the benelux , germany or the nordic countries , the uk is doing worse on just about every indicator . 
  i 've never seen the uk compared to these countries before by the uk media . 
  imf downgraded the uks growth forecast recently and the leave voters said `` still higher growth forecast than the eu . 
  another stupid thing that leave voters say is , of the countries that entered in 2004 , `` how many more countries will we have to bail out ? '' . 
  they see the poles as weak and think they all wish to live in the uk . 
  completely ignorant to the fact that poland is a strictly regulated economy that has never even contracted in 25 years . 
  its enough to make you sick . 
  i mean ireland and the uk are so culturally similar but this spreading of misinformation is really quite sick . 
  i think the brits have taught us to have an open mind and to question things a bit more . 
  true but it was the poorer regions generally favoured leaver . 
  you would need to get ireland 's permission on that , possibly via a referendum . 
  since they rejected the lt without the concession of neutrality , they are 67 % against an eu army and almost every sf voter is likely to vote against conceding neutrality i would imagine this is another eu pipe dream . 
  brexit negotiations will most likely include a free travel agreement and `` borderless zone '' in the north of ireland and neither the republican 's nor the unionists would be very happy with continental soldiers walking around the '' `` border '' with guns . 
  the erdf specifically targets funding areas over long periods of time that are unlikely to yield short term results . 
  there is no point in funding yorkshire for 5 years , taking the money away for 5 years and funding them again for 5 years . 
  its a stop start policy that would do them more harm than good . 
  the ebcg ? 
  that 's schengen area only . 
  ireland does n't and is very unlikely to ever use its own militia in cooperation with another country . 
  thanks . 
  not that it matters to me . 
  i live in salford . 
  these chavs voted out . 
  40 % of that is going on our independence day bank holiday !, 
  eh did n't you hear him . 
  we can kick them out while they are half way through a funding project and have labour start funding other projects we want funded until the tories kick them out half way through their plans in an endless cycle of nothing getting actually achieved . 
  in all seriousness though you have areas like wales and the mezzogiorno . 
  poor regions that will never have enough impact on voting to entice funds their way . 
  the welsh are idiots . 
  it was n't just london . 
  altogether there were nearly 30 uk cities with remain majorities . 
   after making some tourism around the nw of england , i 'm sorry i think you find that liverpool and manchester voted to remain thank you very much . 
  yes i know . 
  i a meant very strong in the fact that they have negative net migration which is an economic detractor rather the contrary . 
  basically , the eu economies are not doing as badly as the english tabloids would have them believe . 
  i understand completely about the euro and schengen being adopted .
