tl ; dr - yes , but only if it was being held soon , rather than in 2017 or later . 
  were it held tomorrow , perhaps . 
  ukip are about to be part of the establishment , though . 
  they 'll probably win next month , and get a place in the debates off that . 
  plus , they 'll almost certainly get seats next year , and that 'll establish them as a mainstream party . 
  the difference will be here that the eu debate has underwritten a lot of parliamentary time in the last four years whereas voting reform and devolution , if we go back to 98 , have n't . 
  i 'd be surprised if the debate on europe is n't the crucial question next year , maybe even the next parliament . 
  i do , though . 
  i trust them a lot more than the political parties and lobbyists who curtail enhanced democracy at every turn . 
  if there was to be a referendum , we might actually get a convincing anti-anti-eu argument in the press and in government , rather than us being relied on to search out the truth for ourselves . 
  that said , if you look at the av referendum in 2011 , i 'm being too idealistic about how mature the press and public would be . 
  personally , i 'd like to err on the side of believing things would be different , since av was basically treated as a referendum on ` what do you think about nick clegg ' , since it was largely him that was closest associated with it . 
  that was my point ... 
  yep , probably , yet somehow immigration is one of the less popular aspects of eu policy . 
  in terms of capital , though , the uk , and france and germany , pay more in than they get out . 
  yes , and you 're using their tactics to justify not allowing the people their say . 
  if we should remain in the eu or not , it would be on those newspapers , and our political parties , and us ourselves , to argue the case either way . 
  most of the people who read any newspaper have the right to vote and have their opinions shaped by those papers . 
  if they can vote , they have as much right as you to have a say on the eu , or whatever else the government wanted to have the public decide . 
  cameron is probably just a scapegoat for an unpopular coalition government . 
  if he throws his weight behind something , people just see him . 
  he 's kept quite a low profile , though , recently . 
  the pro-eu camp is pretty miserable in britain right now . 
  labour are , but they 're scared of losing votes so they 're sitting on the fence about it . 
  the lib dems are , but clegg blew his chance to make the case for the eu by using his debate platform to attack nigel farage . 
  then there 's the tories , and they 've been split on europe even since thatcher was pm . 
  you make it sound like it is easy to get rid of a pm . 
  cameron 's stance on europe is essentially my own - we should be in but it needs reform . 
  i just wish someone different was saying it . 
  if labour win in 2015 , the referendum pledge is dead , miliband wo n't say he supports the eu staying as it is , and he 's the only other person that will be left as prime minister in that event , unless there 's a clause in the lib dem agreement on coalition that says cameron has to resign for them to go into power with the tories . 
  unlikely . 
  the problem is that his words drip insincerity . 
  he leads a party and country hugely divided on the issue and in the forefront of his mind is his need to appeal to everyone he can with two elections in two years . 
  the country is very partisan on this issue though , and we want people who actually represent differing views . 
  i 'm assuming you 're from the us ? 
  neither side 's rhetoric convinces me . 
  we would n't suddenly become a wasteland the day after voting to leave , nor is brussels automatically a gravy train for the commission etc interfering in all our lives and trying to become a us of europe . 
  and who says it would be based on xenophobia ? 
  people are entitled to their opinions on the eu and the negative aspects to britain . 
  plenty of people want to prevent unchecked immigration to here and it 's hardly an extremist view to be opposed to something that costs the country as a whole money in simple put in take out terms . 
  i want britain to stay in the eu myself , but it needs to be less bloated , and whoever thought a currency union before financial and banking union was a good idea was a complete imbecile . 
  why not ? 
  he 's just one voice amongst many speaking about the eu even here in britain . 
  the pm has to compete with farage and miliband , even clegg and maybe even salmond for the air time to put across his views on the eu , and that 's just on occasions when merkel is n't giving a speech to parliament or barroso is n't saying it would harm britain to leave and that scotland would n't automatically join it as a full member . 
  even if we do n't all want to outright leave the eu , we want and deserve someone who can adequately renegotiate our position within it , seeing as it is n't profitable for us in basic terms of putting in and taking out . 
  cameron is n't that . 
  he comes across as smug and he walked into every job he 's ever had , right up to party leader . 
  he was n't strong enough on his own to force gordon brown from office , so he 's hardly the most powerful figure in this whole equation . 
  evidently he thinks that the electorate will return a result he does n't like . 
  turnout is usually around what , thirty percent at the euro elections ? 
  if it increases this time , i imagine most of it will be down to ukip getting the disaffected with all politics voters out of the door and into the polling booths . 
  will they take a bet on the lib dems getting wiped out ? 
  which way would you call the election going here ? 
  i really could n't say how it 'll go . 
  the polls have understated ukip support recently , and farage certainly did better than clegg in the debates , and that was only three weeks ago . 
  oversimplifying by about a thousand percent , obviously . 
  right , so a chief rabbi and general hysteria are saying it is real , but a jewish group linked to the donetsk authorities says it 's fake along with plenty of others in either camp . 
  think i 'll wait and see before snap judgments . 
  you 're wrong , because putin knows , as do we all , that east and southern ukraine were the places he could count on substantial support from ethnic russians . 
  in the west , they are n't a majority like in crimea or even a simple plurality like in the east of ukraine . 
  the regional assemblies in the east and south have essentially declared for putin , the new interim government in the west is closely allied with the eu and if there 's a sense that is threatened , that will be the point at which nato forces fortify kiev and the west along with their own borders . 
  you seem to have the ideas of who is backing whom here backwards . 
  seven million afghans voted , what , last week for their president and government and rejected the taliban and their backwards fundamentalism . 
  * some * ukrainians hate the russians , and plenty support them just as much . 
  i probably have met some us service personnel , in the same way i know a couple of british royal marines , and a german former naval officer , my godfather was a navigator on a british warship in the 80s , and i know someone who was in the polish army for years before moving to the uk . 
  my point is that russia 's strength , while not enough to knock out the us alone , is more than a match for many countries in nato . 
  oh , and both russia , the us and uk keep one sub at sea armed with nuclear weapons at all times , in addition to nuclear-powered anti-ship and anti-sub boats , so let 's not pretend that having one of those off your coast or within range of your capital is n't a weapon of war , regardless of whether it uses nuclear weapons or not , so it 's hardly ` bullshit . ', 
  you say  to push them out as if it 'd be a piece of piss to do so , that putin would take his lumps and withdraw to moscow again , he 'd probably resign and everything would be back to normal in a couple of years , with obama and the other nato leaders able to take the moral high ground , justify keeping nato funded , expanding the alliance and whoever knows what else . 
  to address your final point , they wo n't care if a few bullets get fired their way because * that 's already happening * right now . 
  if and when this spills over into a wider conflict against a strong enemy , just look at public support for our recent ventures across the world . 
  iraq was never popular and it only got worse once the insurgency started dealing serious damage to manpower and machinery on the ground . 
  how long do you really think it would be for the public to turn against a war with russia watching repatriation after repatriation of bodies of military personnel , and russian troops getting some well-publicised successes , before they start thinking that maybe they should sue for peace ? 
  russia has already invaded the east . 
  the west of the country will be the line in the sand because that part of the country is the one close to the eu . 
  history shows appeasement never works . 
  so what if nato has ten times the strength of russia ? 
  it has ten thousand times the strength of the taliban and thirteen years on they 're still powerful . 
  russia has a very strong conventional military backed up by veteran special forces , nuclear weapons and subs , jets , tanks and all within a few days ' march of warsaw and potentially hours from kiev when they 're done securing donetsk et al. 
  i 'm not saying that afghanistan and iraq were n't difficult campaigns , but taking on russia is n't something many nato members today want in the slightest , or would be willing to commit to very heavily . 
  use the massed power of nato in an active combat role to dissuade putin ? 
  you 're insane . 
  force will only be used here if russian troops attempt to enter western , not east ukraine . 
  the us and nato do n't want a war against someone who can fight back as effectively as they can . 
  oh , i know you were n't !, 
  and that makes more sense than them being from the same place , haha . 
  i 'm using my own ignorance on the topic as a point , i did n't know they were from the same place ? 
  that study is worth the read , just from what i 've seen . 
  i wonder why we 've ended up with that preconception . 
  i can understand americans being less inclined to go abroad when they 've got basically every terrain type going in the main bulk of the country , not to mention plenty of their own history v, 
  the last president but two was from there , fucking wow , that makes it worthy of note . 
  who could say where chirac was from within france ? 
  or blair ? 
  source ? 
  because i 'm scared now . 
  i love how disproportionate some of that is , like germans and swedes knowing where israel is but not most of the rest . 
  i do n't imagine he 's privy to many top-level discussions . 
  i 'd say they might see him being installed as a regional governor somewhere in east ukraine when they storm the border . 
  i do n't mean no one is listening to him , i mean it 's unlikely that he has any power , is speaking much truth or has much of a future either way . 
  thing is , he has n't really denounced russia or putin , he 's more trying to look like a ukrainian that a russian . 
  that said , i can totally see the gru or whoever dragging him from bed at three in the morning .
