yes i do . 
  they are n't here to seek refuge they are immigrants that want to better them selves economically . 
  if they were real refugees they would of stopped in jordan , lebanon or turkey where it 's safe . 
  i want to help people as much as the next person but i am not gon na tolerate bullshit from their shitty society that they are trying to bring to europe . 
  they can go back if they do n't like the freedoms we offer to all people in eu . 
  anyone with a working brain is not surprised at what is happening . 
  you wonder why countries rejected merkels demands to take in me immigrants , it 's because they knew the insanity that was going to happen after an influx of these people coming in their borders . 
  only now the effects of letting in millions of these people in are coming to the forefront . 
  i hate to say it but this will only end by outside pressure from the world populous and mockery of the german people for allowing this to happen . 
  get to the streets german people and start protesting against this madness before its too late . 
  within weeks there should be 100,000 s of german people protesting against this whole migrant crisis and the way german politicians have reacted to these mass sex assaults in cologne , frankfurt and where ever else shit like this has happened . 
  they are begging to take them in to europe from a war torn country and they are choosing where they want to go . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  they should be happy to be in a safe place, 
  it 's a saying and you clearly do n't understand it . 
  suck my ass, 
  yeah dude poland is actually better than france and germany combined . 
  i thought that estonian guy was a handful but then life is just full of surprises, 
  nope just a list and decided to throw poland in there and used the word even . 
  never compared any country to another just grouped them together . 
  you are so offended at nothing and it 's painfully obvious . 
  edit : look at my original comment i said `` or even '' lol you are trying to find a problem where one does n't exist, 
  lol i was n't even undervaluing them but that idiot took it the wrong way . 
  but if the shoe fits then wear it, 
  no i did n't make a grammatical error , i just used `` even '' to add an another country to the list and it rubbed you the wrong way . 
  as far as i am concerned it 's your problem that you got offended not mine . 
  if i am cooking eggs and say you can add butter onion bacon even cheese to it . 
  it does n't mean that cheese is some lesser of an item , it 's just a list of things . 
  you are looking into it too much . 
  i said `` even '' as to add an extra country to add to the list . 
  ffs people like you just try to create problems . 
  do n't get me wrong i am with you on that . 
  that 's my point exactly . 
  some of them want safety from a war torn country , some of them just want benefits . 
  what ? 
  i think it 's very obvious that i grouped then all together in the same group of shitty places for the refugees to go to that they would n't even go there . 
  edit : i was n't implying that any country is better than the other , do you not know how to english ? 
  they do n't want to be relocated . 
  no offense but why would you want to go to estonia , romania or even poland when you are in france or germany . 
  do the politicians not realize this, 
  i lost it after reading this comment, 
   but you cant move without savings or without a plan ... who said these were smart people who are financially responsible, 
  if we ever get to the point of easy space travel , imagine landing on mars and finding out that your baggage is on its way to pluto . 
  that would suck, 
  anyone that thinks that muslims are all the same and are terrorists are retarded . 
  i am just not a fan of multi immigration of uneducated undocumented and unskilled people . 
  but hey not my monkeys not my circus not my problem , according to your flair it 's gon na be your and your families problem so i do n't really care so keep defending the idea of multi immigration being a good thing . 
  you , i like you . 
  sorry i am not a child i know words and use them as i see it fit . 
  i do n't think cursing is cool ( that 's something an 8 year old would think is cool ) but if it helps to get the point and frustration across then fuck it i will use a curse word . 
  it 's the internet man not a congressional hearing do n't take it so seriously . 
  fuck you 're right, 
  we are too advanced to just give up and let idiots take over land like that, 
  it 's an insult . 
  i call men cunts all the time if they piss me off . 
  now move along edit : does me using the word cunt make it seem like i hate all women and think they are not equal ? 
  no you are just trying to find a problem where one does n't exist . . 
   your country voted for these individuals . 
  ok your point ? 
  i did n't vote for them . 
   their ideology in what regards women is backwards to say the least . 
  once again did n't vote for them therefore it does n't reflect my views . 
   since you are shadelessly aginst immigrants because of their procedence , it is procedent to remind you that you are not that different . 
  not against immigrants , just against mass immigration of unskilled , uneducated and undocumented people . 
  especially since most of them are not even syrian or not even escaping war . 
  righttttt i am no different than those men who molested those women , seriously go fuck your self for comparing me to them . 
  you 're no different than the retarded politicians who let these people in thinking there would be no problems . 
  go to sleep kid and stop wasting my time . 
   it is procedent to remind you that you are no different what are you even saying . . 
  agree with that . 
  i just want to see what the end game is . 
  lol just because i am from poland does n't mean i agree with what the idiots in pis have been doing . 
  last time i checked this was a discussion about attacks on women in germany by immigrants not about pis . 
  if you have nothing to contribute to the discussion do n't shit post . 
   strange the lack of videos . 
  should be thousands of them posted on the internet by now . 
   internet where did i say anything about youtube . 
  she pretty much is deflecting the blame from the idiot politicians like her self for letting in these people to men . 
  its just fucking sad at the moment, 
  it 's called media censoring , has been happening since the start of this problem . 
  what a fucking cunt . 
  i guess the men who attempted to protect the attacked women were also at fault . . 
  i ca n't believe this is happening in a country like germany . 
  if the water cannons were used there would n't even be a problem and these asshats would n't of been there thus there would be no victims . 
  yes but if i saw a water cannon shooting water i would not go there . 
  its about crowd control and it would disperse the entire crowd thus stopping these idiots from touching people, 
  come to poland , super nice and cheap , well worth it . 
  need the space in the tank for the groceries i mean how else are you going to bring in food from lidl for an entire battalion . 
  i guess you could send convoy of aid but lidl is soooo much closer and more convenient, 
  `` the decision we made to let in thousands of random people is not a bad one '' - germany its fucked up but i ca n't wait till german people get their pitchforks and stand up to this nonsense . 
  i just do n't get it , what competent leader of a country lets in thousands of undocumented , unskilled and uneducated people in and thinks its a good idea . 
  also forgot to mention that their values do not mix in at all with the ones of a western country . 
  like i said its only a matter of time before german people start organizing protests against this bullshit and altercations become physical . 
  edits : wording, 
   maintain an arm 's length distance to strangers are they being serious . . yeah because keeping away half a meter will prevent you from getting molested, 
  do n't forget aks and military grade equipment, 
  fucking hell , get those truck mounted water cannons and shot it at these fucks, 
  i personally think that everyone should receive help in that area . 
  bringing them to eu is a mistake that only creates more problems . 
  read somehwere that only 30 % were syrian,
