  so if over 2400 people turn out to vote the margin of error is actually 2 %, 
  you could say the same for those who want to stay in or are pro-eu . 
  just take a look on this sub . 
  you hear from some eu supporters that they want federal europe where as others are against that but still pro-eu to some degrees . 
  your statment would be more correct if you said brexiters do know what they want it 's just many have different ideas . 
  i actually like this idea, 
  it seems erdogan 's power stretches as far as germany . 
  i think it looks dull and has no personality . 
  it reminds me of some official website i might look at when looking up health advice or legal regulation . 
  you may laugh at jokes like this but some `` other '' news site peddle this type of crap for real . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/35919247 the bbc is implying that foolballers earning # 100,000 or # 10,000 + + per week and who are paying their taxes on those huge earnings will be kicked out of the uk . 
  london actually . 
  the only media i consume is free papers on the tube which have had a lot of scare stories . 
  but then i guess it 's me as i 'm not looking for reasons to vote out as i 'm firmly in that camp already . 
  i will be honestly surprised if we vote to leave . 
  you ca n't pick up a paper or visit a main stream news site without reading a headline on how awful an exit will be . 
  i 've seen very little to support an brexit and so it feels like those voting to leave are those who have been firmly in the out camp for a while like myself . 
   malvinas/falkland just falklands since we 're the ones with ownership, 
  i have n't tried any but will pick some up . 
  m&s stocks wines from all over europe, 
  i 've always been a fan of italian wine . 
  spanish and greek wine is great too . 
  during the hight of the credit crunch i moved to the costa del sol and worked part time in a friends restaurant . 
  i found the area very easy to get by with very little money . 
  inb4 theroies of how europe will punish the uk 's economy, 
  can you give us a translation or a brief to avoid judging the story by the title . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic but almost all religions have a histroy of war and violence in the name of their god/s . 
  it 's just most sane people want nothing to do with violence so try to separate the two . 
  but why do they assume the bed is a hard one ? 
  leaving the eu could be a boost . 
  the desire is that if we leave we should fail . 
  i do n't understand why . 
  when scotland was having their referendum i wanted them to stay but what ever the outcome i wished them well . 
  debates need to happen for democracy to work . 
  if you 're bored then get out of these threads , hanz . 
  why do people want our economy to go tits up just because we might leave the eu ? 
  what a malicious union we 're in when those who wish to exit should be seen to suffer . 
  this is why some want to exit the eu . 
  well ... the more french isis become the more likely they are to go on strike . 
  if you pay attention european news sites are equally as obsessed with us affairs . 
  and i would n't go as far as to call hillary clinton a fascist . 
  are you serious ? 
  good news . 
  can someone tell me why they were based in molenbeek ? 
  who would have thought we would find allies among irritated french politicians, 
  i did n't even bring up that he 's jewish or that has anything to do with it . 
  that came from your mind . 
  he 's very pro-no borders for europe and does n't see from his ivory tower in the us how a europe with no borders will get messy . 
  this has george soros written all over it . 
  so they caught him which is great but now he 'll be a burden on the swedish tax payer as he spends the rest of his life in a swedish prison . 
  unlikely he 'll be sent to a syrian prison once the country is stable as he could face harsh punishment so will be protected under the ecohr . 
  that 's the trouble with a relaxed attitude to immigration , even the worst criminals will come . 
  same here . 
  i was banned for a month for not being nice enough, 
  same feelings here . 
  i hope the eu works well but without the uk . 
  they do n't come to the uk with the sole purpose of effecting a domestic democratic referendum, 
  he needs to stay out of our politics, 
  how is sd racist ? 
  from what i 've learnt they just want to reduce immigration which is n't racist by itself, 
  wanting a drastic reduction in migration is n't a far right issue . 
  it 's an issue for everyone . 
  many people on the left have concerns over the migrants it just seems left wing politics have been hijacked by banshees who screen `` racist '' if you have a slightly different opinion to them which is outside of the extreme left . 
  what a break down of justice . 
  i feel awful for the parents of the murdered boy . 
  what possible reason could they have to not charge the boy and dispense justice ? 
  as it should be . 
  18 is fine . 
  fair enough, 
   regressive left so not far off being zealously leftist then ? 
  what is it then ? 
  the guardian is rather left . 
   more peaceful i did n't say fully peaceful . 
  but what is it with drunk loud italians on london 's night busses ? 
  at least night bus rides through central london will be more peaceful without italians, 
  or as called in george orwell 's 1984 `` airstrip one '', 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  in the regular news it 's non stop scare stories about leaving and hardly and positive news about leaving . 
  a bluff by who ? 
  many people in the uk want a brexit and intend to vote out . 
  people keep saying this but is there any kind of source that makes it true ? 
   swedify ca n't stop laughing , but you 're right . 
  i 'm not sure which is considered more progressive these days ... women 's rights or tolerance for islam , but you ca n't have both . 
  this happens at every election and every major referendum . 
  it 's basically all talk and reaction, 
  good luck denmark . 
  the uk tries this but gets stopped by the echr as they have a right to a family life . 
  a union glued together by fear . 
  wonderful ... 
  the uk buys an awful lot of goods from germany , more than we sell it . 
  if germany wishes to make trade difficult then it would be like burning down its own home in protest . 
  stiff upper lip and keeping calm . 
  okay . 
  that made me laugh . 
  what ? 
  are they implying that diversity is n't a strength ? 
  what a shocker . 
  none of them are impartial . 
  i wonder how many of them are skilled doctors, 
  i agree with her and you got a sense that the panel was rattled .
