  those camped out at calais are not legally allowed to enter the uk, 
  why wo n't the french take responsibility for the camps in calais ? 
  the uk is taking in 20000 over five years . 
  why does n't germany and sweden try out those sort of numbers ? 
  because your people voted for it, 
  can confirm . 
  had a friend who opened a bar and grill in benalmadena, 
  nice work !, 
  europe should become more open and friendly with russia . 
  nato should be reduced to its orignal size to honour the verbal aggrement the us had with the russians, 
  i was joking, 
  we should stop using ` anti-immigration ' as it can sound negative and replace it with ` border-supporter ', 
  i do n't think people hate turkey , far from it but i do n't think the eu and turkey is compatible, 
  while some parts of london are dodgy it does n't have any no go zones, 
  you get used to it . 
  we oftern see the us flag next to our language . 
  i 'm sort of joking but one may assume that after she seemed ice cold towards that child she had a guilt trip and opened the borders to all syrians . 
  funny if you think about it , palestinians are in just as much danger from israel as syrians are from isis and their own rebels . 
  and to think this all started with the tears of a small palestine girl on tv . 
  into sanders ? 
  i 've noticed americans are more into trump . 
  let 's not worry about the young when this immigration will help pay for old age pensions . 
  my bad . 
  i thought germany said `` we can do this '' now the rest of us have to pay for their house party ? 
  my comment was more tongue in cheek, 
  especially by germans . 
  i think we would piss off france even more by leaving . 
  he is a super smart chap so i hope some dirt is found on him or our chances of leaving the eu might reduce . 
  it becomes easy when politicians want to get the votes of a particular group . 
  the young vote , the elderly vote , the female vote and so on . 
  a religious group who are also a minority are more likely to vote in unity than anyone else if their imams tell them to . 
  you might start to care if islam gets heavily involved in local and national politics as it could change your way of life . 
  if your land is all tied up then why is your government allowing so many people to migrate ? 
  you know you 're fucked when the guardian is writing things like this . 
  he 's an idiot on reddit 24/7 . 
  ignore him, 
  i vote to quit . 
  the next decade is going to be interesting as europe and syria feel the effects of this mass migration . 
  try to make your home country a better place by leading by example . 
  it 's just the french take things too far, 
  congratulations on your diversity , germany . 
  you 're going to be the strength of the eu with your low cost and mobile work force as well as a tourist hotspot with your new cultural enriched diversity . 
  because they do n't deport them . 
  call his bluff , let him die . 
  good luck with that germanbros . 
  rather you than us !, 
  germany has always played a part in shaping europe . 
  the fall of rome , the great war , ww2 , the eu and now the migrant crisis . 
  you ca n't deny she 's a major player . 
  part of the brexit pledge was easer free trade with the rest of the world . 
  so it 's perfectly in line . 
  but how can you have free trade without free movement of people ????!!, 
  only slightly passive aggressive, 
  and even if that was true , so what ? 
  how so ? 
  typical reddit commentator ... wants uk to leave the eu but loves the idea they we might have to stay . 
  delete this . 
  considering how most threads are raging against the uk over the slightest thing european salt is a far better investment, 
  yes she 's stupid , that 's how she became leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world . 
  maybe she can smarten up and visit / r/europe more and take advice from random reddit commentators . 
  i like how you think you speak for everyone . 
  i 'll keep that in mind when i watch the news about neo-nazi poles , militant french strikers , anti-islam marches in germany , swedish thugs beating on migrant children , vigilante bulgarian border patrols , italian fishing gear boats sinking migrant boats , hungarian border razer wire or maybe i 'll use my brain and realise that media over play things to push an agenda, 
  it 's hilarious it see that people think bad things should happen if you chose to leave a club . 
  it 's like a biker gang or a mafia , if you leave you die . 
  if your union is so great why do you scorn on members wanting to leave ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  a few shocking headlines does n't make the uk xenophobic . 
  we 're still as welcoming as most 1st world countries . 
  london is still the multicultural place in europe . 
  these knee jerk reaction on / r/europe are getting stupid . 
  i recently read a book called the rise and fall of the third reich . 
  it goes into amazing details about the rise of hitler . 
  his march into power was by no means peaceful . 
  putting paper into a ballot box peacefully is n't mob rule . 
  why is it always the romanian posters who produce the most bile when talking about the uk ? 
  serious question . 
  was brexit news earth shattering news in romania ? 
  i 'm so ashamed about that . 
  i really hope they get the book thrown at them . 
  heh 33000 people . 
  hardly noteworthy, 
  who and when ? 
  the hell you talking about ? 
  the brexit was a union wide vote and at no point was the down to individual nations . 
  the uk is a champion of modern democracy as nations are free to hold referendums as they please . 
  we had an interesting but intense debate like this during the scottish referendum . 
  their arguement was that they had paid into a union so in the event of a split scotland has a claim on some union assests such as gold reserves and currency but would also be liable for some debt and to be fiar they were right . 
  part of the debate circled around scotland using the pound but should they be denied they could walk away from the debt . 
  i expect eu assets will become part of brexit negotiations at some point - what the uk can or can not walk away from and what the uk can take and leave . 
  we do n't . 
  i believe a lot of people expect a hard brexit with no freedom of movement and low tariff trade agreements . 
  all this yelling about special agreements are coming from eu leaders . 
  heh i used to work in spain as a booker for entertainment acts on the costa del sol . 
  love every minute of it and go back every year to see old friends . 
  sadly there was n't much of a future in it or i would have stayed . 
  do you think that 's being a little presumptuous at this stage ? 
  in what way ? 
  i do n't really agree that we 're full of ourself . 
  we voted to leave the eu whether you think it 's right or wrong that 's up to you but we 're told we face disaster where as many of us simply do n't believe that to be true . 
  just out of genuine interest .
