  if you want to talk about how a country 's attitude effect others you should look into a country called greece - the train wreck of europe, 
  oh wise and all knowing reddit commentator surely you know best and we should put you in charge . 
  who are you quoting because i have no idea what you 're talking about and when is this delay ? 
  the vote was taken on the 23rd of june and today is the 13th of july ... it 's been less than a month !, 
  let 's us sort our leadership out and we 'll get right onto leaveing . 
   except maybe `` we rule ourselves again hurrdurr '' why is this a terrible thing ? 
  it was one of the main and strongest arguments during the scottish referendum and they have mostly been cheered on by everyone in europe . 
  as quoted in the link , they need to work out what sort of relationship they want with the eu . 
  it would seem rather rude and bazaar to sit at the negotiation table and shrug your shoulders . 
   we get ourselves ready for the negotiation , we decide what kind of relationship we want to negotiate , and then we move ahead and trigger article 50 . 
  we 'll do it right , we 'll do it in a proper way , we 'll do it when we 're ready fair enough . 
  seems like a wise move . 
  bored students looking for something to protest about . 
  haha yes . 
  in the uk we vote for a party not a person like the us . 
  the party handles it 's own leadership affairs and cabinet positions . 
   brits are the first ones to point out everyone elses lack of democracy across the world i 'm fairly sure obama was on polish tv the other day telling them their democracy was a bit shit, 
   leave voters are not a single entity good grief i wish this sub would understand this . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  so he 'll continue to produce goods in the uk for the uk but start to produce goods in mainland europe for mainland europe as his company grows . 
  i thought that 's how most companies of his type operate . 
  yet if you believe the commentators on this sub , dublin is about to take a lot of business from the uk and become the new financial capital of the world . 
  it follows the narrative of brit bashing since we voted to leave their union . 
  how is the greek tax system unfair ? 
  we all knew this was going to happen . 
  it 's like predicting that the sun will rise tomorrow then saying i told you so . 
  for many of us brexit is a long term thing . 
  and for people to pay their tax . 
  well let 's hope we can take a lesson from greece and never borrow money . 
  i live in the london area and voted leave . 
  i do n't believe we 'll see many or any job losses and i believe london will stay a world class financial center . 
  ofc i might be wrong but i 'll only believe it when i see it not when i see people speculate on it . 
  almost a mirror image of this sub and / r/unitedkingdom, 
  i bet it will continue to be london for many decades to come . 
  what 's the trashest tabloid in germany ? 
  and is it what germans read on a daily basis ? 
  you got to love british politics sometimes for just how brutal it can be . 
  so much so that movies and tv dramas/comedies have been based on it, 
  these cartoons are getting silly . 
  it 's only been a week and we all knew there would be a short term shock . 
  i 'm a leave voter and would i take my vote back ? 
  hell no !, 
  so maybe younger people are equally as stupid for not bothering to vote . 
  maybe a little but we were not the only eu country against further intergration , we just had the loudest voice and the greater power to prevent it . 
  at least farage was voted in . 
  juncker just came to an arrangement with merkel, 
  what would you do ? 
  set fire to someones shop because a democratic vote did n't go your way ? 
  we got ourself an armchair expert on eu law over here . 
  for a population of over 64 million that 's really good . 
  foreign investment only increases when the economy is stable and strong . 
  implying it will increase means we made the right move economicly, 
  who are we going to blame for our problems ? 
  ourselves . 
  that 's the hole point and now we aim to be in better control to solve them . 
  pretty good . 
  i can understand the upset and panic as it 's a huge political move but it 's what i voted for and once the dust settles things will calm down and we can get down to business . 
  i see the biggest risk in whom we get for a prime minister . 
  looks alright . 
  would prefer to lose the green and add a dragon, 
  i 'm not sure at this stage . 
  this is just the natural order of things . 
  hopefully we 'll get a pm more suited to negotiate our way out of the eu, 
  no mate . 
  the entire vote was just banter, 
  in a way charles de gaulle played a huge part in this vote . 
  if he had n't blocked the uk entering europe for so long the country may have integrated better and felt more welcome, 
  oh well then ... maybe the working man can finally afford a home if the scaremongering becomes true . 
  i bet there will be a lot of glastonbury festival kids waking up this morning wishing they had applied for a postal vote . 
  i do . 
  i think it 'll be good for both sides . 
  i 'm always confused when the stay campaign says we should stay and reform europe when in reality if we stay it 'll be more of the same and more of our european friends feeling frustrated with us . 
  i have n't noticed this . 
  maybe you just wish to see that . 
  i 'm in no doubt the uk will hold a second snap referendum if we vote to leave but with the offer of better opt outs and vows which will amount to nothing . 
  i doubt brussels will talk to her until after any scottish referendum as it could be seen as an influence in the outcome, 
  to be fair we have several / r/ukpolitics is more central, 
  britain first is a joke and an embarrassment . 
  their support is minimal so i hope no one other then the few fools who follow them take what they produce seriously . 
  definitely a pro eu sub but to its credit it 's not quite like an echo chamber of left wing / eu politics of / r/unitedkingdom, 
   i also stopped counting the number of cases of food poisoning i 've had with british chicken maybe that has something to do with your cooking skills because i 've never had poisoning and i eat a lot of chicken as i lift weights as a hobby . 
   we could also talk about food safety , with people abandoning food in supermarkets and supermarket staff re-shelving it like it 's no big deal never heard of this . 
   people in the uk have abandoned all and any sense of good quality of life . 
  and since i forgot to mention it before , please add availability of culture to that list . 
  the british way of life has become `` commute , work , buy , drink , rinse and repeat '' . 
  quite pathetic indeed considering how important this country used to be . 
  and this is just sour grapes, 
  the left used to be about working class people , now it 's about champaign socialists taking the moral high ground as large immigration does n't effect them in a negative way . 
  many folks i know who live in poorer parts of essex and east london do n't give a crap about the possible risks because they view staying in the eu a bigger risk . 
  i hope they did n't study too hard to get that result . 
  britain is what you make it and britain offers tonnes of opportunities . 
  if you ca n't make it in the uk you wo n't make it anywhere . 
  momentum is sure with us on the leave side . 
  i hope it stays on track and none of our politicians say anything really stupid or have any more godwin moments . 
  like you 're an expert . 
  funny article . 
  a piece asking us to stay while filled with thinly veiled insults . 
  and germany has n't become a constant annoyance themselves ? 
  good . 
  i hope someday the uk has the balls to do the same .
