good . 
  it 's best for britain and europe if we divorce . 
  because if one of these migrants is living in filth someone like vice news will come along and photograph them in their own filth which will just demonize europe even more, 
  i 've always had a lot of respect for hungary, 
  you do n't know this . 
  the score is hidden and it seems only one or two non danes have made comments which seem netural, 
  by act together does she mean allow hundreds of thousands of undocumented syrian men into our countries ? 
  i can only speak for myself but i would be happy for the uk to leave the eu . 
  i also think it would be better for the eu, 
  germany is trying to rule europe . 
  if failed in two world wars and this is its new approach . 
  britain will be the hero again by quitting the eu and showing the way to the rest . 
  the ride never ends, 
  i 'm amazed the uk is second based on how everyone spergs out when there is news about the uk, 
  this should keep swedish shed builders busy for a while . 
  i think it 's obvious . 
  extremists are traveling both ways quite easily . 
  he definitely takes his role seriously . 
  i wonder if his high activity is because he 's trying to shape the subreddit into his image of how / r/europe should be . 
  he 's clearly unhappy with its current state . 
   no doubt the bleeding hearts will complain , ofc , they 've already started , but overall i believe the british public will support this . 
  planning an intelligence . 
  they would have confirmed the targets before the drone struck . 
  fyi ... drones are not run on an ai but are piloted by remote, 
  [ sweden says it will pursue a feminist foreign policy to counter macho russian aggression ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2014/12/08/sweden-says-it-will-pursue-a-feminist-foreign-policy-to-counter-macho-russian-aggression/ ) even if no one really knows what that means . 
  german women are going to have a lot of exotic choices . 
  you are from switzerland so take a picture of your face and post it so we all know how to look if/when things do get more expensive . 
  because we buy more from the germans then they buy from us . 
  if germany blocks uk trade it would be like germany and the rest of the eu burning down their own home in protest . 
  you mean to tell me we ca n't be friends and trade if we leave the eu ? 
  same here . 
  and leaving the eu does n't mean we ca n't still trade and be friendly with them . 
  i just quite like britpop and the sound of british bands . 
  the uk also seems to get a lot of small american bands playing here before europe . 
  i guess it 's all down to personal taste . 
  you heard right, 
  oh and this , 
  i 'm not claiming england is the best or anything in my list is the best compaired to europe . 
  my choise is made from my personal experiences . 
  heh , i enjoyed it . 
  i guess because i was working the little downtime i had was filled with fun . 
  the local lads we worked with were great . 
  i admit in advance that i 'm being a little bias but my answer is england . 
  the reason is i find it very easy to get work at decent pay , nhs , music scene , and british humour . 
  i live in east london and while it 's a crazy lifestyle here i can if i want to move slightly out to essex for a slower pace of life . 
  i get to travel all over the uk with work and just got back from blackpool which was a great town . 
  i also get to travel all over europe with my work so i have at least sampled other countries . 
  if i had to pick another country in europe to live it would be spain . 
  haha yes . 
  i remember that well . 
   united leavedom i love this one, 
  thank you , brother . 
  if the population were more willing to stay in the eu would they be no longer ignorant ? 
  the uk have had large migration for decades which peeked during the last government , so much so migration became a top issue before this current crisis . 
  a few thousand is a few thousand too many , it now feels like the straw that broke the cammels back . 
  honestlly ... not much . 
  the uk are one of the biggest consumers of german and other eu nations goods . 
  if we left the eu we 'll continue with some kind of free trade deal . 
  only thing that might change is the eu budget will get a little smaller . 
  free movment of people might change but the door wo n't totally shut as skilled workers from europe have been a boon for us , they might end up with a flexable cap . 
  this is going to be a fun ride !, 
  better buckle up and keep arms inside the car . 
   you do n't have to tag my name and get me to respond because you could n't have your way . 
  do n't play the victim , you decided to reply to me flippantly then insult me . 
  i never claimed our social services to be perfect and i 'm not a fan of the bedroom tax which is n't part of welfare ... 
  it 's a tax ( a shitty one ) many countries in europe have a much much worse system than ours yet we are being investigated by the un ?!?!? 
  ofc it 'll come to nothing and an investigation should n't be an assumption of guilt . 
  if you wish to avoid discussion with some people you should probably avoid replying to them altogther and not throw out insults as then it 's you who is guilty of not producing anything meaningful . 
  he 's talking about ( it ca n't be posted on this sub ) i posted there a few times at most . 
  i checked it out while i was shadowbanned from this sub ( for no reason given dispite many pms to the mods ) the first time i posted there i told them they were over the top on the crap they posted . 
  / u/trytheredone is making silly claims about the uks social services dispite having no knowledge on the subject and when called out on it he has resorted in trawling through my posting histroy in an attempt to save face . 
  i having posted their a few times at most , one time telling them they are over the top . 
  but so what ? 
  people have different posting habbets and views . 
  can you not back up your claims without trading insults ? 
  depends on the writer . 
  half of the articles are well written , half are shite i.e owen jones . 
  just like all papers/news sites really, 
  do you want me to debate with you the government 's budget or the fact that our walfare system is n't as bad as some are led to believe ? 
  edit . 
  fyi those news sources are not what i call lefty propaganda but just opinon pieces . 
  they are the same sources that will also praise the governments economic recovery under a different writer . 
  we in the uk have a world class welfare system . 
  you can find a few countries with better but you can find many countries with worse , those with better welfare systems tend to be richer and/or countries with much smaller populations . 
  coming off the back of a credit crunch where the past labour gov way overspent we are being forced to ballence the books so verious social services are finding they have less money to spend than they used to to . 
  these articles are really about having a crack at the conservative government than showing how our services are at breaking point . 
  over stretched , yes . 
  crisis , no . 
  being unemployed , mentally ill or disabled sucks but there are many worse countries in the world and europe you could be in . 
  you 're right , your view is distorted . 
  so you can make random claims but not back them up . 
  okay, 
  how is our welfare system killing us ? 
  it will be mostly threats from / r/europe posters claiming that british expats living in spain will be kicked out and there will be no free trade deals . 
  50/50 but it keeps swinging each way, 
  you do n't have to care at all . 
  no one said you should, 
  the drama will be fantastic . 
  i 'm looking forward to the angry bitterness towards the uk during the run up . 
  i hope we leave too but it might take some persuading .
