  ireland will survive and wo n't get `` fucked up '' we had a fair referendum and voted with how we felt . 
  as i was among the 52 % we do n't need your forgiveness as evidence that was posted recently on this sub shows we do n't regret our choice and the majority have accepted there could be short term damage . 
  as for the lies , there were lies both sides of the debate , i remember cameron telling us a brexit could lead to ww3 . 
  it seems wrong to assume everyone fell for the lies especially # 350million going to the nhs , i know i saw through that rubbish but still maintain that we 're better off running our own country and having a good relationship with europe and the world . 
  so are most people after two bottles of wine , he 'll feel it in the morning though . 
  great men tend to be men . 
  under rated, 
  how do you know they are hooligans ? 
  haha sounds about right . 
  next time post an anti tory sorry from news thump and it 'll rain karma . 
  ( new thump is a satire site ), 
  i think you posted the wrong thread . 
  they are not discussing the 19 % who wished for economic damage as punishment that u was replying to . 
  hope on over to / r/unitedkingdom and find out . 
  your link confirms the age not the train of thought they have . 
  that 's an assumption from your end . 
  you could quite easily say they care more due to having living relatives at working age and understanding unemployment having lived through the depression in the 80s . 
   61 % of leave voters view significant economic damage as a price worth paying for leaving the eu i like having this confirmed . 
  i 've lost count of the number of reddit posters who tell us all brexit voters were in denial like / u/standy85 who wrote [ the brexiteers will not admit to anything . 
  they will will either say that 1 ) it 's `` just '' a few hundreds jobs that wo n't impact much ( so ruling out the scenario where banks move their operations in time and/or hire from within the eu ) or 2 ) say good riddance , the bankers are not needed or something along these populist lines or 3 ) hide their heads in the sand , saying that it 's just coulda , woulda , shoulda ( failing to recognise that some banks have already made plans to move without waiting for the inepts of westminster to make up their minds ) . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6qmv5d/japans_biggest_bank_set_to_move_investment/dkymzuh/ ), 
  all we 're missing is an irish or romanian poster to tell us that this is actually bad news for the uk and good for the eu, 
  hold up . 
  this was n't in the script . 
   it means that the uk will have a lot of vacant jobs better than having no vacant jobs . 
  brexit voter here . 
  a lot of us knew we would lose some banking job . 
  we accepted and acknowledge the short term after brexit was n't going to be bright . 
  your argument is totally based on the assumption on how people might vote . 
  then the eu and it 's leaders ca n't complain about trump being protectionist . 
  brexit threads are out in force this morning . 
  it means they ca n't travel with a british passport which can afford you many privileges, 
  it does n't make sense to you because you did n't read the artical . 
  it states several times that they would prefer to take them to court and charge them but you ca n't do that in all cases so those who ca n't charge for whatever reason and are considered dangerous are banned from coming back . 
  [ there is still little sign of any `` bregret '' . 
  there is a media appetite for a narrative of the public changing their mind and some newspaper stories based on open-access voodoo polls or cherry-picking individual polls , but the broad picture is consistent : the vast majority of people still think the way they voted in june 2016 was correct . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2017/03/29/attitudes-brexit-everything-we-know-so-far/ ), 
  corbyn is about the biggest eurosceptic in the country and has been for his entire political life . 
  remainers wanting a second referendum surprises no one but that has nothing to do with my point that the vast majority of those who voted to leave would do so again . 
  i 've also read that a lot of remainers have accepted the result and just want to get it over with . 
   clearly the majority of the u.k. want to remain now no it does n't . 
  polls have shown that people really have n't changed their minds . 
  i wonder how many french men are raising children that are not their own, 
  that 's because they are retired , on holiday or just want to live in the sun in a coastal town . 
  i know as i used to live on the costa del sol . 
  i also travel around europe with work quite a lot with work and i do n't believe much will change . 
  this just means you ca n't come from the eu and settle in the uk without a work visa . 
  yeah rees-mogg is probably the best politician in the uk for me . 
  i was referring to a 1st world european country . 
  well i should hope so . 
  i ca n't imagine anything worse than what they 've already been through . 
  you say for a number of reason but the only reason you state is personal opinion that 10k is n't the final number . 
  absolutely flawed . 
  london will stay a major financial capital so calling london decimated is a bit over the top and nothing more than a wet dream from those who want us punished . 
  brexit voter here . 
  we expected this , you ca n't have the eu headquarters outside the eu . 
  only in mint tea . 
  this makes no sense . 
  if an idea is spread and forced by `` lefties '' then it 's a leftist issue . 
  most far left or far right share the same issues but just for different reasons . 
  haha i remember that . 
  that was some real tinfoil hat conspiracy they had going on . 
  103000 new germans . 
  how random . 
  no one is claiming the uk economy is being or needs to be driven by tourism . 
  also the us , france and holland are advanced economies with fantastic tourism figures . 
  i 'm fairly sure france and britian went to war with germany because they invaded poland . 
  juncker has made plenty of sarcastic or rude comments back the other way so get over yourselves, 
  at least they are having a good time . 
  / r/uk is just an unnecessary pit of despair, 
  the eu can go whistle if they want 100 billion . 
  he 's just saying what a lot of us are thinking . 
  sorry if that 's unpopular on here . 
  i 'm sure winston churchill was very unpopular with the german public at one time too . 
  it 's filled with the most toxic people on reddit so it 's perfect as a containment sub . 
  it 's over for may . 
  she 'll never win another election or be re-elected as mp without the german public support !, 
  unpopular opinion . 
  nigel farage is an absolute legend . 
  well then it 's not unprecedented, 
  is n't sweden the capital of identity politics ? 
  men can just claim they are fluid and are female that day . 
  this sub reddit is about europe , mate . 
   and somehow , those mega threads always end up being about some western countries so yeah the current mega thread above us is about albania . 
  oh come on . 
  this is just a thread on an internet forum . 
  do n't take it so serious . 
  u/casualview guide to mad posts in a uk related threads . 
  look for the irish flair 2 . 
  look for the romanian flair, 
  would you like a tissue with your issue ? 
  your sense of smell is off . 
  she voted against it . 
  well i remember a bank holiday monday not too long ago so i 'm not sure the uk `` 0 '' is totally accurate . 
  i think he did . 
  anecdotal i know but i work in production and none of the european workers i 've spoken to are planning on leaving . 
  one german guy i work with sometimes works in music production and claims london is still the best place for him . 
  well i really just emphasised that it 's opinion before this sub sat around and masturbated to it like fact, 
  just a typical anti brexit story . 
  there may be a little be of truth in there but most of it is opinion .
