  i hope your economy is robust enough to manage . 
  i welcome a second referendum then it 'll settle the question forever or at least a generation . 
  if they vote to leave then so be it , an unhappy partner in a union is better off out ( brexit ) but if they stay then great , that 's settled for at least 30 years and we can all get on with our lives . 
  in all fairness porn addiction is a real and growing problem but i 'm not sure blocking porn sites is the only answer . 
  people will just find another way to get their smut . 
  but does n't the criticism came from how the eurozone wrks internally like how some eurozone countries suffer at the expence of others . 
   absolutely they would . 
  i 'm not sure a finish redditor speaks for spanish troops who have close ties with argentina . 
   what you seemingly fail to understand si that nato works the exact same way ? 
  i do n't think it is . 
  nato is to combat russian agresson , not the possability of argentina invading disputed islands 200 miles off their shore . 
  i do n't see how it makes sense . 
  if for example argentina tried to retake the falklands would spanish troops or spanish resources be happy to fight argentina ? 
  then who is a threat to europe as a hole ? 
  but then that 's what nato is for . 
  how so ? 
  there is no reason why we should n't . 
  especially with ireland . 
  backing the bill was the right thing to do . 
  same , actually it 'll be a relief . 
   it is in the interest of the eu to punish the uk for leaving the union hahaha oh wow . 
  ofc , i know germans are famous for their sense of humor, 
  calm down , child . 
  it was a joke . 
  i 'm sure he said `` thank you for voting down any pro uk thread '', 
  haha , not bad . 
  yeah i noticd that , my favorite part of the world so a real shame . 
  my father retired to the town next door to dover called deal . 
  you 'll find plenty of castles and forts along that coast but obvioully nothing as grand as dover . 
  gtfo is `` get the fuck out '', 
  how do you know this though ? 
  i do n't doubt that the uk might be in for a hard time but so many predictions about economy , politics , brexit , trump and so much more have gone so so wrong . 
  at the point in time only a fool would talk in absolutes . 
  he 's the anti-uk poster . 
  i 'm sure he spends a great deal of time hunting for bad news to post about the uk . 
  interestingly most negative news is posted by europeans where as most positive news is posted by brits . 
  larger economy means we might buy more rose oil . 
   but if this is a ploy to try to leverage yourself for a ` bespoke ' deal from the eu and the rest of the world , then good luck ? 
  yeah because eu trade negotiators browse r/europe . 
  with all the vitriol floating around here its the europeans who are triggered . 
   where were their special exemptions ? 
  did they ask for any ? 
   got solely out of friendliness no , because we were a major contributer . 
   reunification is coming . 
  good . 
  it 'll be nice to pass on the financial burden . 
  i hope for your sake your country 's economy is robust enough to handle it . 
  so when is it going to be fixed ? 
  also , pity you have to pay to see a doctor in ireland otherwise you could have that chip on your shoulder seen to . 
   easily available and better than a nanny state that 's overly interested in every detail of its inhabitant 's lives . 
  [ abortion is not legal in ireland in cases of rape , incest or foetal anomaly . 
  ] ( https://www.ifpa.ie/pregnancy-counselling/abortion-irish-law ) charming . 
   tyranny of england , equality and justice for us all , regime of careless tyrants how are those abortion laws in ireland ? 
  yeah , he is am amazing speaker . 
  part of his skill is how calm and relaxed he can stay during a debate . 
  i did also laugh because we got to laugh at ourselves from time to time but why do people always assume we 'll be weak when it comes to trade deals ? 
  so i guess you 're the one in four . 
  they earn money from licence fees not advertising . 
  what would the bbc have to gain from that ? 
  for what purpose ? 
  move to sweden, 
  incorrect . 
  it actually contains sources in the artical [ `` only one in four people who relocated to sweden as singles had found a partner after five years ] ( http://www.scb.se/statistik/_publikationer/be0701_2015a01_br_be51br1501.pdf ), 
  these charts are hilarious , one was recently posted about how much the uk trusted the eu and in both cases the uk was not at the bottom but the chart subject is focused on the uk and gets posted here . 
  this sub has the strangest hard on for us . 
  [ according to the bbc , sweden is the loneliest place in the world for expats . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/capital/story/20161005-this-might-be-the-loneliest-country-for-expats ), 
  interestingly , sweden went from having more females than males to having more males than females due to immigration . 
   conflict and instability across afghanistan , syria , and north africa are sending teenage boys to sweden ; the ap reports that 35,000 unaccompanied male minors arrived in sweden last year [ source ] ( http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2016/06/suddenly-more-men-than-women-in-sweden.html ), 
  yeah . 
  the only way this situation can improve is if the headline read a cut by 100 %, 
   bro ' - like people from this industry it 's that bro-like highly competative attitude that makes the money . 
  i know folks do n't like it but that 's the way it is the world over . 
   its so ingrained in the uk psyche that you guys dont even notice can you give an example of this please as i think you 're full of it . 
   may and boris is , we want all the goodies from the eu ( free trade with the eu , passport rights ) and nothing of the `` bad '' if you look in the / r/europe front page there is a link from may that states that we 're leaving the single market . 
  that can be viewed as some of the bad !, 
  and anyway the negotiation have n't started yet so no one really knows what the uk and eu are after . 
  i keep seeing folks on here type out that many of us still believe we 're an empire but i never see this in real life and many of my friends , family and coworkers are pro-brexit including myself . 
  can you please give me a few examples of why you believe this to be the case ? 
  the poster you 're replying to refered to a fta with the us , not europe . 
  well yes of cause ... but the point of my reply was that the drop in unemployment was n't all down to zero hour jobs . 
  zero jobs ? 
  then you 're looking in the wrong places . 
  try the stage , blue room forums or even google av companies in london . 
  most of the websites you 'll come across are looking for sound engineers , lighting tech , stage managers ect . . how do you find work in this firld in your country ? 
  the only time i see romania mentioned in the media is through this sub . 
  i know zero hours are shit but there there is a lot of work out there for the right skills . 
  i 'm a qualified electrican and work as a lighting designer . 
  i 'm seeing pages and pages of job vacancies in construction as well as theatre companies , av companies and production companies . 
  for the right skills there are oceans of opportunity in the uk . 
  i just came back from working in china in december then walked into a full time job as well knocking back several offers along the way . 
  well i do n't know you personally so i ca n't say . 
  although i worked in china for a while where i needed a visa and was seen as a foreigner and that was one of the most exciting time of my life . 
  depends on your skills i guess . 
  do you know everyone who voted to leave in order to know this or is it an assumption based on your own prejudices ? 
  wha 's bigoted about wanting to be outside the eu ? 
  you could not sound anymore salty . 
  march or april, 
  wow . 
  you should become a political analyst if you 're so sure of the future .
