  did you also predict the braxit result and trump to win ? 
  it was simply a uk wide vote that did n't account for home nation interests . 
  the referendum was n't a national vote but a uk wide vote so it 'll be gb still . 
  yes , i 'm quite pleased . 
  i was worried we 'll end up with a brexit-lite or half in half out where nothing had really changed and contining to have our continental friends annoyed at us for not wanting more integration . 
  unlikely . 
  i favour a hard brexit too and expect a decent and fair trade deal to exist between us . 
  i hightly doubt gdp will change much , the only thing that 'll change is free movment of people but you can still work in the uk if they have skills that are needed and vice versa . 
  well then , you thought wrong . 
  yes because a european animal rights activist will go bullfighting at the weekend or maybe there are over 700 million people in europe and 50 countries who all do different things . 
  based, 
  i did n't know the break down like that but it does make sense based on what i read on there . 
  it is a bit of a sad sub . 
  oh i get the joke . 
  but if you follow the threads posted on that sub you can quite clearly see commentators getting upset and debating the subject as if it 's for real . 
  you can check the sub out for yourself . 
  there was actually one very recently about google not paying any tax . 
  even satirical news gets taken seriously in some places . 
  over in / r/unitedkingdom thedailymash.com is regularly voted to the top of the page and enrages uk commentators with its satirical headline like it 's fact but i think a lot of that has to do with how self loathing that sub is and how they look to be upset of offended . 
  polls in the uk are still showing that people who voted to leave the eu are still standing by their choice . 
   this is quite a dishonest headline . 
  sadly a lot of british press has turned quite partisan lately including and especially the guardian . 
  they do n't shy from twisting stories and facts to suit an agenda that sells to particular audience . 
  the independent , the sun and the telegraph are all playing this game so they should always be taken with a large spoonfull of salt . 
  buuut dad i wanted an ipad * slams down paper calendar *, 
  no , i do n't think so, 
  the eu referendum in the uk has massively divided people , even among friends and family as it 's such a passionate topic here . 
  [ i think we had much more than just a toe in ] ( https://inews.co.uk/explainers/charts/much-uk-pays-eu-much-get-back/ ), 
  he thinks france is too racist . 
  what 's sad is that he does n't realise that the uk is n't any better . 
  [ may and szyd\u0142o stressed that the meeting was about the bilateral relationship between the two countries , covering areas such as defence , but they did discuss brexit , with the status of polish citizens in britain cited as a priority . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/28/poland-pm-beata-szydlo-theresa-may-teaching-polish-uk-schools ) there have been also a few other leaders i 've seen pop up in the press that have demanded clarity on their citizens especially soon after the vote in july . 
   appearance 's sake she has be asked by other leaders to clarify the securuty of their citizens in the uk after brexit . 
  this was what she was doing but was ment with a wall of silence . 
  thanks for the link . 
  you 're thinking of malmo, 
  i ca n't believe how uptight some / r/europe commentators are to be offended by this comment . 
  how could you not understand if the boy was concenting ? 
  he was 10 years old . 
  are there not laws that say minors are unable to concent ? 
   ultimately every people needs to be allowed self-determinism . 
  unless you wish to leave the eu apprantly . 
  stop being a petty child, 
   getting angry at reddit commentators . 
  not good and bad . 
  needed and not needed . 
  he 's against flooding the labour market which causes wage compression and low growth for working class folk . 
  he 's more supportive of worker immigration if we lack skills or are unable to train our own people . 
  we have a shortage of dentists and nurses but not a shortage of construction workers or taxi drivers so we need to change our immigration rules based on that . 
  he wants the eu to be a trading block and for all european countries to be friends . 
  if you wanted to destroy the uk then that 's your opinion and if anything i would be interested in your reasoning and goals . 
  he 's always been supportive of migrants with skills . 
  he joking but usually people with unpopular opinions tend to get down voted and chased away . 
  but to be fair this sub is n't as bad as r/unitedkingdom or r/scotland, 
  the uk is n't one mind . 
  i know farage is n't popular on this sub but i really like and respect the guy . 
  sorry for the unpopular opinion . 
  come to europe for a better life but makes it worse for everyone else . 
  and even makes it worse for those who did n't flee . 
  i do n't see high morality there . 
  there comment history . 
  and every anti brexit story come horror story about the uk economy is filled with romanians with eu flags and irish flags . 
  our attitude towards european integration is fine but should n't be forced . 
  if europe wants to integrate then fine , best of luck to you but obviously it is n't for us as a nation . 
  but then folks like you would never get to vote . 
  yeah i feel the same . 
  the only reason i still pop my head into this sub anymore is to reassure myself to how much they hate us . 
  i just wish the cocaine quality would improve . 
  but obama told us we would be last in the line for trade deals, 
  it 's so funny to watch the brexit butthurt . 
  it 's less of a union and more of `` if you 're not with us , you 're against us '' club . 
  well if the eu is going to `` punish '' the uk for voting to leave the eu it should n't really expect uk to not be competitive . 
  300 new doctors, 
  anything ryanair says should be taken with a bucket of salt . 
  they were very vocal towards remain so scare stories are right up there street . 
  mate , just stop . 
  all this stop brexit news reminds me of hillary supporters who tried to stop trump becoming president after he won . 
  what ? 
  if you want to assert a truth first make sure it 's an opinion you want to believe . 
  how is the uk riddled with corruption ? 
  interestingly though , there is currently a story in newly submitted of a hong kong investment bank setting up it 's european hq in london . 
  unfortunately it 's being downvoted , ca n't imagine why . 
  trump has been known to bodyslam his enemies . 
  what 's the problem with cityam ? 
  they have a good weekday free paper in london in the morning that is pretty reliable and good quality . 
  people keep bashing the tories porn stance but psychologist have been saying for some time that easy access to porn for young people can be quite damaging for boys and girls . 
  both sides of the political spectrum have said it needs to be addressed . 
  people like me ? 
  i do n't bash the eu that much at all . 
  i would just my country be out of it . 
  obese britain . 
   you 're being a prick yes , after being told to `` fuck you '' and called `` selfish '', 
  well does n't that show flaws in the eu if by making it more fair it runs the risk of tearing itself apart ? 
  aww poor you . 
  hold out your cap and i 'll chuck a quid in it . 
   right wing press at a google search media from both sides claimed this including left wing tabloid the mirror and the bbc . 
  no one wants a hard border in ireland and no one will enforce it as we do n't want a return to the troubles . 
  i 've yet to see how a brexit can seriously fuck up ireland . 
  most votes `` fuck up friends and neighbours '' what 's interesting is the article says ...  the british state is steaming towards its third disaster in 15 years , after the iraq war and the financial crisis . 
  like both previous disasters , brexit reveals three enduring flaws in the uk 's workings those other two disasters were under a labour government .
