  i guess if i could be bothered and had the time i could pull up loads of left wing bias posts from this subreddit . 
  as / u/obadiahhakeswill do n't take reddit so seriously . 
  i sure do n't . 
  i guess it 's a matter of perspective , i oftern see lefty articals posted here and it 's welcome along with the non bias and rightwing stuff, 
  i 've been several times but always with work and i never get to do any site seeing or social stuff . 
  i really should go for a long weekend or something, 
  even though i 'm center-right i like a mix of left and right posted on this sub which is what 's happening as it stops it becoming an echo-chamber . 
  try visiting / r/scotland all the posts are pro-snp and farleft and anti-westminster now that 's an echo chamber and they admit it !, 
  in fact the mod kind of enforce it, 
  well i was actually talking to the guy complaining, 
  would you still complain if he/she was posting far left stuff ? 
  the french make me laugh . 
  they deport their roma with bribes , send immigrents back to italy then threaten italy when they offer to give the hordes passes as they are overwhelmed and now now they want to push the border back to dover . 
  it 's obvious no country ( except maybe sweden ) wants these economic migrants and are overwhelmed as it is so why ca n't we just do what australia is doing and pass an eu law that anyone arriving by boat may not apply for refugee status or work visas . 
  i 'm hoping for a grexit . 
  i love the chaos it 'll create . 
  ( and i also hope it 'll lead to a brexit ), 
  i 'm serious . 
  i know some do n't like the tories but they are pro-business , however , if you disagree i would like to hear why as i 'm open to new opinons . 
  they are when it suits them, 
  uk wins again thanks to our pro-business government, 
  i would rather have self determination through democracy and risk some investers getting nervious, 
  welp ... 
  i would rather be killed by a elephant on a rampage than being ran over by a car . 
  bit of a mixxed bag in the uk . 
  a lot of news and media outlets are blatantly pushing a political agenda like the guardian has a strong left bias while on the other side of the coin the daily express is on the right . 
  if you put them all togther i would say there is a slight lean to the left . 
  well ... they 've been trying for the past 100 years, 
  the amount of random local news that gets posted here then they delist that ? 
  sounds like that mod has an agenda, 
  we have a an entire week reserved for belgium !, 
  at least they stopped using the term `` refugees '', 
  i lived on the costa del sol for a couple of years . 
  loads of young brits live there . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  it 'll really come down to the wire and be based on how the talks go . 
  i disagree . 
  the uk govenment is pro-eu save a few backbenchers like you would find in most other countries especially france . 
  the difference is that the uk are actually trying to do something about the way the eu works to suit the uk better . 
  i hope your politicians work for you and your country in the same way . 
  i said no such thing . 
  i implied other countries are in the same situation as the uk . 
  stop looking for reasons to be outraged . 
  it seems for some reason a mod deleted my comment . 
  what i said ( rephrased ) is swedish , french and german muslims could have also joined millitants groups over their armed forces so if you kick the uk out of the eu you 'll have to kick out germany , france and sweden . 
  how did you read that from my comment ? 
  / r/europe has been anti-uk for sometime . 
  expect it to get really hot over the next two years . 
   because regulating porn content and access is clearly an economic policy . 
  tories are the most socially conservative major party on the offer . 
  you should do a little research into the damages of easy to access porn has on young boys and girls equally as well a mature males . 
  lefty politicians are only waking up to this including dinne abbott [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21127073 ) so controling internet porn is far from a conservative only issue . 
  the tories are also left of many left parties from other parts of the world including the us democrats . 
   so what you 're saying is that your views and ideology are incompatible with that of the majority of / r/scotland [ 2 ] regulars ? 
  yet they do not come from a foreign culture or practice an alien religion . 
  that 's a poor example as / r/scotland is a circlejerk with mods and regular users/cybernats who have shapped that subreddit to be such  that is a matter for the police to handle , and i ca n't imagine anybody will stand in the way of that , so long as they target the correct people and have the evidence to back it up . 
  can you need see a patten ? 
  what about how the rape scandal in rotherham and how long carried on for even though it was reported to the police . 
  just because you do n't like the news source does n't mean what they are reporting on is false . 
  i also linked you to a google search . 
  enjoy . 
  but they are not isolated incidents [ source ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2020382/you-entering-sharia-law-britain-as-islamic-extremists-declare-sharia-law-zone-london-suburb-worrying-social-moral-implications.html ) which was the point i was making . 
  just google sharia law zones in the uk, 
  the uk conservatives are economical conseratives not social ones but hurr durr tories are bad because me mum votes labour and told me so !, 
   there is no `` we in the uk '' . 
  there is you , and then there are people who think differently i wrote and i quote `` we in the uk need to be very careful '' i was n't claiming to be a representative of all in the uk but rather what i think the uk , in general need to be . 
  twisting my words to fit your narative is foolish and i do go to / r/scotland sometimes , it 's the most disgusting and incestuous circle jerk on reddit . 
  55 % of people voted `` no '' in their referendum but you would n't know it as most people who have been vocal to that have been chased away , banned or karma bombed to hell . 
   i hear about people wanting harmful radical changes every day , and we 're talking people with actual political power the muslim population is rapidly growing and some areas are almost fully muslim areas so they are gaining actual power . 
  they already have it in some schools and councils where evidence of radicalization has been found . 
  just to point out , i do n't discriminate or do i believe it in but i do believe it 's clear some migrating cultures are incompatible with our way of life . 
  `` want '' leads to many things , when a large group they encourage and support the radicals . 
  we in the uk need to be very careful when such a large number of people move to this country and want to see such radical changes . 
  if that 's your arguement then you can no longer complain when faced with figures of large percentage of peoples wanting harmful radical changes no matter what the subject because `` people want many things '', 
  [ poll reveals 40pc of muslims want sharia law in uk ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html ) yes , 40 % is a minority but not a `` fringe minority of a minority '', 
   there 's no basis to the belief that muslims are intolerant towards the countries and cultures they move to . 
  sharia law zones , muslim faith school refusing to teach evolution , banning haram foods/drinks , making halal food for all in supermarkets , forcing non muslim people out of estates through intimidation , radical teaching in schools , bookshops and mosques , rape gangs because white girls deserve it - to name but a few . 
  i 'm curious . 
  what ever happened to the greek politicians that agreed to join the eurozone before the country was ready and those in power who decided to over spend and borrow ? 
  i wonder if it 's because muslims and roma are the least tolerant towards the countries and cultures they move to ? 
  it 's not a threat . 
  it 's democracy and letting the people decide , it 's also our leaders trying to get the best out of europe for everyone in it . 
  there was an interesting vice artical about how the high demand has led to a much lowered quality since the credit crunch . 
  found it http://www.vice.com/read/london-theres-no-cocaine-in-your-cocaine-940, 
  we can all agree to disagree, 
  we love germany , it 's just a rivalry thing and making jokes about germans is something our comedians have been doing for decades, 
  she also called someone white trash [ source ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=white+trash&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=lejovcaxboyhsagj3ipydg#q=diversity+officer+calls+someone+white+trash&amp;spell=1 ), 
   staying buzzwords that have no meaning makes no impression on me . 
  nothing you just said means anything . 
  nice catch phase taken from the swedish sd . 
  you just said nothing at all . 
  here we go again . 
  what point are you trying to make with that ? 
  in what way ? 
  why so mad ? 
  to be fair the yes side ran an amazing campaign . 
  as someone has said in this thread . 
  you need a cut off point or whould you have mothers vote on behalf of their unborn ? 
  also women not being able to vote ever is oppresion , telling children they ca n't vote until they are young adults is n't . 
  that 's a totally different thing , what a ridiculous retort .
