  as are other opportunities . 
  the company i work for would love to employ a couple of new av techs as well as expand our freelance database, 
   vote the way we want you to or else . 
  nice union mate . 
  ca n't imagine why any county would want to leave . 
  please yes . 
  we 're only embarrassing ourselves every time we enter . 
  i 'm actually a leave voter but still posted it because i found it funny . 
  we should all laugh at ourselves from time to time . 
  i hope people see this as humor rather than a brexit attack . 
  yeah really took me by surprise . 
  even caught a little sun, 
  oh ... can i get something with karma points then ? 
  saw this today and thought some of you might like it . 
  the banking community still held it 's own though . 
  you forgot to start your post with ... dear diary . 
  i hope they protect our safe spaces / s, 
  this sub is meant to hate farage but upvote to the front page anything he says so everyone can enjoy themselves in being outraged . 
  you 're implying all financial services will leave . 
  one person said that and was attacked for it . 
  currency drop and value does n't equal recession . 
  china has a lowered currency but that does n't mean they are in a recession, 
  yes, 
  i actually believe that the british empire is only alive in the minds of europeans who believe it 's in the minds of brits . 
  you forgot a marked increase in manufacturing . 
  but let 's just focus on the negatives as it suits your agenda, 
  i 've heard this before . 
  still waiting for it to become true as our unemployment falls and economy grows . 
  we did have french wine producers hijack spanish transports where they emptied the wine out in protest at their competition but for some reason people were not too upset until a british supermarket suggested we buy british . 
  despite what you think of both of those people and what actually happened , the headline should warn you that you 're about to read a very biased story . 
  probably not . 
  we 'll still need to import and ireland probably the best bet for us still . 
  not really a flaw . 
  just want to support home made products like many other countries . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with this . 
  i actually support it . 
  we 're going through a tricky time and need to support british products at home . 
  maybe if european companies lose some trade they 'll see how important trade with the uk is . 
  having said that , i do n't really see it catching on . 
  rubbish . 
  if the eu wants to survive then it needs to be desirable to stay , not scary to leave . 
  what damage ? 
  britain hoists the middle finger 2 feet higher . 
  so what ? 
  juncker does n't like brexit , too bad for him that it 's happening . 
  it 's a conveyor belt of headlines from eu leaders telling us how bad they think it 's going to be, 
  i think they did admit to goofing up immigration . 
  peter mandelson has admitted several times on tv that labour got it horribly wrong and that the government way underestimated the number of poles that would arrive in the uk . 
  was n't one of the major factors behind the vote to leave immigration ? 
  maybe the government feels it 's our only choice to control those entering the country . 
  besides , we have n't left the eu yet so all bets are off until the deals have been signed . 
  who knows what the final outcome will be . 
  okey well the british media is n't the government and i 'm not claiming the calls for a referendum was only due to public demand but a large proportion of it was . 
  even labour leader corbyn has been a eurosceptic through out most of his career - 35 % of labour voted to leave and 32 % of lib-dems also voted to leave plus 61 % of conservatives voted to leave even though the party policy was to remain [ source ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/06/27/how-britain-voted/ ) so i would n't really put it all down to dave fighting with his party . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i do n't believe the government ever blaimed the eu for any of its problems , that was done by those not in power . 
  the government sometimes criticised the eu but all eu governments have done at some point . 
  i also do n't believe holding a rederendum was stupid as obviously there was a desire to hold one hense the large turnout and final outcome . 
  makes dumb comments then calls others uneducated retards wew lad, 
  how is the british government 's handling of it stupid ? 
  we voted to leave so the government is honouring the outcome . 
  what in your opinon should the british government be doing ? 
  have you seen some of the comments in this thread ? 
  stop all logic !, 
  this is an anti-uk thread . 
  pathetic childish comment . 
  maybe learn why the uk did this before having a knee jerk reaction . 
  it 's all subject to change based on trade deals getting done in time as well as the subject of visa travel . 
  a few that spring to mind is 23 % of tourism to spain comes from the uk and tourism is spains main drive to growth . 
  poland is the largest recever to eu fund of which the uk is a major contributor , also money sent from poles in the uk back to poland add up to almost # 1bn per year . 
  the uk is germany 's 3rd largest trading partner and imports $ 95.1 billion ( 7.1 % ) of german products . 
  ( the us and france coming 1st and 2nd - china 4th ) we 're france 's 5th largest trading partner ( united kingdom : $ 34.8 billion ( 7.1 % ), 
  i 'm very much for the idea of a united ireland and i hope it eventually leads to the uk having less financial responsibility towards it, 
   being this paranoid, 
  i think you need to take your own advice based on how much you 're on reddit compared to the poster you 're replying to . 
  and here comes one of several irish posters who are hopelessly obsessed with the uk and can be found in most uk subs talking about us . 
  that 's rich coming from russia, 
  good guys today , bad guys tomorrow ( when the newest brexit stroy breaks ), 
  lol what ? 
  maybe they are not as awful as reddit and the the independent tells you, 
  it 's a general election , not a second eu referendum, 
  oh good . 
  if / r/unitedkingdom was n't depressing enough already now we 're going to have months of over the top tory bashing and lib dem worship followed by months of butthurt over the eventual tory win . 
  well i do got the costa del sol once a year . 
  have friends who live there so only need flights . 
  surprised uk is so high . 
  what an odd thing to get triggered by, 
  i 'm in favour of the wold cup being in russia . 
  in times of tentions between russia and the west sport can go a long way to ease them . 
   `` our new citizens showing their worth . 
  if this is the future of europe , we can all rest assured . '', 
  how is that comment linked to race ? 
  this is madness . 
  something has to break very soon . 
  this situation is not sustainable . 
  you basicly just said `` u mad '' in a longer way . 
  now it 's clear i 'm dealing with a fool . 
  jesus christ , the swedish sd are not even far right . 
  maybe the some insane far left liberal sweds they are but not on the world stage . 
  this is not a far right thread . 
  skimming through your history i would guess you 're a liberal left winger ( assuming ) and the cry from both sides of the political spectrum is that the side they support is under represented in media .
