   british people and their feeling of ` cultural superiority ' ... 
  i never implied anything like that . 
  i know british food leaves something to be desired - i 'll admit that when we go to france or spain the food blows us away but someplaces less so . 
  that does n't mean sweden is n't beautiful in its own way, 
  mate , i travel all over europe with my work ( theatrical lighting ) including sweden . 
  no offence but i would pick british food over swedish food anyday as would the cast and crews i travel with . 
  how can the british wipe out the camp when it 's on french soil ? 
  you 're right though . 
  male culture is high risk but high reward . 
  when talking about gender inequality we 're oftern shown men at the top but what some fail to see is the large amount of men at the bottom . 
  more than one million have arrived in germany and i do n't think you 're aware of the facts . 
  can you give an example of how this rehabilitation works ? 
  more likely over ran . 
  when a million plus new people enter ones country who are mostly men and unemployed there is a fair chance internal security becomes an even bigger challenge . 
  seriously , if you think sacking a portion of the police force will improve things then you 're insane, 
  does that include all those who came to sweden before the cut off date or just any new arrivels after april ? 
  time will tell how effective this will be . 
  do n't be surprised if by the summer of 2016 we read how another 250k have entered sweden by family reunification or false papers . 
  wow . 
  i 'm impressed . 
   we get lumped in with the rest of the uk do you know what `` uk '' means ? 
  yes . 
  not bad considering we forced opium on them . 
  twice . 
   never forget the customary jab at france . 
  never forget , a uk posative thread is n't complete without a bitter post from a frenchman . 
  what was he fleeing from senegal ? 
  i know , i believe you . 
  i think mainland europe will look very different in 10 or 15 years , i hope the uk actually gets to leave the eu . 
  having said that i 'm glad we do n't have the same gun problems the us have . 
  while i 'm sure it 's fun to shoot for sport i would rather not have guns everywhere . 
  i would rather have the problem of having to deal with millions of migrants than a native population armed to the teeth . 
  ofc the us has both . 
  i know . 
  i sort of implied that . 
  you can still be shadowbanned for spamming and vote manipulation as far as u know . 
  give them safety from war zones and persecution and they 'll hate you for it . 
  maybe for most of them they were n't as persecuted as we 're led to believe and maybe they were sold a false european dream, 
  when playing the blame game always start with yourself . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  interestingly and slightly worrying a read an article from local.se that sweden used to have a female majority population up until recently and now has a male majority purely down to immigration . 
  edit , the link . 
  i see no problem with this . 
  those on the iran side do n't have to drink it . 
  both sides need to be tolerant and accepting of each others cultures . 
  pretty much . 
  you 've never heard the term `` going dutch '' ? 
  most likely dclauzel . 
  he gets seriously salty on uk topics and is on reddit 24/7, 
  the uk as a union and the eu are two wildly different unions that run very different so there is no hypocrisy or irony here at all . 
  that would be awesome . 
  but it really is n't . 
  i love poles but i want out of the eu as do many others in the uk . 
  this . 
  leaving/staying in the eu as a decision does n't come even close as inviting half the middle east and africa into your country . 
  i never implied otherwise . 
  so you know better than all those disagree with you ? 
  so are you saying you know more about the eu than literally everyone who wants to leave including mps and meps who want to leave ? 
  good . 
  those camped out in calais are breaking the law of france and the uk as they are migrants posing as refugees and causing chaos in both countries . 
  i just wish france would move them on with the uks assistance ( but not to the uk ), 
  merkel is a snake in the grass . 
  she has ` backed ' us before then changed her mind at the last minute . 
  but scottish people living outside of scotland did n't get to vote last september, 
   so do n't worry too much ... even if they would be elected . 
  and this advice is how europe falls down . 
  if they get elected ... worry !, 
  nothing i said was antisemitic . 
  my girlfriend who i 'm engaged to is jewish . 
  it is true however that a large portion of the jewish community within popular media are extremely pro immigration and pro multiculturalism yet they only seem to be bothered when it effects them directly, 
   it reminds me of a dictatorship . 
  this is not democracy , '' he told radio24syv . 
  that 's what you want . 
  kind of funny how jewish activists and left leaning jewish journalists have pushed for more and more multiculturalism for decades and now suddenly it 's not such a good idea . 
  i would rather closer ties with democracies like japan . 
  my country sometimes feels like a whore or gold digger fawning after the biggest and richest countries around, 
   `` many muslims are refusing treatment by female staff . 
  relations between the staff and migrants are going from bad to worse . 
   `` since last weekend , migrants going to the hospitals must be accompanied by police with k-9 units . 
   `` many migrants have aids , syphilis , open tb and many exotic diseases that we , in europe , do not know how to treat them . 
   `` if they receive a prescription in the pharmacy , they learn they have to pay cash . 
   `` this leads to unbelievable outbursts , especially when it is about drugs for the children . 
   `` they abandon the children with pharmacy staff with the words : ` so , cure them here yourselves ! ', 
  so the police are not just guarding the clinics and hospitals , but also large pharmacies . '', 
  i do n't think britain will be next thanks to germany showing us how bad it can get . 
  australia or nz, 
  ofc it 's a stupid move . 
  if the uk leaves poland will receve less money to spend on its infrastructure . 
  then it 's kind of ironic that poland receves so much from the eu then criticises the uk for wanting to leave a union that has done so well for poland . 
  what is really behind all this crazy anti-gay agenda russia keep pushing ? 
  i think they use it to distract people, 
  being able to make your own trade agreements without the eu is global . 
  retaking control of ones country and out of the hands of european bureaucrats is pure leadership . 
  finally . 
  i can agree with someone who 's french . 
  this . 
  sweden would n't have a migration problem is they heavily limited numbers years ago . 
  now they want the rest of europe to pay . 
  letting in 800,000 creates more problems than it could ever solve . 
  the uk gives more money than any other country to support un camps ...
