  i would rather see britain as a close ally of the eu rather than part of it . 
  the break can only be used if we can prove a strain on services and then the majority of eu members need to agree for it to be used for a limited time . 
  well i think part of the new deal is the uk has more sovereign power and control , not control when the majority of eu members tell us it 's okay . 
  it 's not xenophobic to want greater control of ones nation but it 's easy to brandish one as a xenophobe when you do n't agree with them . 
  i read about it on the bbc . 
  it 's nothing but words on paper . 
  an `` emergency brake '' which requires a majority to agree with . 
  totally pointless . 
  the eu just gave david cameron something usless so he can claim we 're making progress . 
  so if your people migrate to another country on mass then the home country refuses to take them back ... that is an invation . 
  these countries want to see an islamification of europe , it is fully in their interest . 
  exciting !, 
  i feel it 's not for the uk but seems like a great idea for the european mainland . 
  oh do n't worry . 
  that evidence can be buried up and ignored then anyone bringing it up can be shamed into silence . 
  the gates are shut to them as we 're not in the schengen . 
  however , france can return them to the last eu country they entered from but sadly france has decided to wash their hands of them in an attempt to make them a british problem which they are not since they are on french soil . 
  we control those gates, 
  oh no that 's awful . 
  let 's allow them all into the uk so they can use the nhs / s, 
  i bet france is glad it pulled out of the eurofighter project . 
  god forbid corbyn ever got into power . 
  i know we talk about labour being unelectable but if the tories keep doing a bad job voters may decide to flee leaving room for a labour , snp and other coalition . 
  i totally agree which is why i think the uk is best outside of a europe that is being rushed into somesort of federalisation, 
  i think you 're right . 
  it 's in the best interests for the current eu in terms of integration if the uk left because there is no way we 'll come full members . 
  britain has always had 1st class human rights . 
  there is no reason why we ca n't continue with this outside the eu and not making judgments on migrants in france . 
  but you need to follow the european court of human rights if you 're in the eu . 
  exit the eu and they have no authority over your country . 
   european court of human rights, 
  well if this does n't make us vote to quit the eu i do n't know what will . 
  i believe ths was the plan along , to import millions of people to ` fix ' birthrates and have cheap labour . 
  they did n't plan isis and war in syria but they sure took advantage of it while telling citizens it was their duty to help them, 
  most likely an activist group behind this . 
  open borders or someone , this could be quite cruel as it may get the hopes up of many people only to have them dashed . 
  i get what you 're saying but most , maybe all of human history has been somewhat questionable . 
  you can talk about how nice stonehenge is and forget that at somepoint human sacrifices took place there . 
  people like to have an identity . 
  it 's human nature . 
  britain was the first to abolish slavery . 
  that 's something to be proud of seeing as slavery has happened through out human history and continues to happen today . 
   uk wanting just trade union with rest of eu is unfair to the poorer members . 
  so the rest of the world wanting to trade with the eu is unfair to its poorer members ? 
  so what 's the ratio now ? 
  for every one arrest of sexual assult you get 200 arrested for protesting the sexual assults . 
   materazzi he 's not french though, 
  i think he was more of an attacking midfielder . 
  maybe more of a thierry henry, 
  i 'm sure militant strikers do n't help . 
  morocco is a war zone ? 
  shit , better call off the package holiday . 
  some have friends/family in the uk but mostly they 've been fed tails that everyone is happy in the uk and you can have a good life . 
  grass is greener on the other side and all that . 
  the independent is owned by russian oligarch [ alexander lebedev ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexander_lebedev ) who also owns papers in russia critical of russian political and social affairs . 
  while that may be a positive his group seems critical of any socity . 
  he seem like a russian george soros and would love to see no borders in europe . 
  it 'll be a bunch of pro-refugee brits throwing themselves in front of bulldozers, 
  so that 's why they call it the emerald isle, 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/qxmpvwy ) picture . 
  finnish cats ? 
  the red area in london will most likely be golders green . 
  very jewish area , very wealthy and has some nice jewish restaurants . 
  interestingly , they also have their own security/police called [ shomrim ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shomrim_%28neighborhood_watch_group%29 ) which patrol the area . 
  how would they react if i walk up and just stood between two of them or in the shelter ? 
  one child had an epileptic fit soon after the window was smashed . 
  not reported here but it is on other news sites . 
  i wonder what caused the migrants to do this ? 
  and i wonder if it 's more common . 
  we 're only hearing about this one because the coach was carrying children . 
  hello . 
  i 've looked by can not find it posted . 
  can you please link me the thread so i may partake in the discussion, 
  i still go to spain every year but much less likely to take day trips to morocco, 
  i would rather we win it . 
  having an extra 1 % on gdp or saying your economy grew and extra 0.2 % due to immigration may look fancy on a spread sheet but during a time of cuts to social services and a housing crisis an increase in population seems like a bad idea . 
  this is really scary . 
  the lest credit crunch really screwed me over big time . 
  it 's taken me years to get back up to 2007 levels . 
  russia is trying to build its population up siberia . 
  in fact you might be able to get some free land http://siberiantimes.com/business/others/news/n0329-russia-gives-away-one-hectare-of-farmland-and-forest-to-its-citizens/ so lets see what you 're made of . 
  many people are like that but they get labeled as racists and every other ` ism . 
  it 's a weapon used to belittle those who have a different opinion, 
  what do n't you get ? 
  democracy ? 
  great article . 
  do n't be fooled by the title . 
  i feel awful for the husband . 
  betrayed by his wife and almost lost him son . 
  so sad . 
   random it was new years eve . 
  this is the tip of the ice burg and over the next decade the migrant flow will be much greater from africa and the middle east . 
  unless we have a clear policy towards migration , one which greatly reduces numbers coming in we 're doomed and so is the eu . 
  stiff upper lip . 
  kek, 
  personally i liked zac goldsmith more but both men are highly competent so either way london wins . 
  maybe they can get a job at amazon, 
  verious theater companies , serveral bands and the odd corporate event over the years . 
  i came here to ask the same thing, 
  i think there is a slight difference in scottish food and english food and maybe even how far down south you go .
