  why ca n't you wait ? 
  why do you desire to see the uk fail ? 
   and in the same breath , all those neighboring detractors ( uk , russia , etc. ), 
  will help to make eu-members more unified so what are you bloody complaining about then if a brexit helps your cause . 
  hilarious this subs , complains about british attitude in the eu then complains when we want to leave . 
  you 're so right . 
  once the uk is gone the eu will transform into a eutopia . 
  it was those pesky ~ ~ jews ~ ~ brits holding europe back all along . 
  it does n't imply that . 
  that 's what you read it to be . 
   indigenous there is a fairly straght forward definition of that word you know . 
  [ indigenous ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=indigenous&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=u8bmv93gnolv8af_2bqqcq ), 
  the independent has really gone over the top with sensationalist headlines lately . 
  they are becoming on par with other nameless sites which are banned from this sub . 
  they are an insult to journalistic integrity despite which side of the fence you sit on . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure of the rules in england but it is possable to purchase alcohol 24/7 in some places . 
  i live in east london where we have many shops open around the clock selling alcohol . 
  it must depend on licence and area . 
  however i do know rules change depending on region like in scotland alcohol can not be sold past 10 o'clock other than pubs and clubs . 
  that 's a funny gap between greece and germany/austria . 
  guess you can tell who the refugees are and who the economic migrants are . 
   the uk in no way helps with the euro bailout . 
  why should we assist with the euro bailout when we 're not in the eurozone ? 
  mate . 
  prosecco is italian white sparkling wine . 
   prosecco farmers in the uk what ? 
  that was a quick [ godwin 's law ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin%27s_law ) moment, 
   concerned citizens that occasionally shout `` deutschland den deutschen -- ausl\u00e4nder raus '' while throwing stones at emergency vehicles . 
  according to the artical it was the migrents who throw objects at the police . 
  not the citizens . 
   i bet you could also say that those who burned refugee asylums were merely trying to get rid of `` pests '' or the crumbling infrastructure . 
  do n't like what someone has written ? 
  accuse them of an even greater crime . 
  i 'm not sure how i would feel tbh . 
  there were some army lads on the course doing it for half price but then they did a min of 10 years service so fair play to them but to hand it out for free seems a bit too much . 
  personally i found level 2 fairly easy but even tho i aced that and have over a decade experience as a lighting tech i found the level 3 tough and the assignments a struggle . 
  some of the fault finding and inspection and testing can really trip you up if you 're not on top of your game . 
  yeah . 
  i did my 2365 level 2 and 3 plus regs over 8 months and it cost me # 7000 . 
  and then that does n't include all the testing certificates one needs or the cost of tools . 
  not an easy trade to walk into . 
  okay ... 
  why would it be wrong for farage to get german passports for his kids ? 
  maybe they wanted them ? 
  it was be unethical to farage to force his politics onto his children, 
  huh ? 
  how was it not elected because i remember voting for them . 
  the arguing in this thread between nations just show how difficult defense policy for the eu is going to be . 
  i hope you guys realise this is click bait . 
  that 's the new direction the guardian is heading in after losing fortunes at selling papers . 
  i do n't think those down votes are salty . 
  people might just be sick of the usual european poster dismissing polls they do n't like because it does n't support their view that the uk should split up . 
   you just have to see the regrexits the day after the referundum this is a bit of a myth mate . 
  as already stated polls show that that those who voted to leave stand by it . 
  i know what you 're talking about tho . 
  the media was desperate for us to remain and was in shock so dragged up a few chumps who said they regret their vote in front of a tv camara . 
  his biggest mistake was running against his brother, 
  so what is n't a racist approach to solving calais ? 
  i hope our courts make an example of them like we did to protesters of the london riots because they are not going anywhere based on the stupid demands they 're making, 
  how is it irony though ? 
  do n't worry . 
  the expert commentators from this sub will reassure us that once the troublesome countries leave the eu will become a eutopia because reasons . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  make people take responsibility for their own health first . 
  how would those streets change in an independent scotland ? 
  also interestingly more money is spent on scots per person than anyone else in the uk so those junkies can get methadrone rather than herion, 
  they are being sent into the sea by their own parents who are then willing to move back when europe does n't meet their very high expectations . 
  this is going to trigger a few commentators from this sub . 
  absolutely i do . 
  looking forward to it . 
  i wonder if they took into account the approaching summer holiday season . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  i wonder where essex sits then . 
  surprised to see kent over oxford or edinburgh or a few other places in the uk, 
   of course the economy is going to do good for now . 
  actually there was a prediction that the shock of the vote would send the uk into a recession . 
  but the predictions were wrong . 
  i guess we should expect to see the population rise every summer . 
  iraq should revoke their immunity, 
  you should probably avoid that sub unless you like far left circlejerks, 
  even when the pound was strong some places within airports were exchanging 1 for 1 so not really surprised . 
  one should always plan ahead and get the best rates from their bank . 
  the independent with a sensationalist headline ?? 
  well colour me surprised, 
  haha no they were not . 
  commentators were absolutely creaming themselves over the short term shock news and gloomy predictions . 
   howard archer of ihs global insight said that the uk economy showed `` impressive resilience in the run-up to the eu referendum and the immediate aftermath of the vote to leave '' . 
   what will the uk do after 5 years , will they have a referendum again ? 
  we 'll just have to work through the challenge . 
  that 's part of being elected , following the correct prosess . 
  sorry i wo n't submit to your opinon of may being an unelected prime minister . 
  nope . 
  she followed the correct electoral prosess, 
  a single vote was n't cast because all runners except her pulled out . 
  you ca n't really have an election with one persons name on a ballot paper . 
  however there would have been a vote if someone stayed in the leadership race . 
  this was your orignal comment  also , is may gon na serve a full term ? 
  ironic , considering how brits complained about eu officials being unelected . 
  you implied may 's postion was gained through means that do n't require her to be elected . 
  this is false .
