  highly educated workers will stay if there work stays , they 'll go if their work goes . 
  your country is like 99 % white and you can only name your child a government approved name which excludes names like muhammad so do n't come here and give it the big one . 
  well that 's a totally different matter and going way off topic . 
  a proper reason is that no one was living there or had a claim to the place so we moved in . 
  it was uninhabited . 
  the only people who were displaced were penguins . 
  the age of missiles has been around for ages . 
  aircraft carriers do n't just swan around by themselves , they have a fleet of ships with them that carry the best anti-missile defences in the world . 
  it 's size and the amount of jets it can carry . 
  it was n't too long ago that we needed a carrier to defend a british island . 
  skullcrusher and one other i forget the name of since its been many years, 
  i 've always noticed a lot of swedes on the internet . 
  when i used to play online games like wow it felt like every 3rd person was swedish . 
  i do n't think there is anything wrong with wanting to protect one 's sovereignty . 
  humans have fort wars just to protect it and we even see it in europe today like in scotland and catalonia , then to dismiss it as just `` muh sovereignty '' shows little understanding for how groups of people feel . 
   why is everyone in this thread so angry ? 
  this sub every time an eu institution is rejected . 
  they are nationalists on a larger scale . 
  sanctions do n't work . 
  they 'll just double down, 
  what a massive u turn on secularism turkey has done . 
  the bank is n't leaving . 
  read the artical . 
  losing jobs while unemployment falls . 
  interesting times . 
   it is a joke or is it ? ... 
  of course it is . 
  maybe . 
  this was fated to happen . 
  drivers have been saying for ages that a death will happen and now these migrants are setting up road blocks . 
   happened almost at the same time no it did n't . 
  it happened around 10pm saturday night and the news broke soon after . 
  this was posted around 2am sunday night . 
  that 's an american excuse, 
  i think he 's great . 
  one of the best mps in westminster, 
  not sure i would call it rescued . 
  more like picked up . 
  because it 's summer time . 
  love it !, 
  [ yes we are ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/politics/labours-new-kensington-mp-was-on-housing-scrutiny-committee-a3566661.html ), 
  it 's a labour local authority . 
  there are several threads today talking about the uk staying in the eu with comments laughing at uk losing its perks but i should point out that all this noise about the uk staying is coming from europe , not the uk . 
  we are leaving . 
  this seems like madness . 
  independent leaders encouraged more refugees to come then use the eu to enforce distribution . 
  it just shows that certern can dictate eu policy . 
  i knew someone would drop brexit into this and it was only the 3rd newest comment . 
  these negotiations seem like a waste of time anyway . 
  we 're not going to pay the 100 billion and the eu is n't going to negotiate trade until that is settled . 
  it 's going to be 19 months of not agreeing to anything . 
  he 's not in power so you do n't know, 
  so will most leaders . 
  us straining ties by asking countries to pay their 2 % gdp towards military ? 
  post about them then . 
  because it effects all of europe . 
  i live in stratford and see tall tower blocks popping up all the time so i can believe it . 
  when we did this we got called ` the nasty country ', 
  the graph in the artical does n't seem like a good sample size . 
  it 's over one year and even has a huge spike in january 2017 , its dip is only over 4 months . 
  also from the artical ...  the uk is still the most popular destination in europe among jobseekers , with 33.8 pc of all searches , but that is down from 37.2 pc last year . 
  the tv ? 
  you should wish the eu to be a very attractive place to stay rather than scary to leave otherwise it 's a union built on fear . 
  i heard germany is hiring . 
  5 years seems a little light of torture and rape . 
  believe it or not . 
  `` brexit people '' have different opinions and number more than one person . 
  exiting the eu might help us do that . 
  with all that comes with migrating to another country that does n't seem like a big deal to me . 
  if i were moving to the us and was expected to pay something similar i would n't lose too much sleep over it ? 
  what sort of issues do you have ? 
  i work for a production company and we employ a few south africans who have n't really had any negative issues on settling here, 
  jean-claude juncker is head of this lobby group . 
  i think most leave voters , myself included , knew we were going to take an economic hit so it 's expected and so far has n't been so bad especially as we have the lowest unemployment since the 70s, 
  yeah . 
  that 8 year old girl totally had it coming / s, 
  actual title ( although not much better ) `` record 60 % of britons in poverty are in working families -- study '', 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess if it was a problem we would hear more about it . 
  if you 're not voting by post you just turn up and tell them your name and address . 
  it 's the type of place that grows on you . 
  it has tonnes to offer but you just need to know where to look . 
  if you 're passing through then you 're going to miss 99.9 % of what the city offers . 
  the union flag is at half mast . 
  i wonder what day the picture was taken . 
  bloody awful . 
  the mods have blocked images so pretty much blocked fun . 
  it 's a massive circlejerk of bigots in that they are totally intolerant of other opinions . 
  i know i should n't but i ca n't help but laugh at this ...  berlin and paris are refusing to pay more to cover the uk 's departure , while those governments who receive the most from eu funds are opposed to any cuts in spending . 
  too radical . 
  sadly . 
  i 'm all for protecting the environment but i do n't see why being politically for the environment means you also need to be radically left . 
  what ? 
  if i had edited my post it would of said so . 
  why do i think you wrote all that ? 
  because you did n't read my original post correctly and felt like a rant . 
  nice little rant but i clearly said i wanted uk and eu folk employed before non eu, 
  i 'm very happy about this . 
  we should be employing from the uk and eu first . 
  but it says non eu which allows for immigration .
