  we are europe 's consumers, 
  yes you do if you 're within the eu, 
  gambas pil pil from spain, 
  human side ? 
  humans have always protected their tribes , cultures and countries . 
  being concerned about mass immigration from an incompatible culture is very human . 
  yeah . 
  there are some ridiculous reactions in this thread . 
  you should have seen his face when he lost thanet during the general election . 
  i know it wo n't happen but i would love to see scotland vote to leave by a few % just to see the look on sturgeon 's face . 
  the uk is one of the eu 's best customers , we have a huge trade deficit with europe so i ca n't see the eu making trade difficult just to say `` i told you so '', 
   let alone if they start deporting poles no one is getting deported . 
  people in the country will be allowed to stay . 
  and for the rest of it you 're just speculating as the votes has n't taken place yet or the negotiations, 
  the uk loves europe but a lot of people including myself would rather have a relationship based on trade and mutual cooperation rather than ever closer union . 
  it 's great that europeans want to be a federalised union and i hope they get it some day but i would rather see the uk outside of that and be a close ally to the eu . 
  i never implied such a thing . 
  everyone knows a brexit has risks but to surgest 1/3 of business will leave is scaremongering, 
  actual words used were ...  would consider moving jobs out of the country following a vote to leave the european union i 'm always reading in the paper about firms `` considering '' moving jobs out of the country . 
  hsbc just considered moving their hq out of the country . 
  companies are always looking for the best opportunities and consider moving hq or jobs around all the time reguardless . 
   yes , we know that some brits do n't want to mix with snooty continentals and their awful brown immigrants . 
  please stop with this meme shit . 
  london is one of the most multicultural places in europe and i 've lived here since the mid 90 's and have no plans on leaving . 
  wanting to exit the eu is n't about distancing ourselves with foreigners , the uk and especially london has always opened its arms to skilled peoples from over seas . 
  well would n't that devalue the union if it could decide to kick countries out because they decided to seek a better deal . 
   why should n't they also have a say ? 
  so what happens if the rest of the eu decides to not let the uk leave , the uk is forced to stay in a union ? 
   the uk ca n't just be allowed to throw a tantrum when it feels like it seeking a better deal is not throwing a tantrum , it 's seeking the best deal for ones country . 
  the eu could have just said `` no dice '' but it did n't . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but one would hope your leaders constantly seek the best for your people . 
  the only ones getting called bitter are the ones leaving bitter comments . 
  this new deal agreed with all member states was just that . 
  do n't be bitter . 
  it could be good for the uk and the european mainland , we would still be allies, 
  too soon imo but then i 'm hoping for a brexit and feel our best chance will be after the summer . 
  one of the tabs read `` german slut punished '' which is a bit unfortunate considering recent events, 
  how do you figure ? 
  i actually prefer the french style . 
  luckly i do n't shop at tesco . 
   if they could they would ship their whole island to the east coast of the us . 
  this is accurate , or maybe off the coast of australia, 
  i was n't blaming any party or pm in particular . 
  all of them under invested in key areas, 
   has under invested , for the past 6 years more like the last 20 years . 
  israel does n't help its cause by behaving like a violent bully towards palestinians which have included war crimes , even my exgirlfriend 's father who was jewish was deeply shocked at the attack on palestine a couple of years ago . 
   ` splendid isolation ' . 
  a brexit has never been about isolation , i wish this meme would die . 
  it feels like it 's being used to shame those who want out of the eu . 
  the idea that we want or will be in isolation is absurd to the extreme . 
  look at all those countries not in the eu ( excpet north korea ) do you see them isolated ? 
  if you spend any time on here you 'll come across many posters giving good reasons for staying and going . 
  there are a few regular posters on this sub who offer good arguements for leaving but being a fast moving sub you 're not always going to find them in every brexit thread . 
  yes , we brits must do what we 're told . 
  as others have said it 's testing responce times but russia often show it on tv so it 's a sort flexing of muscles and show of strength from an inscure nation . 
  i do n't think sanctions should be lifted until we get to the bottom of the passenger plane that was shot down . 
  `` history will prove me right '' seems to always be the last line of defence , tony blair said the same thing about the iraq war . 
  i work as a lighting technician and travel to paris all the time to work on conferences and i see migrants every where . 
  more so than london . 
  i guess as a london homeowner i should feel good about this but really i feel this is a bubble which is going to have another devastating effect . 
  i like the way she comes out with the same old script all these types do once they hit the media . 
  it 's almost like they 've been coached `` just make yourself out to be the biggest victim the second you open your mouth and stick to the script , admit no wrong doing ! '', 
  looks like something out of a fantasy drawing !, 
  great !, 
  i have this week off . 
  i do n't see a ` project panic ' in your link . 
  rees-mogg makes excellent points that we need to move forward carefully so we remain friends with european leaders in the event of an exit and that histroy has shown that we can make it outside of a greater union . 
  but you 're right , we need to know all the facts which i believe will be fairly balanced , it 'll just come down to the number of people who see themselves as british or european . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to prove but thanks for that link , it was a slice of an intellectual debate and i urge everyone reading this to open it . 
  is this part of `` project-panic '' ? 
  and proud of it !, 
  for enemy i would say iran , for rival i would say germany . 
  enemy and rival being two seprate things . 
  as the scottish referendum kicked off polls showed those voting to stay in the union as a large majority . 
  then as the govenments project-fear began those polls shrank to almost 50/50 another form of project-fear will just bite them in the arse and as someone planning to vote to leave i hope they do . 
  during the labour blair government in the uk they encouraged huge numbers of noneu immigration believing they would vote labour . 
   rome has also indicated that it is relaxed with countries like britain limiting their engagement with the eu to essentially being part of a large free trade area sounds promising, 
   stay or leave , just get it over already you people keep saying this in every thread . 
  there needs to be a vote first !, 
  you ca n't just leave over night . 
  in the meantimes this is news that effects europe so you 'll read about it in this sub ... or not if you simply decide to ignore these threads . 
  no it wo n't . 
  the agreement between uk and france is separate from the eu . 
  it 's all bluff and bluster, 
  this is in people 's opinion according to polls . 
  not based on any sort of evidence . 
  personally i think we have a mix of left and right wing press which sort of balances it out . 
  sadly though there is very little unbiased news source . 
  the guardian and their writers are very fickle, 
  what about collecting child benefits when your children are in another country ? 
  ca n't have nations with differing opinions , that would awful . 
  you would get a citizenship even if we left . 
  britain has never turned away skilled and talented europeans . 
  it 's a shame because people who are homeless are usually the most vulnerable people , if you 're homeless in a country like germany then you most likely suffer from addiction and/or mental health problems . 
  they are a no borders activist group . 
  do n't try to slander another group because you do n't like them . 
  it really shows how a genuine refugee movement has been totally hijacked by opportunist migrents . 
  it 's fair to want to reduce immigration when immigration is high , it is not xenophobic or racist , britain has always opened its arms to migration in modern times but just not to this magnitude . 
  the eu is not going to agree a limit on free movment of people so britain is left trying to reduce the pull factor this country has . 
  personally i see targeting benefits as weak but then i 'm more for a uk exit .
