  at least if we do leave we can still be friends and good trading buddies plus you can run europe as you please . 
  this is interesting because syria 's armed forces are having to abondon entire towns to isis because they are short of 70000 fighters who have ran off to europe and are now spread too thin . 
  those subs you do n't like act as a containment . 
  if they were banned the posters would all come here leaving you rather [ triggered ], 
  `` never mind that . 
  think of the boost to the economy !, 
  they will pay for pensions ect ... '' / s, 
   only european migrants with jobs lined up should be allowed in to the uk, 
  ofc he did n't . 
  he just gave a knee jerk reaction like most users do . 
  there is a difference between isolationism and having sensible & sustainable migration . 
   itt : europeans using a 100 year old piece of history to get their anti-uk hate on . 
  i guess we 're going to have to agree to disagree . 
  refugees and migration is a hot topic for me and i tend to watch to watch numbers and gender ratio . 
  i 've yet to see a ratio where families are even let alone where men are a minority . 
  also the press loves to show pictures of families over 100s of men as people tend to make a more emotional attachment, 
  do you have any sources on the numbers of women and children coming first or is it something you feel to be true ? 
  every time you 're given a ratio on a movment of people the men always out number the women and children by some vast number, 
  so where did all the women and children go ? 
  i do n't remember seeing any news where the majority of migrants wer n't mostly men, 
  if you say so , sweden, 
  ofc , but the context of my reply was that if most are men then it would imply the situation is syria is n't to dire if the women and children are staying behind . 
  you do realize that the vast majority of syrians crossing into europe are men right ? 
  this site never fails to amaze me with the types of random subs one can find, 
  amazing what a bit of elbow greece can do, 
  ever since the snp gained power the scots are making a lot of decisions based on knee jerk reaction . 
  not really . 
  only if the bubble is too big . 
  a lot of times the prices normalize . 
  currentlly the bubble in the uk is n't too big and it 's mostly overseas investors who 'll lose . 
  yep , house prices . 
  luckly for me i own my 2 bed flat in east london and i 've seen the value go up by # 100k in two years . 
  even thought i might be rubbing my hands togther i really feel bad for those looking to rent . 
  i rent out my second bedroom to a close friend for # 250 per month all in who happens to be the best tennent one can ask for as he 's always away with work . 
  i really do n't care what my flat is worth , i 'm just happy to have my own place - i would be fine with its value dropping as long as it was in line with everything else . 
   camp of the saints i 've read the wikipedia about the book and jean raspail and found nothing to suggest anything malicious . 
  he seems like an intellectual who has genuine concerns about large immigration and the fact that he wrote camp of saints in 1973 would tell you he has some foresite . 
  in fact it goes back to my past post that shows people like to scream ` racism ' rather than have a sensible conversation as seen here ...  was sued by international league against racism and anti-semitism on the grounds of `` incitement to racial hatred '' , but the action was turned down by the court on 28 october . 
  now grow up and try to debate rather than spin off little bits of spam . 
  if you really ca n't handle the topic then maybe you should go to bed . 
  adults are talking . 
  tolerance of what and to what level ? 
  it 's one thing to allow genuine refugees with their families it 's another to allow 100s of 1000s of economic migrants in that change the cultural face of europe and never question if it 's a good idea out of fear of being branded a racist . 
  it 's when you shut down sensible conversation with shrills of ` isms ' that people turn to extremism because it 's the only place they can be heard . 
  and what is the european agenda ? 
  / u/snhc seems to be agenda pushing, 
  i laughed at that too . 
  germany and sweden taking in the most yet getting sued . 
  i 'm sure it 's down to something minor technicality but damn . 
  but you have n't called me out on anything . 
  as i 've said ... 
  i take every artical at face value . 
  i read that particular and deemed it bullshit . 
  i did n't attack the guardian in general . 
  it would certainly make the situation more dire and real so maybe . 
  when it 's mostly men acrossing into europe leaving behind women and children then i 'm led to believe the situation in syria is n't as bad as it seems . 
  fair enough , my statment was a little inflammatory but i was n't just talking about the latest arrivels from syria . 
  this is a classic example of free flowing uncontroled and unchecked immigration . 
  when a country allows immigration you really need to look at who is coming in and how they might integrate - now you have a peacfull country in western europe facing sectarian violence between different islamic factions ( just think about that for a moment ) . 
  what 's the point of fleeing a war zone when you bring it with you ? 
  in that particular artical and if you read that thread you 'll see what i ment . 
  but nice job on getting such a raging boner you needed to rummage through my posting history . 
  i 'm saying we make it too easy for people to flee here rather than stay and fight . 
  syria is short of 70000 fighters who have come to europe , as a result entire areas & towns have been taken over by isis . 
  the vast majority of refugees are men . 
  i 'm not saying take in no refugees . 
  we 're making the situation worse when countries like sweden and germany tell the world they 'll accept all syrians . 
  i do n't think europe should be so willing to accept refugees . 
  syria is having to abandon towns to isis because it 's short of 70000 fighting men who have ran off to europe . 
  if britain 's men ran off to the us during the 2nd world war we would be under nazi rule . 
  europe make the escape route too easy for anyone to be from syria, 
  i know what you 're implying but dispite my stance on immigration i give every news source a chance dispite its origin, 
  i hope no one is forced to become a refugee . 
  haha this . 
  attacks the source but not the contents . 
  i hope he does . 
  if the german people wish to make such a gesture then that is the choise taken by the people of germany but can you please stop trying to get other countries to follow suit . 
  wtf did i just read ? 
   geography there is your clue, 
   turkey is a transcontinental [ 152 ] eurasian country . 
  asian turkey , which includes 97 percent of the country , is separated from european turkey by the bosphorus , the sea of marmara , and the dardanelles . 
  european turkey comprises 3 percent of the country geography is n't arbitary, 
  wallace and gromit are the cheese mafia, 
  immigration is such a red hot topic in europe right now it makes sence it 's a red hot topic here . 
  i do expect it settle down some come winter . 
  i live in east london and we 've been welcoming migrents for over 50 years , they 've added a lot to my city and i love them for it . 
  at the rate they entered they mostly integrated well . 
  however , the current rate of migration from the past decade has been at a hight never seen before in europe and it 's having negative effects especially if their culture and values are very different to ours . 
  a link from op source [ men outstrip women as population rises ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20150817/men-outstrip-women-as-sweden-population-booms )  statistics sweden suggests that the country 's shifting demographics are largely due to rising immigration , with more men than women travelling to sweden to seek asylum and find work . 
  the uk has taken in more migrents than sweden in the last decades . 
  sweden has a sudden rush of migrents and feels it can act all smug and self righteous . 
  sorry sweden , get some histroy behind you first then you can point fingers . 
  what ever happened to the ship/carrier you were going to sell to russia ? 
   i am sure / u/dclauzel could explain that better than myself . 
  no , you did a good enough job . 
  lets save him a bit of time in typing things out twice in two different languages . 
  if they are a one policy party and still become the largest party in sweden then the other parties have a duty to address that one policy . 
  salty, 
  this is actually a legit issue . 
  people should not downvote for disagreeing , reply or ignore .
