  given the toxic attitudes we get for being brits at least you can still have a constructive discussion from time to time without being shouted down on r/europe on r/unitedkingdom you step in line or die . 
  that sub is okay if you want to discuss very left wing politics and you are a glass half empty type of person but to be a national sub is an utter embarrassment . 
  it 's just an echo chamber where anyone who offeres a different opinion is downvoted to such a level they ca n't post replies without having to wait 10 minutes, 
  if you 're going to bang on about brexit at least do so in the relevant stories or you come across as ignorant as you assume brexiters to be . 
  i 've noticed mostly irish , romanian and belgium flares being the most salty unless it 's some very vocal few that happen to carry that flair . 
  i 'm excited, 
  oh lord , i do n't . 
  i get that many leave voters are hated but i would rather be hated than having smug eu leaders telling us to shut up and and do as we 're told because we voted to remain . 
  i wish more people on here thought like that, 
  ... and this time we mean it !!, 
  an independent england would be hugely prosperous so i would welcome this . 
   `` never forget rotherham '' but they did forget about rotherham . 
  there was hardly any outrage from the left of feminist groups , they were almost silent . 
  rotherham went on for so long because the police and local government feared being called racist and even now those who bring it up are eyed with suspicion hence your quote . 
  loads of job opportunities in trades/construction as well as in my industry of technical theatre/corporate events . 
  most of the companies i work for or with are looking for full time staff or freelancers which pay above the national average . 
  they are welcome to it and the bill attached, 
  i think it 's about time scotland became independent . 
  if they do n't this will go on forever . 
  it 's not within the margin of error when every poll comes back with almost the same result . 
  there was no conditions to the vote other than the two options . 
  the % of who voted for what is ( maybe unfortunately ) irrelevant . 
  i wish you would kick us out as well . 
  it 's starting to drag on and i want to get on with it . 
  brit here . 
  in this thread and not surprised . 
  oh well that sucks . 
  guess we 'll have to use chinese and american systems . 
  hopefully we 'll investment and help make those as accurate . 
  well his wife is eastern european so maybe he 'll have some sympathy . 
  so you 're in support of poor working conditions ? 
  i do n't think americans are jealous . 
  as a lighting tech i 've traveled to both countries and the us is a lot more fun and varied than sweden , not that i have anything against sweden but if i had to chose between the two i would chose to live or visit the us . 
  nether is le camp des saints , mate . 
   from the same place that brought us orwell 's 1984 .  we 've produced some of the best literature in the world . 
  you 're welcome . 
  yeah , this sub has been fairly toxic towards brits since july . 
  i 'm alright with this . 
  get it over and done with . 
  if they vote to leave then fair play to them , if they stay then they stay and that 's the last we 'll hear about independence for 30 or 40 years . 
  nether do we . 
  his arse, 
  you mean you do n't lie awake at night fearing a 20 mile tunnel in kent ? 
  london is something like frances 6th largest city . 
  birmingham is a great city . 
  i work there from time to time with the theatre . 
  you should visit . 
   now in total decline . 
  it 's actually improved quite a lot over the last decade . 
  i guess that 's one thing we can thank an open europe for . 
  well i 'm not surprised that italy would rather forget about it . 
  it was an embarrassing farce from your side . 
  seems like trump was a couple of days too early . 
  well i guess they were wrong so i 'll delete my post . 
  so what should london do ? 
  reject the entire brexit referendum ? 
  it was n't a vote based on nations , it was one person , one vote counted as a hole - that was the system and we voted to leave . 
  now that 's being respected . 
   2019 well okay but that 's just specualtion at this point . 
  you ca n't tell gibraltar that the uk does n't listen to them because of what the future * might * hold . 
  well yes , which proves that the uk cares deeply about gibraltar . 
  i 'm sorry they mostly voted to stay in the eu when in the end the numbers were against them but that does n't mean we do n't listen to them . 
  the uk does indeed listen to gibraltar . 
  every time they have issues with the spanish government the uk always has its back . 
  or did you think the entire referendum should be overturned because of gibraltar, 
  they do . 
  also the spanish government sometimes add extra charges to slows checks down to be difficult . 
  damn that 's bad . 
  without the german vote trump has no chance of getting reelected, 
  i would be happy with this but i highly doubt that the swiss would be happy being so far north . 
  after a google search i found quite a few sources that claimed there were no-go zones in sweden and even wikipedia comments on it . 
  the first source i found that claimed there was no no-go zones in sweden was buzzfeed . 
  i 'm not claiming there are such zones but i would n't be brave enough to claim that they do n't exist . 
  what about malmo ? 
  in the uk some of the more dangerous cities are not the capital . 
  come on scotland and snp . 
  call a referendum so we can finally put this all to rest . 
  you 'll ether vote to stay or go , ether way is fine by me . 
  i think brits are pretty much over the hole falklands thing . 
  it 's generally the argies that keep bringing it up . 
  and here we have a typical r/uk poster . 
  life is what you make it so maybe the problem is you . 
  i think that is the best description of r/unitedkingdom i 've seen yet . 
  tbh i do n't fully know whats in the treaty and i 'll take a guess that you do n't ether . 
  i would n't be surprised if there were clauses within in it that allowed for a full exit if the people voted to rejoin ireland and have ireland accept them . 
  i would say if ni was no longr part of the uk and returned to ireland that is should n't be our problem if that means violating a treaty then sure . 
  it 's probably not the first treaty a country had ignored after a major political change . 
  ah yes , the sins of our fathers and reparations . 
  if history is anything to go by those things do n't always go as one would like . 
  that 's just an assumption though . 
  if part of the uk was to leave through an independence referendum who is going to make us pay ? 
  surely if a vote went to the people of ni they would need to realise that they might very well be funded by ireland alone and the irish must also accept that risk . 
  not to have a dig at the irish but growth percentage does n't mean much unless you put it against actual size of the economy . 
  5 % of not much is n't very much where as 2 % of something large is quite a lot . 
  i would n't be surprised if part of the reason was r/uk people unsubbing . 
  the sub is very much a circlejerk these days and have a very niche crowd of posters . 
  it 's a bit sad really unless you 're a single white male who lives with their parents in a tory constituency and is very left wing and does n't like different opinions . 
  april 1949, 
  i also hope ni rejoins ireland . 
  mostly because that 's one hell of a bill you 'll be picking up .
