   is that people who elected the tories elected them under a certain shape maybe you do n't understand british politics . 
  ( let me get my crayons out ) parties change shape all the time from cabinet reshuffles , sackings , resignings and by-elections . 
  counting back as far as 1979 each ruling government has changed their leader while in power . 
  so every british voter with at least a single brain cell will realise that every government will change shape more than once . 
  i have made no claims about the eu being undemocratic . 
  i still do n't see any irony in may being prime minister . 
  she 's an elected mp so is eligible to become prime minister . 
  this is something british voters are well aware of as it 's the same way gordon brown and john major became prime minister which means there was a change of pm in the past two governments which go back as far as 1979, 
  still not ironic as the rules allow anyone who is an elected mp to lead a party and become prime minister . 
  we vote in parties based on policies , not based on a person leading it . 
  in the uk we elect parties not single people to govern the country so she has every right to lead the party . 
  however she was elected as mp for maidenhead since 1997 so not ironic at all . 
  selling luxury goods to wealthy russians is n't `` selling your soul '' quit making ridiculous comments . 
  i think you hit the nail on the head and i too enjoy these threads for peoples knee jerk reactions . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i do n't believe cameron or may said we 'll retain a special status with the eu post brexit . 
  in fact i believe both were pro-remain and spoke about the dangers of a future relationship with the eu . 
  having said that you are right on the leave campaign which was poor as well as the remain campaign . 
  i do n't believe we 're expecting any favours from anyone but rather mutual fair treatment since we have a lot of offer . 
  we were warned about this from last year but it fell mostly on deaf ears . 
  i just hope european intelligence agencies are about to sniff them out before they act . 
  i hope these classes are teaching how oppressive and strict islam is . 
  and when your dream does n't come true then what ? 
  do you just give it more time ? 
   offering better trade and cooperation     aaand . . letting go ... aaand . . no it is n't ...  sanctions do nothing  they do quite enough actually . 
  russia has resorted to using up their reserves and the quality of life in russia has gone down quite a lot . 
  so as i wrote , people suffer foreign policy does n't change . 
   they would rather let their people suffer than adjust foreign policy . 
   that indeed , but sooner or later things will become unmanageable for the ruling regime . 
  speculation really . 
  putin has never been so popular . 
  i never implied things should be `` let go '' but rather a more friendly approach to problem solving . 
  offering better trade and cooperation in return for less confrontation . 
  sanctions do nothing , just look at north korea and iran . 
  they would rather let their people suffer than adjust foreign policy . 
  countries seem more bothered at losing powerful friends than upsetting rivals . 
  `` punishing '' russia has n't shown to have achieved anything . 
  if anything it 's made them double down and strengthen their resolve . 
  good . 
  i 've always supported love over sanctions to get problems solved . 
  i highly doubt the sudden influx of tourists are syrian refugees with chinese passports . 
  4chans gamergate again . 
  when will we do something about them, 
  what are you an expert on cutting protesters out of chains on a moterway ? 
  to a whole new level . 
  these factories closing are not a consequences of brexit . 
  they were going to shut anyway and it just so happened the factories are in `` leave towns '' put the independent into the mix and you got yourself a sensationalist headline . 
  why does someone `` have '' to do it ? 
  i 'm sympathetic to what 's going on but an open door policy has drained areas of thousands of working aged men . 
  in fact parts of syria had to be abandoned to isis due to a lack of active soldiers . 
  because they have willingly chosen to . 
  do n't go to r/scotland then mate . 
  the sub is a massive chip on the shoulder come circlejerk, 
  well as long as we beat france . . 
  fair enough . 
  i see what you mean . 
  how has the rest of the uk been strangled by london ? 
  many of these people coming into europe simply can not fit into western culture and that with loneliness pushes them into becoming radicalised . 
  the only solution i can think of is not bringing them into europe . 
  the priests throat was slit and people will do nothing yet if a couple of thugs die in police custody then you 'll have days of rioting . 
  and all those protesters in the uk who demanded we take in our `` fair share '' have suddenly gone quiet . 
  only a few ? 
  yeah i 'll get right on it after lunch when i arrive at 10 downing street and reassemble the cabinet, 
  wow you 're so right . 
  us plebs should do as we 're told by the elites . 
  my personal opinion is many black people in the uk who are a minority lack an identity but still face some discrimination so look to the us for an identity to copy . 
  people keep bringing up zero hours contracts which is very fair to bring up but that ca n't be the only reason behind the drop in unemployment . 
  i 'm a qualified sparky and a theater lighting tech and i 'm seeing pages and pages of vacancies for construction and touring & house tech crews . 
  so i guess there is quite a demand atm for the right skills . 
  i think people are more concerned with wage compression . 
  the foreigners taking jobs seems to be more of a meme . 
  well it 's only been under a month since the vote and we 're not past the initial fallout yet . 
  the point is there was good arguments for staying and going and the people have decided - we knew the pound would drop and we might go into a short recession but we 're aiming for what is on the other side so obviously i ca n't point and show you our goals as working 25 days after the final vote was cast . 
  but i hope we can have civil discussions 6 months or a year down the road and say this is what we hoped for . 
  [ here ] ( http://qz.com/721596/brexit-the-longer-view/ ) is an interesting read on how leaving the eu can be really positive . 
  well one thing i 've noticed is negative stories are largely upvoted while posative stories are down voted so ca n't make the front page . 
  it 's great that discussion is taking place but it 's a shame that it 's unbalanced . 
   all without anyone blinking an eyelid at it , yet somehow over in uk you guys throw a fucking hissy fit and think of yourselves as superior to us `` bloody '' foreigners . 
  you talk about how you personally view us as equals but but talk about us as we all think the same . 
  but you mostly have private healthcare in ireland ? 
  i would be surprised if ireland was the only country in the eu that did n't get reimbursed by the nhs when expats use public healthcare . 
  the nhs pays for their care . 
  too right . 
  the plebs should know their place and that is to be ruled by elites and not complain, 
  well if he did n't rule it out you lot would be having a complete meltdown just about now . 
  i mean most commentators are upset we have n't triggered article 50 less than a month after the vote . 
  this wo n't stop people . 
  it 'll just drive them into more private and secure places where they ca n't be monitored . 
  waiting ? 
  it 's literally been a little over 2 weeks since the vote . 
  and who 's attitude are you referring to ? 
  mine personally ? 
  you are a funny little man . 
  i think i 'm going to stop replying to you now . 
  i 'm not trying to strike a blow at you . 
  i 'm laughing at you getting angry and feeling the need to insult us due to whatever personal issues you hold . 
  shame you ca n't try to hold a reasonable debate without losing your temper . 
  who 's calling you hitler ? 
  you 've become a victim in your own mind . 
  holding a democratic vote is n't a hissy fit . 
  we 're just moving on .
