  to be fair the in campaign has n't been much better with threats of war and the loss of 3 million jobs when we have little idea of how a break up can happen . 
  smart people realize that this is a huge vote and so both campaigns have at times been full of shit . 
  they do discuss pros and cons of leaving but also the polls . 
  as remain ramp up their scare stories the more voters they lose . 
  reminds me of a star wars quote ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wntx-a3jsy, 
  i thought it was the other way round . 
  did n't we threaten the nazis first ? 
  okay , that made me laugh, 
  yeah i chuckled at that . 
   the foreign ministers agreed that , should brexit become a reality , europe would badly need a boost of energy . 
  luxembourgian foreign minister jean asselborn called for more solidarity among europeans , and not just in the refugee crisis . 
  a brexit could well be a good thing for the eu in the long run . 
  long term , both parties could really benifit and we could look back in ten years and be pleased at how the uk and eu worked things out . 
  global growth is always under threat and the reason we need it is so we can keep borrowing and continue the race to the bottom, 
   `` are you seriously asking me to explain my argument '', 
  for now . 
  we still have a month to go, 
  it 's funny that you 're being down voted because the eu v2 you describe would most likely be a huge success and still keep peace in europe if you include france . 
  in fact it 's been talked about many times how there is a northen southen eu devide economically and culturally . 
  i know we 'll take an economic hit and i believe most people are fully aware of this but the trade off is we 'll be outside the eu and in control ( if you 're a brexit supporter ) we 're just sick of the warnings going beyond fair warnings and stepping into fearmongering territory . 
  i 've heard nothing positive about the eu from the remain crowd and that 's very sad to me because i was willing to be sold but it 's too late now . 
  the bbc headline was the same as the op 's then they later added `` eu exit threatens 850,000 jobs '' so i guess the orignal title was n't scary enough and they wanted to seek more clicks . 
  boston should be dublin, 
  cameron is a fool . 
  i would be very worried for everyone if he tried to lead the eu . 
  funny you had to make a new account for that comment . 
  germany has become a powerhouse thanks to the eu and the ease of exporting german goods to other eu countries often at the expence of southern european countries ...  worn out by its endless crises and , from their point of view , downright ingratitude . 
   britain , it 's a country where many people think they can say and think whatever they want to . 
  so you 're saying the freedom to think what you want is bad ? 
  his actual quote was `` we always take government policy , that 's the standard approach of the bank of england '' that does n't sound very independent to me but i guess it 's how you interprate his words . 
  to all those who claimed bank of england is independent , in an interview yesterday the head of the bank said it follows government policy which is to remain in the eu . 
  for those down voting here is the interview ... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36295208 he clearly states the boe is supporting government policy which is to remain in the eu . 
  not so independent after all . 
  that salt . 
  bank of england has become very bias . 
  they do n't know how negotiations will turn out so to warn of a recession is fair but they should also mention any possable posatives . 
  that 's great news !, 
  then i should expect them to protect their economies with a healthy trade deal . 
  i did care to read the article , thanks . 
  i still stand by what i wrote , it 's in every countries interest to keep trade going . 
  i view this as decent evidence a good trade deal will be thrashed out during the exit negotiations . 
  sort of reminds me of when i was in spain was my girlfriend . 
  she asked for tea with milk and got a glass of only hot milk and a tea bag . 
  but it mentions london as one of the 8 great coffee cities . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.hopper.com/articles/78/the-worlds-ten-best-coffee-cities ) artical has london at number 10, 
  come to think of it , tea has been behind a lot of british exits . 
  boston tea party springs to mind . 
  yeah . 
  i think someone worked out that london would be france 's 6th biggest city based on french population . 
  london is in the [ top 5 coffee cities in the world ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/03/04/travel/best-coffee-cities/ ) but then london has stood out from the rest of the uk . 
  you definitely need more energy to survive . 
  britain standing out from the rest of europe yet again , could the tea/coffee devide be the true reason behind brexit ? 
  from the bbc news site ...  another photo showed hakim nasiri next to the mayor of bari , antonio decaro , during a march organised on 10 september 2015 in solidarity with immigrants . 
  both suspects held by police have been living in italy with humanitarian protection status . 
  mr nasiri is accused of international terrorism and mr ahmadzai of assisting illegal immigration and this is why many believe european immigration policy is too soft . 
  it would never happen . 
  there will never be a border between northern and southern ireland . 
  i also heard that a brexit could cause the sun to collapse in on itself . 
  relax , the average height of a syrian male is [ 1.73 ] ( http://chartsbin.com/view/38919 ), 
  just like every other british news source . 
  he 's an entrepreneur and a business man . 
  most of them face a few bankruptcies . 
  something like every 5 attempt at starting a business 4 go wrong but without these people we have no industry thus no economy, 
  so you have nothing to back this up ? 
  where does your claim come from then ? 
  is it a gut feeling or something else ? 
  i 'm not american so he 's not my candidate . 
  i just like more than the other crooks on display . 
  anyway , do you have any proof of his `` $ 15 billion doller inheritance '' or any of his fraud ? 
  how do you know he got over 15 billion dollors from his father ? 
  you 're either making it up yourself or you 've been tricked into believing it . 
  again , you should do some fact checking . 
  his inheritance was $ 40 million which was given to him in 1974 [ source ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/02/26/fact-checking-the-tenth-gop-debate/ ) and if you like you can do some research on google . 
  it might be worth fact checking your claims . 
  like how much he inherited and what his successes and failers are . 
  then maybe he would n't seem like such a monster after all . 
  he makes loads of bad choses ... no wonder he 's broke . 
  the media are really doing a number on him making him seem racist . 
  i wish the uk had the balls to do this . 
  we do n't plan to pull back ... 
  totally with you on that . 
  with a points based visa scheme that 's fiar for all . 
  yup, 
  i 'm fine with skilled migrants . 
  why are you so obsessed with the uk ? 
  we hired some russian hackers . 
  i do n't think anyone is telling spain how to handle their border . 
  we 're telling spain that gibraltar 's sovereignty is n't to be negotiated on . 
  and what is wrong with wanting sovereignty ? 
  and how exactly does one build a wall between the uk and romania ? 
  well if spain and the eu want to start sticking up trump walls then that 's on them . 
  hardly a progressive move is it . 
  what will a wall do that a controlled border ca n't ? 
  that is an option . 
  the first minister has made the point that the people of gibraltar wish to remain british even though they wanted to stay in the eu . 
  what ever happens during the brexit negotiations will happen but sovereignty will not be part of it . 
  gibraltar remaining british without interference from spain is n't having your cake and eating it . 
  the spanish accepting the status quo would be a good solution too . 
  because it goes against the popular media narative that right wing white natives are the problem, 
  lol yep .
