  very sad . 
  i felt aweful for those familes . 
  amazon, 
  different in what way ? 
  i ca n't be the only one who thinks 5 % is a huge number of growth . 
  if that continues along with the muslim population of france you could be facing some serious civil unreast in 10 to 15 years . 
  better bury it says / r/europe, 
  english speakers ? 
  shit just got real, 
  you calm down . 
  it 's just this one minister saying it , the uk in general has pushed for turkish membership more than most other eu countries . 
  so many of you are triggered and blame the entire uk for this one guy . 
  100 % this . 
  i 've noticed when polls are held that show views other than the left want , like [ 71 % of brits think immigration is too high ] ( http://www.channel5.com/71-of-brits-say-immigration-has-been-too-high ) those people are deemed as racist and spoken to in such a condescending way they are pushed to right wing parties or parties with a single policy . 
  actually there are a few other firms that have been doing that for a while like addison lee who i 've been using for years the reason i switched to uber was that it was cheaper and i liked the app more . 
  for london there has n't been anything much other a few protests from black cab drivers but then london is swamped with taxi firms and black cabs still have a niche where you can just hail them over where as private cabs need to be booked . 
   i 'd like to think most people do n't strive for unfairness . 
  then you would be surprised . 
  well then you 're the harry potter of aspersions, 
  so now we 're back to making aspersions . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  look at this quote of yours . 
   brexiters are very , very careful never to say the word `` empire '' while blatantly advocating many of it 's positions . 
  your assumption of brexit supporters want a return of the empire is based on them not saying they want a return of the empire . 
  being more influential and self sufficient is the goal of all or most nations one would imagine . 
   cue several of the old regulars coming in to state how we 'll still maintain our position despite giving up massively for no gain . 
  how about we cue you coming here making aspersions on other posters because they have a different view to you . 
  when we try this we get called the nasty country . 
  can you please just grow up and stop naming other posters , just accept people have different opinions . 
  it 's part of being an adult . 
  careful , srs are monitoring this thread !, 
  i think for a lot of supporters of brexit it 's the independence from the eu we desire . 
  i do n't go there enough but i imagine it 's the same . 
  this sub sucks for ballanced views . 
  they love scare stories on brexit but will bury anything that might promote it . 
  she 'll do more harm than good ( for her cause ) thanks but no thanks miss le pen . 
  the french national front has a large share of meps [ source ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meps/en/search.html?country=fr ) the french national front are decribed as `` a eurosceptic party , the fn has opposed the european union since its creation in 1993 '' [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_%28france%29 ), 
  but france also has a large amount of anti-eu meps, 
  yes here in east london . 
  used to get a doctors appointment in the week i called but now takes two to 3 weeks . 
  this started happening before the cuts , from 2007 . 
  are you sure this sub is n't about brexit ? 
  yeah it 's a joke . 
  i guess we now see why the pro- independence scotts were so annoyed by them . 
   china : too bad you are n't important to us uk . 
  do you have anything to back that up ? 
  check out my source , we are a major importer of chinese goods and a permanent members of the un like china . 
  we are * very * important to china . 
   what 's even more amusing is the line that raised tata 's decision to abandon its uk steel operations indicate the dangers of a british exit ... that 's happening with the uk as part of the eu . 
  this . 
  i do n't think this minister did his homework . 
   major powers such as china would have little interest in negotiating with the uk outside the eu , claims emmanuel macron fyi iceland negotiated a free trade deal with china https://www.mfa.is/foreign-policy/trade/free-trade-agreement-between-iceland-and-china/ i 'm not one of those who believes britain will get free trade deals all over the place but we are the worlds 6th largest economy and a permanent members of the un so i think major powers will be very interested in establishing good trade deals very quickly after a brexit in order to stabilize their own economy . 
   `` you will never be in the situation to negotiate face to face with the chinese because your domestic market is not relevant for the chinese in comparison with their domestic market . 
  eu is the first global domestic market . '' i think we are more important to china than the french minister realises . 
  china has become the uk 's second largest import partner behind america , accounting for 7.0 % of uk imports in 2014 compared with 3.3 % in 2004 [ source ] ( http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20160105160709/http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/international-transactions/outward-foreign-affiliates-statistics/how-important-is-china-to-the-uk-economy-/sty-china.html ), 
  it 's amazing that this is even a consideration . 
  in efforts to be progressive in europe we 've become regressive . 
  this might be better of in / r/unitedkingdom, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but being in the eu means other eu countries can fish in our warters so the quotas need to be shared between uk fishers as well as spanish , french and anyone else . 
  in the event of a brexit and not having to pay into the eu i hope we continue to invest into places like cornwall . 
  we could definitely afford it . 
  i travel to cornwall several times a year with work and it 's a lovely place , especially truro, 
  they have stated their opinion publicly . 
  but obama coming to the uk to argue for a result he wants is a bit too much beyond a friendly opinion . 
   friendly opinion it 's not a friendly opinion because it carries an agenda where they want to effect the outcome of a referendum . 
  if they want to give their friendly opinion they can do it in private . 
  i think he realises that if he voices his personal opinions on the eu now it could be the straw that breaks the camels back in terms of party unity . 
  ukip is technically a major party as they got the 3rd largest share of the votes in the last ge and won the european elections - ukip are not behind it . 
   you have n't got a clue what his opinions were or if they had changed how do you know about me ? 
  stop pretending like you do . 
  not really . 
  the safe bet for labour politicians is to back the eu . 
  if you knew anything about corbyn you would know he has a histroy of being a eurosceptic as the artical says and he has devided his party over personal beliefs since he became leader . 
  labour are strongly in favour of the eu and it would be a personal disaster if he had another falling out with his party . 
  that 's what iwas implying, 
  part of the reason he 's backing `` in '' is if he backed `` out '' he would lose his party completely . 
  something he ca n't afford at this time, 
  i got one through the door yesterday , it went straght into the recycling . 
  you ca n't get more british than that !, 
  but their thousands of employees pay tax in sweden, 
   vote leave , the group campaigning for the uk to leave the european union , criticised the imf 's findings saying it had `` been consistently wrong in past forecasts about the uk and other countries '' . 
  this . 
  i would n't trust what the imf predicts these days . 
  thousands of people who do n't vote conservative , would never vote conservative and have never voted conservative want the tory prime minister to resign . 
  i doubt anyone will be deported or asked to leave if there is a brexit . 
  it 's more likely new arrivals will need a visa . 
  i would imagine during negotiations of an exit allowing eu workers to stay will help towards getting trade agreements . 
  why ? 
  for wanting to get involved in something i believe in ? 
  well we buy more from the eu than they buy from us so high tariffs would be like setting your own house on fire out of protest . 
  two things might happen imo . 
  the eu will try to force a second vote and pump as much energy into it as they can or we 'll just spend the next two years negotiating an exit . 
  it 's going to be close that 's for sure . 
  i 've actually found the out campaign to be quite posative . 
  yesterday i joined grassrootsout.co.uk and offered my time to help at local events . 
  fun fact ... brits do n't hate poles, 
  something tells me molenbeek 's name is going to be in the press for many decades to come . 
  in france getting dna tests to see if your children are yours is illegal as french courts say fatherhood is a social concept and not biological . 
  so even if the child looks obviously different to you in the eyes of the law that 's your child and you 're responsible for it . 
  does n't the margin of error percentage depend on the sample size ?
