tweet of the night adam fleming @adamfleming6 3m burd doing a pish in george square being apprehended by the police has been the highlight of my night, 
  the uk has survive on it 's own for long enough . 
  to suggest it would fall apart without the eu is absurd , it 's not the same as germany or france as a lot of people do n't even see us as a proper part of europe . 
  when we go to mainland europe , a lot of the time we say we are going to europe as if it is a different place . 
  we are an island nation that probably has closer links to australia , canada and the us than the rest of europe . 
  british troops are still actually stationed in germany so comparing the countries is silly . 
  genuine question here . 
  how do you plan to get the uk on board or are you planning on doing it without them ? 
  because at the moment there is no way people in the uk would vote for this . 
  there is likely going to be a vote to keep us in the eu , which will be close . 
  so how do you expect opinions to change dramatically ? 
  let 's be honest , a federal europe without the uk would have a lot less clout on the world stage and would be taken less seriously than one with the uk involved . 
  this is not meant to annoy anyone , it 's a fact we ca n't ignore if people seem set on this whole federal thing . 
  want some of ours ? 
  we have too many . 
   you can not make a federation where there are so many differences between the nations unless it 's the uk . 
  we may all officially speak `` english '' but we ca n't understand each other at the best of times and there are quite big differences between each nation . 
  it 's not as dramatic as a federal eu but it 's not as similar to each other like the us is . 
  there is probably going to be a vote as to whether the uk even stays in the eu , never mind join a federal europe . 
  unless you plan on making it without the uk , it is never going to be voted in by anyone living here . 
  if you click on the name of the person , you see the points on their comment page . 
  whoever has the least money . 
  i thought you guys wanted in ? 
  now i have to deep fry something to join in . 
  says the guy who writes `` top kek '' in the same comments . 
  grow up . 
  you have a holocaust museum in washington ... really ? 
  `` usa is here and needs to be involved guys '', 
  waffles for breakfast ? 
  i think we have an american interloper !, 
  latvia , lithuania , what 's the difference ? 
  only people like you are making a big deal of it though , to everyone else it 's just water . 
  should they pay more money just because some swedish guy thinks it might offend someone ? 
  ridiculous . 
  butthurt is not a word here . 
  go away . 
  is this an american thing maybe ? 
  i do n't remember any jokes like this growing up in the uk . 
   hollywood ( / \u02c8h\u0252liw\u028ad / hol-ee-wuud ) is a neighborhood in the central region of los angeles , california . 
  [ hollywood ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hollywood ) seems like you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  it may have different areas in it but it is without doubt , a neighbourhood . 
  i am guessing the san marinese would have something to say about that seeing as san marino has been around since 301 ad when it got independence from the roman empire and italy was founded in 1861 . 
  when was latvia founded again ? 
  i bet you would not like someone saying there is not much difference between latvians and russians . 
  bacon on the brain . 
  seems like an outdated view to be honest , i grew up in the east end of glasgow and it is nothing like it was . 
  new and clean looking buildings everywhere and what you describe is just wrong . 
  my guess is you stayed on the outskirts in one of the surrounding towns and just join in with other people who slag the cities because they once knew a guy who went there in 1985 on his tractor . 
  haha worst time to be there !, 
  i feel bad for you and i hope you enjoyed the rest of your stay !, 
  probably because the official name is not the republic of ireland . 
  it 's southern ireland , dominion of the united kingdom . 
  except the getting the capital of scotland wrong bit ... 
  i would love to know where you stay just outside glasgow that allows you to look down on it like this . 
  because there is literally no where in the surrounding areas that is any better . . 
  i grew up in the east end and it really is nothing like it used to be so not sure where you get your info from . 
  probably just copying what others say . . 
  glasgow is the capital now ? 
  woohoo , get it right up ye edinbuggers !, 
  seriously though , that 's a bit of a basic error ... 
  bond , james bond on a top secret mission to gather funds for my latest mission . 
  it is here deep in poland that i find my target and my plan is crafted beautifully , all i have to do is hand over the note and i will be on my way . 
  but no ... how could they have known my one weakness ?!, 
  the bloody queues !, 
   grey and grimy never visit aberdeen ... 
  well , why not ? 
  he deserves it more than a lot who get it !, 
  no , we actually do say man a lot in glasgow though . 
  so it is used in the context you suggested , just that for that we say man . 
  the pipers are in edinburgh , you may get the odd one in glasgow but if they played 24/7 they would get a slap . 
  lived in leith for 2 years , ever been there ? 
  it seems not . 
  haha i am from glasgow and lived in leith for 2 years . 
  do n't try and tell me leith is posh ... 
  there were times i wished i was back in shettleston for fuck sake . 
  the banana flats are now actually worse than anything glasgow has . 
  it 's like a step back in time ... 
  what is funny is that you are probably referring to one or two different types of accents you have heard . 
  good luck trying to understand geordie or glaswegian !, 
  yeah , you have not spent too much time in edinburgh unless it was at a university . 
  because that is not how we want to do it . 
  we are not the same as the us , we are happy being separate countries and enjoying our own histories while still being part of the eu . 
  it 's like me saying why do n't you guys join up with canada and mexico and make one big country . 
  it 's silly . 
  sorry , it was a joke . 
  i just picked a random country and czech just sounds cool !, 
  i do n't think you understand what you are talking about . 
  we have freedom of movement here . 
  integrating with who exactly ? 
  he is american so he probably has irish , scottish and scandinavian roots with a bit of czech thrown in for good measure . 
  they get funny about heritage in the us for some reason . 
  are you actually being serious here , you are saying the bulls are not mistreated ? 
  so how do you get them to run then , ask them nicely ? 
  i am sure they are really happy to run around like that , it must be so fun for them and not stressful at all . 
  all that tail pulling and slapping looks awesome !, 
  if anyone still has any doubts , watch this : [ pampalona - running of the bulls ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbcztfgyrmg ), 
  ah i see , someone has not written it down on a bit of paper yet , so it 's fine !, 
  fair enough , i will take your word on the actual bullfighting . 
  however , the last time i seen the running of the bulls it was not all old people hobbling about . 
  it was everyone joining in .
