  is that going to be stopped as well ? 
  yes , spain is well known for being nice to animals . 
  ask the bulls . 
  can i shoot you when you are old then ? 
  might as well let in scotland then !, 
  i think he was saying they are confused , not him . 
  i think i speak of all of the uk and commonwealth when i say this ... no . 
  i find it funny polish people are hoping to have no immigrant problems when a lot of people in the uk blame the polish for `` taking our jobs '' . 
  just to clarify , i do n't think this way . 
  i just find it amusing that no matter where you go there seems to be some sort of immigrant hierarchy . 
  as long as it is the atlantic coast , ca n't have them washing up on british shores now !, 
  sounds like you have a really intersting life my friend !, 
  they key bit of my sentence was the `` east end '' part . 
  i am guessing you did not end up in shettleston !, 
  clearly you have not been to the east end of glasgow my friend . 
  oh wait , you 're right . 
  that 's * whisky * ... my bad . 
  a country where the majority of people are muslim i am guessing . 
  but a lot of people think muslim = saudi arabia type muslim , because on tv this is what they see and they do n't get taught any different . 
  it 's a stereotype really and we all have them . 
  or he could have fallen ill behind the wheel . 
  it happens . 
   the bastard shall burn !, 
  you are willing to burn the guy before knowing all the details ? 
  there was an accident in glasgow not long ago where people were quick to blame the driver , turns out he had a heart attack behind the wheel . 
  now it could turn out it is the guys fault , but jumping to conclusions helps no one . 
   northerners are hated because they are snobs . 
  not in the uk ... . 
  just do n't tell them it was a protestant anglo-irish family with a donation from the church of ireland that set it up ... 
   a medieval christian pseudo-history of ireland and the irish eh ... no . 
  is the us team not a reserve team though ? 
  you also have north korea who have `` state-sanctioned atheism '' . 
  you are in good company !, 
  we gave the world the television , telephone , radar , post stamps , the bbc , atm machines , cloned mammals , criminal fingerprinting , penicillin , tarmac roads and lot 's of scientific discoveries that are too long to list . 
  no one actually eats them to be fair . 
  you would only find them in tourist areas and only tourists would ask for them and it is probably like me suggesting most austrians eat that baby cow 's lung and hearts dish you guys are famous for ... 
  when it comes to friend food we are happy enough with sausages and bacon . 
  mmmm . 
  at this point , i am glad they have not separated the uk for this graph ... 
  explain scotland then ... 
  not the best examples to be making in / r/europe to be honest . 
  some people would argue this kind of thing * is * a radical change from the norm . 
  no , this is just the european part of reddit . 
  our potato jokes are about the irish !, 
  i get that in blackpool . 
  `` hey scotland , i know someone from there , come play this game at my stall ! '', 
  this is why it pays to be a fan of football , i learned all my european geography that way !, 
  they are not from the uk but they are british , same as the isle of man for example . 
  i was brought up in glasgow and it may have a bad reputation for other things but being friendly is one thing glaswegians are good at . 
  so you are talking shite basically . 
  breathe in smoke or you and your family go hungry ... yeah , great choice . 
  most people who work in bars do n't get to choose . 
  they work there or they have no job . 
  why 19 and not 20 like other places ? 
  because of the people that work there . 
  they are forced to breathe in all the smoke if they want to keep a job . 
  and years later they could be looking for compensation from someone for this so it 's not worth the hassle . 
  do n't forget about the massive casual racism problem americans seem to have on here that is ignored . 
  people probably say that if they see a random picture of dundee . 
  you and i know how it really is . 
  one 's that go to oxford or cambridge . 
  you know that norway is not in the eu , but a norwegian can still do all the things you said ? 
  if the uk leaves the eu , you are still going to be able to travel freely , no matter what any scaremonger tries to say . 
  norwegians can do that as well though and they are not in the eu . 
  i am also guessing if the uk vote to leave , it 's citizens will also still be able to travel throughout europe freely . 
  you do n't have to be a member of the eu for this . 
  i would hate to see the statistics for who scottish people hate . 
  like the guy flvtlin3 above said -  there 's a popular yogurt brand in china that claims to use this special bacteria from a bulgarian village that is apparently home to some of the world 's longest living people thanks to their local yogurt ... marketing yo, 
  west lothian . 
  i did grow up in glasgow and used to live in leith and they were both the same . 
  perhaps you stay in a more `` affluent '' area than i have been used to . 
  move over here and you will find a 25 year old that already has three kids , as long as looks are not top priority ... 
  here in my part of scotland nearly everyone i know in their 20 's has at least one kid . 
  that is not what he said , he said go back to the men 's rights subreddits . 
  which are well know on reddit for talking utter shit , just live the downvoted guy . 
  police do idiotic things all the time . 
  which is why they do n't make the final judgements . 
  we do n't think it 's acceptable for people to be racist or sectarian , this does not mean we do n't have any `` freedom '' of speech . 
  we can criticise anyone or anything we want , we just do not have to be offensive while doing it . 
  it 's not really a difficult concept . 
  yeah that does not really do anything in this context though . 
  he might as well have written `` people '' . 
  do these beggars look starving to you ? 
  yeah , all people who like a certain sport are like this ... 
  it 's like me judging all germans as the same because of the people who vote for merkal . 
  first time i have heard of this but what surprises me more is there is apparently enough immigrants in scotland to call them `` many '' . 
  for some reason , they are not as keen to come up here !, 
  also if the snp have their way , they will probably teach them gaelic first . 
  the gerries have only gone and done it wot they have '' probably better than what the sun would come up with . 
  are you drunk ? 
  or just english ? 
  if anything , it shows how out of touch they are . 
  his party are just as bad though , it 's not a one sided thing . 
   hibernian that means irish . 
  also salmond is or was part of the westmister rabble for many a year as well , he is just as bad as the rest of the morons there . 
  i personally think it makes a mockery of the system . 
  they act like a bunch of school kids who have never really grown up . 
  that 's gaelic and no one actually speaks that except a few island folk . 
  wuruld is how most would say it . 
  yep , i was wondering what the hell warld was .
