  i see this in a lot of maps on here , we either get the same as england or something just completely made up . 
  it 's pronounced `` wuruld '' in most places in scotland but can vary by region . 
  yeah think of all the kickbacks the politicians could get !, 
  or the wars that could be funded !, 
  how about giving to to the people that actually live there so they can improve their lives ? 
  i do wonder how he is going to defeat isis , north korea and the whole middle east at the same time . 
  if he does get in charge , he is in for a hell of a shock . 
  there 's an article ? 
  yes, 
  seems normal to me . 
  stayed in scotland most of my life and never have i ever met one person who actually speaks gaelic as a first language . 
  or at all actually . 
  signs everywhere translating it , but no one speaks it . 
  yeah , this aint america though . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  yeah he will get put in a prison with others like him and get to watch tv and play games in his cell . 
  everything you said is true but the guy is loved on reddit by 15 year old 's who think they know everything and bitter 30 something 's who are annoyed at the world because they have such a shitty life . 
  the way he speaks is boring and condescending and his audience lap it up . 
  the russian obama ? 
  danish people pick up accents really easily . 
  peter lovenkrands is a great example , listen to an interview of him speaking english and he just sounds scottish , not even a hint of anything else in there . 
  same with brian laudrup . 
  [ lovenkrands ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1fwuaorvhi ), 
  you have clearly never been to glasgow . 
  not being funny but i would rather have a german being nice to me than some rude french person who makes assumptions on a whole country because they are a child/stupid . 
  how many people living in the eu , voted to have an eu ? 
  what i mean is , how can you expect people to be together when the whole union was founded by politicians with very little say of the actual people . 
  we have our own version though . 
  [ nicola merkel ] ( http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/12/590x/sturgeon-586566.jpg ), 
   in the late 1980s i went to see lenny henry [ 1 ] perform stand-up in belfast . 
  still traumatised i assume ? 
  really ? 
  plenty of indians live in scotland and none of them have the same skin tone or hair colour as the locals . 
  then again , we are pretty pale . 
  what kind of cheddar have you been eating ... ... 
  just waiting for fanny and my life is complete . 
  been a bit windy in scotland as well , who the feck called it frank though ? 
  how did they ever think that would work ? 
  i am surprised it lasted 7 years !, 
  it is different . 
  you may have noticed that the uk does not really follow eu rules on much and we kind of get to do our own thing . 
  there is no way they could quietly pass a law that allows the fingerprinting of everyone here . 
  people would not take it lying down , the last time tony blair tried to introduce id cards which would have contained biometric data there was uproar and it was dropped . 
  no they do n't . 
  i got one recently and did not give a fingerprint at all . 
  maybe like that in the rest of europe but it is certainly not like that in the uk . 
  they could never sneak that in without us noticing . 
   and do n't complain about giving fingerprints , we all have to do that . 
  i can assure you we do n't all have to do it in europe . 
  if they tried it in the uk , people would just say `` fuck off '' and not turn up to get fingerprinted . 
  only criminals or suspected criminals get fingerprinted here . 
  neither do i , nor would i ever agree to it . 
  christ do n't ask me , only about 12 people live there . 
  you could add the orkney islands - [ orkney islands ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a0ae64c-0f0a-11e3-ae66-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3td7qf3ja ) also northern ireland has had it 's own calls for independence in the past , you would probably be better separating them from the roi because no way in hell would they all agree to being reunited . 
  we would either laugh or shake our head , depending on the amount of alcohol consumed that day . 
  what kind of shit cities can you not wear a mankini in ? 
  you are like a walking advert for bad english . 
  go make some tourism ? 
   barely speak english at all and with horrific accents that make it harder to understand . 
  so pretty much like most of the uk then ? 
  you have been reading the sun or other gutter press that is not relevant at all . 
  you do n't get this in normal media outlets . 
  you mean like the mexicans in the us ? 
  so by that logic , you are fine with all your english signs being taken down and replaced with native american ones ? 
  english is the language of the world , even the chinese who you speak of , use it to communicate with the rest of the world . 
  if someone from another country has the chance to learn english or french , they will pick english 99.9 % of the time . 
  that is the reason . 
  me too as most of the poles who move here seem to speak very broken english . 
  the epl has not been one of the best leagues in the world for years . 
  they attract good players because of the money but spain and germany are quite far ahead at this point . 
  that is like me using the falkland islands as proof of how the english language is spoken around the world . 
  it would be funny if not so tragic !, 
  i would say scotland gets the best deal to be honest . 
  the whole `` england are in charge '' thing is not really true . 
  england does not even have it 's own parliament . 
  it is run by the uk government and scottish mp 's can vote in it . 
  english mp 's can not vote in the scottish parliament however . 
  when it comes to population , the rest of the uk pushes far above it 's weight and there would be no uk without us . 
  it is sad this got so many upvotes by people who do n't understand how it works . 
  most of the folk doing it probably do n't even know great britain was founded by the kind of scotland and just assume we have been under english power for so long . 
  hah , it is similar where i grew up in glasgow although they were a bit more sneaky about it . 
  instead of religion they asked what team you `` really '' supported or what school you went to . 
  it is going to keep happening forever . 
  also you get those sick bastards waiting outside clinics for people . 
  it 's no where near as big an issue in the rest of the civilised world as it is in the us . 
  actually most people do it because the shadowbanned person does not know otherwise . 
  also you are being a bit of a dick . 
  coming again to save the mother fuckin day yeah !, 
  actually , maybe that would not be a good idea after the last time . 
  sorry germany . 
  why is it surprising germany do n't have a huge army ? 
  there are uk and us army bases still there to this day . 
  it 's nice you have a big army , all the more for the uk when you surrender ... 
  it 's ok , you always have celtic to get you knocked out of competitions early :d, 
  and england is like the creepy older uncle we all try to avoid at gatherings . 
  `` no , leave the pig alone uncle nigel , that is not a tradition in the rest of the uk '', 
  we do n't `` own '' them . 
  they are part of the uk , if there was a vote they would stay . 
  that 's ok , these days it seems like mexico and the us are the same country and sometimes people get mixed up here . 
  and then do what , come and live in scotland a normal people ?
