  when people from europe/us say this here people look at them like they have never read a book . 
  how can you not know at least scotland and england are not the same place ? 
  does the fact we have our own national football teams not give it away ? 
  we learned about geography and different countries at school , i even learned all the tiny ones like macedonia and san marino . 
  it honestly amazes me that they do n't teach what the uk actually is in sweden . 
  thanks you specofdust !, 
  also ireland have the same ones . 
  because it 's properly done . 
  we have switches on them to put them off whenever as well so for me it is a lot safer than us ones where it 's live all the time when plugged in . 
  this is more important than stepping on it . 
  it makes me wonder if germans and other europeans pay full price to a repair man to fix a plug . 
  i am scared to ask number one , it 's us is n't it ? 
  the `` english '' one is the same for all of the uk and ireland . 
  british standard . 
  except does anyone actually take the european parliament seriously ? 
  serious enough to consider it on a par with countries actual real parliaments ? 
  i know for a fact no one in the uk does , even before brexit and taking it out of the equation now . 
  no one sees them as real politicians who can actually do anything , just freeloaders who take advantage of the system . 
  forced abortions ? 
  fuck off , that 's even worse . 
  unless they are from northern ireland . 
  well , at least you hate belgians more than us . 
  except a little less incest-y . 
  people keep saying that , but people are being charged with racism . 
  in scotland you have anti-irish racism for example . 
  so having the correct term means fuck all if people still get arrested for it . 
  they 're not , all this article says is there was a fight outside a pub and the police are considering if there was a racist motive . 
  it 's not conclusive proof that all british people hate polish people . 
  pakistani people do n't go to the pubs at the weekend and get drunk . 
  or very few do at least . 
  weekend/alcohol/pub = fights somewhere . 
  the polish people are just a convenient excuse for people to fight . 
  so about 20 people who travel around , that no one takes seriously . 
  lived in uk all my life , i have never heard the word outside an american film or tv programme . 
  so everyone who voted to leave the eu is a crazy nationalist of the `` rule britannia '' mindset ? 
  it 's not like anyone could have looked at the facts and made decision based on what they think is best for them ? 
  to be clear i voted to stay in but labelling everyone on one side as the the same is just ridiculous . 
  it 's a british article and british people can spot yanks a mile away . 
  no one here is saying `` patriot '' . 
  stop being offended . 
  or it 's just a drunk fight that happens every night in the uk and because of their nationality and what happened recently everyone is on edge . 
  i see the police are treating it as a `` potential hate crime '' . 
  lets not pretend there is not a chance they could have gotten it wrong and it was just a fight outside a pub . 
  why are you comparing the us to europe like europe is one country ? 
  you ca n't just pick and choose stats from a random european country and label the whole continent with it . 
   the us colleges are the best in the world that 's not exactly true overall . 
  you have some of the better performing ones but if you are trying to tell me they are all the same level then you are having a laugh . 
   i 'm starting to fucking hate the uneducated how is this upvoted here ? 
  it 's literal hate towards a group of people . 
  how about hating the system that puts them there in the first place ? 
  hey , i take offence to that !, 
  maybe the * english * are like that but we are pissed by midday at the latest . 
  tunnocks actually supported the no vote and some crazy yes voters boycotted them and did a `` protest '' . 
  not bad actually means `` quite good '' in the uk . 
  or sometimes even better . 
  for example , that world cup win was not bad , mate !, 
  no wonder everyone thinks you are idiots . 
  boston is irish as far as i know . 
  scots are all over the us because they were mostly protestants and more welcome at the time . 
  i think you mean swamp german . 
  i prefer, 
  you say laudrup , but is is mostly michael or do you get some random scottish people asking about brian ? 
  yeah listen to the turkish-russian guy , stereotypes are bad !, 
  when they remember to shave , yes . 
  i think the mindset is : slightly darker skin ? 
  ahhhhhhhhhh , must be a gypsy or someone otherwise dangerous !, 
  not true for glasgow , we actually have scottish gypsies . 
  if you live in the uk then i find this really hard to believe as everyone is taught it at school . 
  there is also literally zero chance a jewish person would not know about world war 2 . 
  you assume our drinking has set hours . 
  how cute . 
  defo mate , ignorant cunts !, 
  so ... just like glasgow then ? 
  i feel like our countries ( scotland and finland ) could be better friends , we drink , we stab , we hate our larger neighbours and no one can properly invade us because it 's just not bloody worth it . 
  exactly . 
  now if they were burning weed and pancakes , that 's another story . 
  scottish tourists will literally go for the ones with towels and leave the empty ones . 
  just to prove a point . 
  want to swap drunk finns for drunk british people ? 
  call it a cultural exchange !, 
  nothing , the redditor was just pointing out they wont be happy , albeit with sarcasm . 
  they did invade georgia not so long ago so it 's a valid comment . 
   but a major point of snp 's scottish independence was based on quick eu membership which is really stupid of them , we might have voted to stay in the eu because that was a sensible decision but if they keep ignoring what is happening at a local level it will come back to bite them . 
  i can assure you the vast majority of scots do not care about the eu or europe that much and are far more concerned with what is happening here . 
  we just want out nhs situation and housing shortage fixed and if they keep ignoring that , it wo n't end well . 
  the eu question - 1,661,191 votes independence - 3,623,344 votes see the difference here ? 
  over 2 million more people voted in the independence referendum . 
   you ca n't question the territorial integrity of scotland without also questioning the territorial integrity of england . 
  which is exactly what i was doing . 
  sturgeon has the snp 's best interests at heart . 
  if she had scotland 's interests at heart then her own constituency would not be the most deprived area in scotland . 
  we would not have a huge housing shortage and we would not have the nhs crisis we are now . 
  it might look fine and dandy from the outside but try living here and actually needing something from the public services . 
  \\ #giveusafuckingbreakalready, 
  by that logic , the east coast right up to the forth should go to england . 
  it was an english kingdom first after all . 
  can i make it clear , sturgeon and salmond seem to be suggesting that because scottish people voted to stay in the eu , they must want independence , that is utter bullshit . 
  it 's not a coincidence that we had two referendums recently and some people might have voted for both of the majorities for christ sake . 
  both of them were the sensible decision . 
  utterly sick of this shite to be honest .
