  still , you come across as quite ignorant and patronising with this comment . 
  i guess you picked that up from the replies so far . 
  a bit heated , though also what to be expected now that your international standing has suffered thanks to your president . 
  people are rather fed up with ignorant americans right now and might have less patience with that kind of behaviour . 
  but hey , good on you for taking the comments in stride . 
  i can respect that . 
  it 's made more clear in your follow up comments . 
  i just saw a rather large amount of somewhat aggressive replies and figured that i could tell you why it happened . 
  i mean , it was my 3 am and i was kept awake by thunder over paris ( where i 'm currently on a short vacation ) and thought i should explain it to you . 
  how did you like london ? 
  did you eat any fish n ' chips ? 
  london is a delightful city . 
  i lived near it for about five months a few years ago and would take the train to london every so often since it only took about 30 minutes . 
  i got familiar enough to the inner city parts that i ended up helping other tourists find their way . 
  and i really like the city . 
  perhaps not for the same reasons you do since i 'm from gothenburg ( it 's the second largest city in sweden and has about one million people ) . 
  it 'd look like a scaled down version of london to you , i think . 
  similar buildings , narrow streets , quite green with trees and rivers in the city centre and a lot of restaurants and coffee shops everywhere . 
  i like the atmosphere in london . 
  even if it took some time to get used to everyone calling me madam/miss . 
  their food . 
  it might be what the rest of europe mocks them for . 
  do n't take me wrong , i love me some fish n ' chips , but it 's pub grub . 
  is n't the vinegar usually a condiment to the dish ? 
  as in you have a bottle of it on the table and you can pour some on your food if you want ? 
  you mean how any other store but grocery stores and food places tend to close at around 6-8 pm ? 
  i dunno , you get used to it . 
  who goes shopping clothes at midnight ? 
  while i dislike stockholm on principle ( as someone from gothenburg i 'm obligated to mock the capital ) i wish you and your partner the best in sweden . 
  you 'll definitely find it easy to get a job in tech over here , if you have n't already . 
  good luck with everything !, 
  not sure if you 're serious or not , but i 'd be happy to explain why you want slow cc on the head in ds . 
  if you 're just being sarcastic : a +, 
  not at all . 
  he 'll do a large bite animation at the start of every attempt ( head rears back , he bites down hard ) . 
  after that he 'll do much smaller animations while already at the islands . 
  the third of the small bites or the fourth bite in the entire chain will break the island . 
  here 's a video which shows the burnphase where they cc 'd at different stages for each attempt . 
  i think it 'll show you the difference quite well : https://youtu.be/chf611_2xti?t=23, 
  i 'd recommend playing through the game and level as you go along on your first try . 
  yes , gliding is helpful in core tyria as well , but it 's not needed . 
  the maps are n't built for it to be needed . 
  and it does n't take that long for you to level to 80 . 
  look around each map , do events ( the orange circles that pop up ) and especially those near and connected to hearts as that will give you experience for both . 
  when you hit lvl 15 ( if you have n't already ) you can go to a new starting zone and continue there . 
  no need to go to the higher level maps yet thanks to scaling . 
  at lvl 30 you can start doing dungeons and they give a lot of exp as well . 
  in them you might find people that invite you to a guild ( if that has n't already happened ) and guildmates will help you immensely as well . 
  so yeah , take it slow , get a grasp of the game and boost your second character instead . 
  at least that 's my recommendation . 
  especially since even the starting hot mission will be tricky if you 're completely new . 
  oh , if you love playing music you should check out a bard guild . 
  there are some that hold concerts and things in game . 
  band of bard , minstrel 's waypoint and musician 's guild of tyria are the ones that come to mind , but you might very well find some more . 
  they have videos on youtube that you might enjoy . 
  eh , honest mistake . 
  at least you owned up to it . 
  and i 'm impressed that `` an idiot texan '' got it right when it comes to what countries are scandinavian . 
  welcome back !, 
  are you on the us or eu servers ? 
  if you 're on the us servers feel free to send me a pm . 
  i have three or four bags with 15 slots that i might as well send you since i 'm planning on getting 20 slots for fractal currencies ( fractals are sort of endgame dungeons ) . 
  and , you know , feel free to ask me some questions . 
  when it comes to bags : look into bigger bags rather than bag slots first . 
  you can get 15 slots off the tp quite cheaply . 
  and if you wan na upgrade your account i definitely think that it 's worth getting both hot and pof . 
  but wait a week or so and see if you still enjoy the game . 
  yeah , when you start playing again you 'll probably be quite broke . 
  i recommend going to the silverwastes and do the meta event there in an organised group if you want gold . 
  you 'll get a ridiculous amount of loot from one circle . 
  if you want to find it just go into the lfg window ( y ) and check central tyria - squads . 
  you want something like sw , riba farm . 
  that stands for silverwastes and then red , indigo , blue and amber which is the order of the forts that everyone will run between in order to defend them against the enemy mobs . 
  it 's such a popular farm that you have guilds dedicated to it . 
  in heart of thorns maps , verdant brink , auric basin , tangled depths and dragon 's stand the best farm for loot ( ie gold ) is auric basin . 
  but you 'll get more out of it if you level your masteries a bit ( at least the ones you need for your personal hot-story ) and learn your elite spec . 
  when it comes to fractals : there are 18 different fractals with separate stories and mechanics that exist in a tier system , t1-t4 . 
  each tier covers 25 scales , meaning the easiest is scale 1 and the hardest is scale 100 . 
  the first tier can be done in fully exotic armour and trinkets . 
  the later tiers introduce a mechanic called agony which you will die from if you do n't have agony resistance , ar . 
  you can only put ar infusions in ascended gear . 
  and ascended gear is trickier to get . 
  to get ascended for one class i 'd do this as a new player :, 
  finish your hot-story . 
  after that you 'll start a short quest which will reward you with an ascended sword , dagger , shield , greatsword or scepter . 
  if you finish your elite spec ( say druid for rangers ) you 'll get an ascended weapon unique for that spec ( a staff in this case which is the druid 's healing weapon ) . 
  then you can use laurels ( daily log-in rewards ) , guild commendations ( rewards for taking part in guild missions ) and fractal relics ( the fractal currency ) for ascended rings , amulets and accessories . 
  at least for so-called vanilla stats ( any stat combo which existed before hot ) . 
  meaning that i 'd look into any class where you want to use the berserker stats ( for direct power damage ) . 
  that 's currently elementalist , thief and guardian for pure damage , warrior and mesmer for support . 
  once you have your weapons and trinkets ascended , you can start looking into your backpack and your armour . 
  fastest way for a backpack would be the living world maps that you might not have unlocked . 
  armour can be crafted , dropped with rng in pvp , wvw , fractals and raids and you can also buy it directly through the raids vendor . 
  so one way of getting into fractals would be learning a class that is used in raids and then start raiding once you get back into the game a little . 
  sorry for the long reply . 
  i keep forgetting the pail when it 's not halloween . 
  so that goes for 3 corn cobs , right ? 
  meaning 3000 candy corn if you have it . 
  else the cobs go for 3 gold , 95 silver right now . 
  so 11 gold , 85 silver for a 20 slot bag .
