i 'd go with rikssvenska if i were you . 
  it 's the national dialect so you 'll be understood everywhere if you stick with that pronunciation , grammar and vocabulary . 
  and do n't worry if you pick up other dialects sometimes and get confused about the correct pronunciation of a word according to rikssvenska . 
  i , as a native , have at least two different ways of pronouncing quite a few words because even the dictionary will tell you that some words can be pronounced in more than one way . 
  and since i have friends and family from all over sweden that confuses me as well . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  i 'd also pick riksvenska since it may be a bit odd to learn a dialect if you do n't live in that particular area . 
  but it 's up to you . 
  and to explain the phenomenon you noticed : most words with the dreaded `` sj-sound '' at the end ( like kanske and garage ) can be pronounced differently and the pronunciation varies across the country . 
  i do n't even know which version belongs to which part of sweden . 
  so stick with the version you find easier since the sj-sound in question is considered quite complicated and it 's difficult enough for most learners to even master one of the versions . 
  i see . 
  yes , that would be quite tricky . 
  well , i just made a post on / r/svenska in which i offered my help for people who want to learn more about sweden , the swedish language and/or culture . 
  i 'd be glad to offer you pointers over skype once in a while if you 'd like . 
  i know that most people who are studying swedish have trouble grasping the intricacies of the many different vowel sounds . 
  that 's the easiest way to spot if someone is a native speaker or not since so few learners can tell the difference ( or even understand the importance ) . 
  i 'd be happy to explain it to the best of my ability . 
  and anything else you might be wondering , of course . 
  just let me know . 
  oh , really ? 
  that would be lovely . 
  it 's always interesting to discuss cultural differences . 
  send me a pm and we can continue the discussion here or through emails . 
  i 'm quite sure that you understand swedish well enough , but i thought i should translate just in case ( at least in the beginning ) . 
  it 's great to hear that you 're learning swedish for your girlfriend . 
  then you have a great motivation to learn . 
  send me a pm if you want to keep in touch , either through pms or mail . 
  it would be great fun to help you improve your swedish . 
  yeah , it would be awesome  just send me a pm with or without your email if you 're still interested and i 'll give you my email . 
  it 'd be nice to know who 's linked to which email , you know . 
  take care !, 
  please do !, 
  i know how easy it is to let language skills slip away . 
  my french , for example , is atrocious . 
  i can hardly order at a restaurant nowadays . 
  just a quick question : where are you from ? 
  i 'm assuming that you 're a native english speaker from what you wrote ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) but since there are slight differences between british and american grammar it 'd be easier if i knew which one you use . 
  but anyway , back to your actual post :, 
  ah , word order . 
  that 's just down to grammar , i 'm afraid . 
  well , swedish follow the subject -- verb -- object ( svo ) order , just like english . 
  but swedish , since it 's a germanic language , also have the so called v2 word order . 
  that means that the finite verb appear in second position of a declarative main clause . 
  to put it simpler : the inflicted verb always comes in second position to whatever word/phrase you use in the beginning of the sentence to emphasise your point . 
  so , in your example :, 
  the `` vet '' in `` jag vet inte '' is inflicted since it 's the only verb in the sentence and since it shows tense . 
  that means it has to come second to `` jag '' which is the main clause . 
  if you choose to say `` inte vet jag '' , `` inte '' becomes your declarative main clause and so `` vet '' has to come before `` jag '' . 
  the `` jag '' ( i ) / '' mig '' ( me ) in `` inte jag '' or `` inte mig '' comes down to whether you ( since this was the way you used it in your example , i 'm sticking with it to avoid going into too much grammar ) are a subject ( = jag ) or an object ( = mig ) in the sentence . 
  in english the accusative ( or objective ) form , `` me '' , is the default form . 
  this means that where a pronoun is not serving a role relative to an explicit verb ( like when it is the simple answer to a question ) , accusative pronouns are standard . 
  while the dative ( or subjective ) form , `` i '' , is the default in swedish . 
  that means you can use `` me '' as a single-worded reply in english . 
  but using `` mig '' in the same fashion does n't make sense , since `` jag '' is the default :, 
  - who wants candy ? 
  and `` en '' ( common ) and `` ett '' ( neuter ) nouns ... those are indeed mostly arbitrary and must be memorised . 
  but there are a few things which might help you :, 
  en - common :, 
  * around three quarters of all the nouns are common gender . 
  * living beings are often common nouns . 
  en pojke , en flicka , en hund and en katt , etc. 
  this is a remnant from when things where considered either feminine , masculine or neutral . 
  utrum ( the more classical term for common nouns ) comes from the latin `` uter '' - either of the two . 
  which , in this case , means it 's either feminine or masculine . 
  * common-nouns have the suffixes - n or - en in definitive form singular and the suffixes - na , - a or - en in definitive form plural . 
  a memory rule there could be that swedish names ending in `` a '' are almost always feminine and only the common nouns have a history of being considered feminine . 
  * neuter - nouns ending with a consonant in singular usually has the same form in plural :, 
  please let me know if you thought that this explanation was lacking and i 'll try to explain it further . 
  and if you think that i might be able to answer any further questions please pm me and i 'll see what i can do . 
  for future reference : i 'd recommend checking in / r/svenska . 
  thank you . 
  really , thank you . 
  i 'm ashamed to admit that i had n't heard this song before now . 
  and i 'm from sweden . 
  this was just ... ridiculously epic . 
  i 've got goosebumps . 
  this is a bit off topic , but what will you be studying in gothenburg ? 
  and for how long will you stay ? 
  i 'm from gothenburg , you see . 
  which might explain why i 'm curious , 
  that sounds very interesting . 
  and you 'll be at the right place for metal  then you 'll be at humanisten ( the faculty of arts ) , right ? 
  i studied english at gu a while back and was in the the same building . 
  just send me a pm if you have any questions about gothenburg , sweden or even our ridiculous language . 
  i 'd be happy to help . 
  hey , i could always show you the best coffee shops so you can be prepared for all the fikas , 
  well , let me know when you 're prepared to tackle swedish , 
  the city is called v\u00e4xj\u00f6 . 
  are you going to study at linn\u00e9universitet ( linnaeus university ) ? 
  i ca n't think of any other universities around v\u00e4xj\u00f6 but i 'm not from the area so i might be wrong . 
  anyway , if you 're motivated i 'm sure you 'll learn quite a lot in two years . 
  i 'd love to help but i need a bit more information before i can point you in the direction of good textbooks and websites :, 
  i 'm assuming english is your native language ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) , but do you speak american or british english ? 
  do you speak any other languages or would swedish be your second language ? 
  and what 's your preferred learning method ? 
  do you have an easy time memorising things or do you need them explained as well ? 
  have you been taught english grammar and would you be comfortable with complicated grammatical terms ? 
  and can you read ipa ( the international phonetic alphabet ) or would you prefer an audio guide when practising pronunciation , melody and pitch ? 
  and , of course , how much would you be willing to spend on materials ?
