  i 'm asking since i know that there 's a lot of crap in food from the us that you might want to look out for in general . 
  i wish you the very best of luck then . 
  yes , most of our patients ( or rather clients since they need little to no medical help ) only receive help with cleaning and/or taking their medicine due to their poor eyesight and decreased fine motor ability . 
  some of them are almost 100 and still enjoy taking walks and taking care of their gardens . 
  the obese ones are not close to a hundred . 
  and they are not active . 
  they just move around from different places to lie down or sit . 
  which is so sad because they are very social , but they ca n't get out and so they get lonely . 
  i think the biggest blessing for them in dying early is that they do n't have to be so lonely any more . 
  since our patients live out in the swedish countryside by the coast ( where the nearest neighbour can be a few miles away ) they rarely meet anyone except for their family . 
  they just ca n't walk around to their neighbours for a cup of coffee . 
  i can certainly understand your frustration since their care is paid for by taxpayers and the work necessary to look after them is performed by people who are already swamped with other patients . 
  but they are still human and part of whatever society they live in . 
  it is our duty as a part of that society to look after people who ca n't look after themselves , even if they themselves caused their handicap . 
  exactly . 
  and it 's very noticeble when you go back in their patient journals and see how much more earlier they received extra support compared to other patients with similar conditions ( i.e dementia , parkinson 's or alzheimer 's ) . 
  that 's the best way to die : dying peacefully while doing what you love . 
  yep , helping someone who is overweight or obese and has dementia with their basic hygiene is certainly ... interesting . 
  and since some of them forgets how to get up or are convinced that the tools they should use ( a walking frame for example ) does n't exist i 've been forced to simply pull them up . 
  i still remember this program from the us about the rising obesity levels where they showed super-sized coffins for kids . 
  unfortunately , things are affected by reality no matter how bleak the outcome is . 
  and i get so frustrated when some people refuse to realise the truth just because it is inconvenient . 
  what will happen will happen no matter how much you wished it would n't and denying facts is just a waste of time and effort . 
  why not spend that effort on something that will truly help instead of pretending like the huge pink elephant in the room is n't tap dancing ? 
  people is standing around and pointing at the fucking thing . 
  just accept that it is there and avoid it instead of getting crushed by it . 
  i 'm sorry for the rant . 
  i just stumbled across this video about a woman who weighed ~ 500 pounds who said that she felt fine at 25 and did n't care about how she will feel in 10 years . 
  well , as long as you crash a gorgeous car with no one else injured ... like a koenigsegg agera one :1 . 
  i would n't mind dying in one of those . 
  nope . 
  there 's frozone ( that guy with ice powers in the incredibles ) and he 's voiced by samuel l. jackson . 
  but i would n't be surprised if tip is the first black main protagonist in a cgi film . 
  true story . 
  every white person can spell every white name ever . 
  my last name ends with '' - str\u00f6m '' and i 've never heard anyone who is n't scandinavian spell ( or pronounce ) it correctly . 
  that '' \u00d6 '' apparently turns my very swedish ( i mean white ) name into somethong which requires a rosetta stone to decipher . 
  you should see it spelt on plane tickets !, 
  and my first name is sara . 
  a name old as dirt and incredibly common . 
  but after living with my british housemates for 5 months they still could n't pronounce it like i do . 
  i guess my white privilege kept me from getting offended . 
  \\ #thestruggleisreal, 
  apparently the backslash stays , but at least i have a hashtag now . 
  thanks !, 
  i know . 
  sorry , current heatwave has done strange things to my brain . 
  i prefer -20 \u00b0 c to +30 \u00b0 c. 
  hopefully i wo n't forget the shame of this moment and double check next time . 
  thanks for the patience though . 
  i 'm actually amazed that i have n't done any errors that are even more glaringly obvious since i 'm currently typing on a not-very-bilingual-phone . 
  yep . 
  and you should have heard their attempts to pronounce it `` for real '' as they put it . 
  still ca n't decide if the british way of saying sarah is closer to my name than their attempts to say sara . 
  but i appreciated the effort . 
  a scottish name combined with all that consonant dropping ? 
  must have been interesting . 
  i drink my dark coffee black ( or with a splash of milk if it 's too hot and i 'm in a hurry ) and would never add sugar to it . 
  i tried it once when i started drinking coffee and could n't even finish the cup . 
  i 've tried a mocha once and found it nauseatingly sweet . 
  give me black coffee , a cappuccino or an espresso and keep that sweet crap away from me . 
  but seriously , what was the most disgusting shit you ever poured into a cup ? 
  there 's a part of me that really wants to know . 
  that depends on what sort of free trade you 're after . 
  if you want access to the single market then you have to accept the four freedoms . 
  free movement of goods , services , capital and people . 
  if you want some sort of free trade deal with the eu then you could look at the deal between canada and the eu for example . 
  but a similar deal would not give uk financial services the eu market access that they have now . 
  if would be hard for london-based banks to get `` passporting '' rights for their services in the eu ( which allows british banks authorised to operate in one member state to operate in all of them ) . 
  the deal with norway and switzerland includes movement of people . 
  and norway has more access to the single market than switzerland since they contribute more to the eu budget . 
  what sort of free trade agreement are you expecting ? 
  well , services make up about 80 % of the uk economy right ? 
  the canadian deal does not give their financial services the eu market access that any member state has . 
  it would be hard for london-based banks to get `` passporting '' rights for their services in the eu . 
  those rights allows banks authorised to operate in one member state to operate in all of them . 
  i 'd guess that the lack of guarantee for a free movement of services is one of the reason for the talk of banks leaving london . 
  well , there is no such thing as either a nordic language or a nordic accent . 
  only four of the five nordic countries speak a north germanic language ( danish , icelandic , norwegian and swedish ) . 
  and out of those you 'd only consider danish , norwegian and swedish as part of the scandinavian languages as they are ( somewhat ) mutually intelligible . 
  that 's also why scandinavia is made up of denmark , norway and sweden while iceland and finland are included in the five nordic countries . 
  and english is considered west germanic , together with dutch and german . 
  but our common germanic roots make it easier to learn each others languages . 
  and english has been influenced by old norse ( among other languages ) in the past so there are some added similarities . 
  two things that popped up for me when reading that article and your comment :, 
  * is n't the major reason why we group the continental scandinavian languages ( swedish , danish and norwegian ) together simply that they are the languages spoken in the three scandinavian countries ? 
  so even * if * english turned out to be a north germanic language it would not be considered scandinavian ? 
  * english got * they * , * them * and * there * . 
  and i guess that * are * would be a big thing ? 
  * syndon * was used for * to be * before that , i believe . 
  alright , i 'm not british and i have n't kept myself updated when it comes to what your government and media tell you about the negotiations between the uk and the eu . 
  i 've seen things about trying to negotiate a trade deal before triggering article 50 ; before brexit is done ; trying to keep eu organisations in london ; warning the eu about punishing the uk ; and may talking about turning the uk into a tax haven if the uk was n't granted access to the single market ( without the free movement of people ) . 
  i might very well be wrong about this , but it does seem like a lot of people - including some of your politicians - still are n't aware of the difference between being a member of the single market and being a partner in a free trade deal . 
  i 've also seen people talk about a trade deal like the canadian one . 
  which seemed odd to me as that one does not focus on services and would not grant british banks passport rights . 
  i thought services and higher education was a large part of your economy ? 
  so , if you do n't mind me asking , what is going on ? 
  do the tories want a tariff free trade deal with less eu regulations ? 
  london is quite old , not built for cars , so unless you were in the more modern looking areas ( glass and metal skyscrapers everywhere ) i guess i can see how an american would get confused . 
  you are used to young cities and expect a certain look .
