  we 'd be happy to take you in and torture you with our language . 
  berlin : / ^ ), 
  `` geh dich erh\u00e4ngen '' go hang yourself in german as well . 
  we give you the k\u00e4sk\u00f6ppe and we get sweden . 
  edit : just kidding we love our neighbours even though they have a speech problem . 
  as you are from germany i would recommend `` who am i '' if you have n't already watched it . 
  i do n't like a lot of german movies as they are very german and involve medicore acting . 
  but that movie is pure gold . 
  also , the directors of that movie worked on the first german netflix original called `` dark '' . 
  i am sorry but i do n't know the release date . 
  i got a ~ ~ better ~ ~ final solution . 
  we can collect the citizenship under one flag , you know , like one that is black , red and gold . 
  i discussed this serveral times with my grandparents and we have different opinions on this . 
  i think it is bad to shoot them since we only have a few in germany . 
  and my grandpa thinks that it is ok to shoot them since they kill the sheep etc. 
  in my opinion , farmers should just build better fences around their sheep . 
  maybe paid with tax money ? 
  mother from east frasia , father from northrhine-westphalia . 
  i spent most of my holidays in east frasia at my grandma and grandpa so i picked up that habit there . 
  to a german i am a westfale ( westphalian ) since i was born and raised here . 
  and to the rest of the world i am a german . 
  of course i am also a german to the other people in germany , but we take pride in our regions . 
  my internet crashes about 3 times a day . 
  it will probably crash within the next hour . 
  it 's more like some kind of rock sugar . 
  i like to describe it as a sugar rock . 
  i always drink two cups of black tea with cream and [ kluntje ] ( http://www.dieteegalerie.de/kluntje-kandis-200g/a-2569/ ) . 
  edit : i forgot to mention , kluntje first , then tea , then cream . 
  oh well i did n't think of that . 
  guess i am really stupid . 
  i actually meant lower case since \u00df looks like a b , i mean what is \u00df even ? 
  lower , upper , middle ? 
  haha i got a similar story . 
  my grandma was also scared of the americans and ran away from them . 
  she hid in a field but they found her and brought her home safely . 
  she also said they gave them food and sweets . 
  also , the british founded northrhine westphalia . 
  fun fact : switzerland introduced the right for women to vote in 1974, 
  how about you give us your part of frisia ? 
  do n't use ` sz ' ss is a thing to be used for \u00df , but sz is just discribing it when you spell something or so . 
  \u00df is also called ' sharp s ' and has no lower case . 
  wait it is illegal in austria as well ? 
  one more reason to join us . 
  hey is me you cousin , want to retake our lebensraum ? 
  you 're not the better germany . 
  you are little germany , 
  it is ok little germany . 
  one day we will unite . 
  what is a bielefeld ? 
  and sacr\u00e9 c\u0153ur is a really beautiful place , too !, 
  i was there with my french class and it was breath taking . 
  the only downside is that there are people trying to scam you . 
  when i were there they tried to grab your arm tie you a wristband and then they want you to pay `` little money '' for it . 
  the shocking thing is that when we went up the stairs some policemen were casually patrolling around with their weapons . 
  arc de triumph is a good sight to watch over paris . 
  the way up is really impressive and the view is so beautiful . 
  however lots of tourists . 
  we 'll see how you do and after we stabilized/merged our economy we can talk about our wages . 
  aight let 's make a deal , you join germany and we declare you western european ( that sounds really fucking snooty ), 
  well they kinda were part of us , you know , history . 
  if you really liked civ 5 you shoul pick up civ 6 . 
  if you kinda liked civ 5 wait for civ 6 to be on sale . 
  it is a very nice game with some flaws . 
  ai is kinda fucked up and sometimes it crashes and you have to load a previous safe . 
  anyways i wish you a lot of fun with cs . 
  can confirm i draw the line behind germany/poland . 
  i am sorry . 
  i am not quite sure how we get a huge battleship there . 
  i mean sure we could drive them down the rivers but they can easily blocked . 
  how about we get lindau as well ? 
  well the loss of culture might be due to one or two wars we had as big germany . 
  hey and maybe we can trade bavaria for austria or something ;-), 
  - saarland + alsace lorraine we can switch after some years again . 
  :( / #makegermanybigagain, 
  but what about alsace lorraine ? 
  we always had this dispute with france about alsace lorraine , now it 's our turn to play with it again !, 
  but what about adding austria to germany and the german speaking part of switzerland to germany ? 
  i am sorry but i have to stop you right there . 
  i am not sure what part of germany you are from , that might be the reason for our different experiences , but halloween is really taking off in germany . 
  seeing you speak of st. martins day i guess you are from bavaria , but i am not sure . 
  i live in north-rhine westphalia and kids dress up each year and go around collecting sweets and more than 5 % of houses give out sweets . 
  i used to live in a small village , we moved to a rural area 6km away from the city , and i used to go trick or treating every year with friends and we got a lot of sweets . 
  on the other hand i have never really experienced st. martins day . 
  well meaning i have never given out candy to kids on st. martins day . 
  they all go by with their lanterns singing songs ( mostly kindergarten kids ) but never try to get candy . 
  i am living in western germany ( north rhine-westphalia ) and my grandparents are living about 15km away from me in a city called ` burgsteinfurt ' and although most of the city is partly modern today there is still the old part of the city with the houses from the middle ages . 
  even the streets in that part are mostly old and some of them are very narrow with the houses being closely side by side . 
  not sure if you are interested but a ` furt ' is the part of a river that you can cross by foot or in a vehicle . 
  i do n't know the english word for the other readers in here though . 
  6km away from a village and they got fiber in 2015 ; _ ; want to hear something funny ? 
  before this provider i had telekom and got 150-200kb / s. 
  haha hd !, 
  you are funny !, 
  and i am sitting here in germany paying 30 $ a month for 200-300kb / s down and maybe 100kb/s up . 
  merkel is from the cdu which is a christian party . 
  and she said in an interview that gay marriage is not one of her plans . 
  ( correct me if i am wrong ) . 
  guess they forgot invincible, 
  i 'm speaking of the overall economical benefits for countries in the eu . 
  come back when you have edible food or a strong union with other countries that creates an economical uprise !,
