cuz there is so much fog around your island ;-), 
  i like jews !, 
  germany is establishing a cyber unit called `` cyberkommando '' to fight hacker attacks and this makes me wonder what other countries already have those . 
  i should add that we already got the bnd , but from what i heard is the cyberkommando a unit of the bundeswehr . 
  [ i present to you , river gee county ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/river_gee_county . ), 
  how the turn tables !, 
  i ca n't stand most german dubs anymore since i started watching movies and series in english . 
  not to say they are bad , i just think the voices do not fit most of the time . 
  that said i think the german voice of dr. house is better than the original one . 
  * takes money out of purse *, 
  pineapple on kebab pizza , 
  hon hon !, 
  oh boy i could be one of them and not even know it !, 
  the word full control threw me of . 
  but even the edit part . 
  i guess i could just say that my doc ca n't edit it , but i am sure they made sure that there is no loop hole . 
  but why would i want to control my medical records ? 
  could n't i just change my medical record then ? 
  i am actually really amazed and proud about this . 
  one or two weeks before the elections in nrw we had some politicians from the parties of the landtag at our school and could ask them question . 
  when a teacher asked us the day before what we want to ask them i said i want to know their opinion on gay marriage . 
  i got laughs from the class , which i did n't understand . 
  so next day they come to the school talk a bit and then i ask them about gay marriage . 
  i do n't think the other students thought about this being a problem prior . 
  not saying they are against it , just maybe not aware of it . 
  every party member except for the one of the cdu agreed that we should legalize it . 
  i am happy that homosexuals are able to marry now !, 
  and do n't forget the beer foutain at the wedding . 
  strange neighbors though . 
  western germany more outgoing ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you could hear a needle dropping when you are on the bus . 
  or more accurate the people falling over when the bus driver is breaking too hard . 
  not my parents , but my grandpa . 
  he told me of the fingstochse and how he would come out around easter and kill people in the nearby village . 
  he also said you could see him running along the seawall . 
  well he did not say it so we behave . 
  he just wanted to have some fun . 
  i want to leach onto this and say that shanties \u00e0 la santiago are great . 
  france cuz if it ca n't be germany , it might at least be the second best . 
  can confirm . 
  live in a rural are and owned a scooter . 
  the mofapr\u00fcfbescheinigung even has my name spelled wrong :(, 
  this actually makes sense . 
  i never thought about this !, 
  why is it always the chinese taking the pictures ? 
  this thread is full of 'em . 
  pretty sure he just means stopping and fining you . 
  there is a funny video i 'd post now but i am waiting for my train . 
  it is a german cop drop kicking someone of his scooter . 
  ( only for fake television though ) . 
  csgo all day every day . 
  we switched from oil to wood pallets as it is cheaper . 
  we also put solar panels on our roof that heat up a bit of water in the summer . 
  no joke , the water can get really hot once the sun starts shining . 
  edit : we also have a fireplace to heat up our house during the winter . 
  the wood is either bought from some shop , bought from our neighbours , or found on the side of the road . 
  this is something i do n't get . 
  why do americans , obv not all of them , claim they are e.g. 
  irish or french when their great great grandparents or something like that moved there ? 
  my grandfather came from poland , but i never learned something about the polish culture , do n't speak polish and grew up in germany . 
  even if i would learn polish and learn something about their culture , i 'd still be german . 
  germoney is an insider between my friends and me . 
  i 'll write that in my dating profile . 
  oh my god erdnussflips are the best . 
  why are they so good . 
  what is their secret ? 
  my grandma has a house on juist . 
  she was born in emden ( which was completly bombed ) and moved to juist at the age of 15 . 
  she met my grandpa there and even though he is dead . 
  she still lives there and i will visit her in about two weeks . 
  they are a small party and are not even an option to vote for at the next election but i agree about 90 % or more with them . 
  i am currently waiting for my train , but i can give some stuff about them . 
  it is on german but i could translate it if needed . 
  honestly never heard of it . 
  maybe just not common in my area . 
  never heard k\u00e4rcher used as high pressure cleaner . 
  i think `` hochdruckreiniger '' is still more common . 
  i can see why they do n't have the catalonian flag . 
  would you like to part from spain ? 
  and would you then like to still be part of the eu ? 
  i only know about andorra due to a browsergame that i played a lot and that was bought by a company from andorra . 
  you can always come back my bohemian brother . 
  we got the beer in the fridge and the schnitzel in the pan . 
  i guess most are shocked about our variety of bread and rolls . 
  we got them all . 
  black , white , weltmeister . 
  burgsteinfurt in the m\u00fcnsterland also has cobblestone roads in the old part of the city . 
  it is really charming to be honest . 
  to be honest i would not pay something that is 10 $ with a card . 
  i had shopping with a card in general . 
  now french kiss . 
  those folks were n't using a vpn then . 
  the german gov does usually not go in depth and ca n't be bothered to deal with a vpn . 
  only one guy i know got a warning for something . 
  i do n't quite remember though and it was done in 2008 or so . 
  if i recall correctly the case is shut now with no evidence or something like that . 
  i will ask him later . 
  that makes sense . 
  ursula , 50 , and working at k+k is just way better than fake smiles .
