  a nice hello , maybe some chit chat about things if you shop there regularly and then a ` have a nice day ' . 
  quick , efficient and simple . 
  wait waze was made by google ? 
  i always use it when i drive somewhere i have never been and got to use it today when i 'm driving to cologne . 
  whenever i buy something expensive my parents start convertig it to dmark and then talk about how much it is . 
  a little neat thing maybe worth mentioning is that the eu actually provides money for cultural causes . 
  i was at my local cinema yesterday . 
  it is a really old one with only two screens and not overly shiny . 
  the cinema recieved money from the eu and my state district ( northrhine - westphalia ) . 
  really glad about this . 
  i do n't think they make a lot of money with it , but it feels like a second home to me . 
  the thing is that you have to think like a citizen during those times . 
  you 're most likely from a worker family and spend the time after school you would spend your time in the hitlerjugend being drilled for the war . 
  propaganda would tell you that the allies are bad people and you could n't tell wether they are really that bad or not . 
  i actually wrote a test on why one would say nazis are good at that period . 
  of course there is a small chance that you are a rebel , but during the hitler regime that is also your death . 
  [ ja gut woran hat es gelegen ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz1skbylipk ), 
  mhh i still ca n't see it as a drinking song , but i can see why they used it as one . 
  i do n't understand this either . 
  how is `` einigkeit und recht und freiheit f\u00fcr das deutsche vaterland '' something you use as a drinking game . 
  i would like to revoke my statement . 
  germany would like a word with you . 
  sorry that i ca n't help you , but i wanted to share a little story . 
  some chinese guy added me on steam and i thought he wanted to scam my cs skins . 
  turns out he just wanted to talk and practise his english . 
  we talk from time to time and when i asked him how he find me he said `` i found you on the internet '' . 
  i like him but we are n't online at the same time . 
  i am not frequently using a train . 
  but when i am in cologne , the trains are always there at the said time . 
  where will we meet for the fight ? 
  different beer brands in germany . 
  we got a local brewery called rolinck , which was bought by krombacher some time ago , and people from my hometown will only serve you rolinck . 
  if i go to friends just 10km away from where i live , they all drink krombacher . 
  every region has their own favorite . 
  the northern parts like east frisia drink herb beer like jever or k\u00f6nigspilsener . 
  funny enough i have to give a presentation on the 30 years war and westphalia peace treaty . 
  not history but religion class though . 
  also helps that i live in m\u00fcnsterland . 
  most schools as far as i experienced fly the german flag at half mast after something tragic happened like a terror attack . 
  my school had the flag at half mast after the manchester attack , but not after the berlin attack . 
  not sure why though . 
  doctor . . that is too strong . 
  are you sure about that doses ? 
  and when you group them up they are male . 
  what school did you go to ? 
  it sounds fucking horrible . 
  we learned all the way from lucy to currently ww2/post-ww 2 ( 12th grade ), 
  i just now know that benelux stands for belgium , netherlands and luxemburg . 
  i feek like an idiot . 
  seeing turing i would like to add tim berners-lee the creator of the world wide web ( www = / = internet ) . 
  he decieded that the world needs a network that does not only exist between unviversaties and created an open network as a source project so others could contribute for free . 
  my great grandma was killed by a bomb while my grandma was shopping . 
  the bomb fell right onto my great grandmas bedroom . 
  i do n't know much about my great grandpa from that site . 
  my great grandpa from the other site was a nazi and volenteered to fight in the war . 
  i do n't know much about him , my grandpa has n't told me much about him . 
  i just know that he died in 1943 , but i do n't know where . 
  platz and der sonne you say ? 
  dutch and flat german ( if that counts ) . 
  i can make out words here and there but it really depends e.g und what flat german ( westphalian or frisian etc ) . 
  our country 's version of area 51 would be bielefeld . 
  does it exist ? 
  what is its purpose ? 
  we will never know . 
  you can replace the bavarians . 
  they also got mountains so you 'll feel at home , plus their language is weired , too . 
  that is where my dutch stops . 
  strange taking into account that i live 30min away from the dutch border . 
  i forgot . 
  well . 
  austria is little germany , we 'll just give you some beer in exchange . 
  oh no austria what is you doing, 
  liechtenstein what zeit is it ? 
  just some banter : ~ ), 
  might have been in school since a lot of schools teach what he did . 
  there are also a lot of streets , buildings and other stuff named after him . 
  bonhoeffer ? 
  nice try but bavria is n't germany . 
  seeing as you are in the film industry . 
  cologne has a solid movie/series industry , but the problem is that those are on german . 
  not sure how that would go for you . 
  living in cologne is really expensive but the small cities around it are quite affordable . 
  though it will be hard to find mexicans in quantity in europe we will find some to send to you . 
  maybe they are even old . 
  also yeah we had colonies , but only because our king wanted them , bismarck never had any interest in colonies as he knew it would make trouble and he already started enough trouble with his treaties . 
  but you can keep the role of the bad guys . 
  we just want to enjoy ourselves for some years without causing trouble . 
  how about we integrade all the german speaking parts of the eu into germany . 
  come on in brothers and sisters . 
  switzerland ? 
  bring those sweet stacks of money and chocolate . 
  sure i guess . 
  luxemburg ? 
  you have some german speaking people right ? 
  just leave us a note at fridge at the next eu conference . 
  netherlands ? ... 
  florida of germany ... maybe ... 
  i might have forget some parts like the germans in belgium . 
  and i could be wrong but some baltic country has german as a mandatory language to learn in school .
