mostly good . 
  there 's bits of american culture and american life i 'm not that fond of , but mostly american culture is benign or positive . 
  the real problem i have is people think `` american culture '' simply means basically * current * hollywood , the sort of * current * pop culture that you see at the oscars and the grammys ( etc. ), 
  plus american sport ( american football , basketball and baseball etc. ), 
  when people say `` is american culture good for our country ? '', 
  they always go back to the most popular of pop culture , ignoring , say , the enormous history of american music -- jazz , soul , funk , blues , rock 'n' roll . 
  without america , you do n't just lose the most recent beyonc\u00e9 album , or the most recent fast and the furious movie , you also lose miles davis , duke ellington , john coltrane , james brown , frank sinatra , elvis , and jimi hendrix . 
  you lose gil scott-heron , you lose marvin gaye , kurt cobain , nina simone , stevie wonder , ray charles , barry white , chuck berry , sarah vaughan and so many others . 
  so , yeah , grumble about miley cyrus , but the same american pop culture that gave us miley cyrus also gave us james brown . 
  and there 's more . 
  i love photography and that would n't even be an artform without america and americans . 
  no disrespect to european photographers , but photographic style and technique would n't have advanced without ansel adams , without dorothea lange , margaret bourke-white , walker evans , william eggleston , lee friedlander , or edward weston . 
  pick any other field of artistic or scientific achievement and you 'll find plenty of americans whose achievements the world would n't want to be without . 
  compared to the average british person , i 'm probably more pro-american than the average . 
  if you start muttering anti-american bullshit around me , i will call you out . 
  it 's a country of 200 million people , your `` lol americans r dumb '' is pretty fucking ignorant . 
  i go to the us more than most , i spend a lot of time reading and thinking about american culture and politics . 
  it 's not a perfect country , and i probably would n't want to live there compared to britain . 
  but it * is * a great country , and americans ought to be proud of a the many great things they have done . 
  exporting some of the greatest music and culture around the world is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  personally , a world without the music of james brown and curtis mayfield would be * intolerable * . 
  people who name their children after brands : chanel , mercedes , dior , armani , calvin and/or klein , versace , prada etc. 
  very tacky . 
  i live in london . 
  people continue to move to london . 
  taxes are pretty much the same as everywhere else in the country . 
  the only real regional variation in tax is in council tax , and that 's not a * huge * variation , certainly not enough that people would seriously consider not living in a particular area because the council tax is too high . 
  life is pretty good in london . 
  the transport system is mostly managing to scale with demand . 
  the cost of living is high , but that 's the same in any similarly-sized city , pretty much anywhere . 
  the air quality is horrible and is making people sick . 
  some areas still have issues with crime : i 've had a few incidents of my own . 
  there 's issues with getting access to healthcare -- people often have to travel some distance to be able to see a doctor ( etc. ), 
  despite london 's many problems , i like living there . 
  i could n't imagine living out in suburbia or some minor provincial city . 
  i 'd miss the great restaurants , nightlife , art galleries and so on . 
  we kept trying to rule ireland . 
  it was n't such a good idea . 
  personally , if britain had to merge with any other country in europe , i 'd suggest the dutch . 
  they seem pretty chill . 
  in the uk , you get no real financial/tax benefit for being married . 
  you get paid child support allowance if you are raising children ( whether you are a single , married , straight , gay , whether the kids are biologically yours , or are adopted/surrogate/the product of a previous relationship ) because the state recognises that this has value to society and needs to be supported . 
  it 's almost as if being married is pretty irrelevant to whether you raise children or not . 
  so , you okay with removing any tax allowances or benefits for married heterosexual couples who do n't want to -- or ca n't -- produce offspring ? 
  quite often . 
  my work requires a fair amount of travel , mostly to the us . 
  i was supposed to go to nyc for work recently but was too sick to travel . 
  i travel to brazil once every year or so because my partner 's family live there . 
  in the last decade , i 've probably spent more time going to countries outside europe ( us , brazil , israel ) than i have countries inside ( mostly france , netherlands and belgium , and a little bit of germany and italy ) . 
  one of my ambitions in the next few years is to spend more time travelling in europe . 
  i 've never been to : berlin , rome , anywhere in spain or portugal ( other than changing planes at lisbon on the way back to london from brazil ) . 
  i want to go back to quite a few places in italy , and back to copenhagen . 
  i think i may need to go to both ireland and italy for work . 
  so , yeah , keep the air miles coming . 
  in the uk , pretty much just slowly during the 20th century . 
  there 's no defining point , like , say , france 's embrace of la\u00efcit\u00e9 , or atat\u00fcrk explicitly removing islam from the turkish constitution . 
  religion retains formal power in the uk . 
  archbishops from the church of england have a number of seats in the upper legislative chamber , the house of lords , on the basis of their position within the church . 
  this is rather symbolic , but the state funding of schools that teach a faith-based curriculum and select students on the basis of their parent 's professed beliefs is a bigger problem . 
  faith schools still divide communities , and there 's little political will to change that , because of the perception that faith schools get better results ( this is mostly explained by the socioeconomic advantages of the children attending faith vs. non-faith schools ) . 
  plenty of people `` fake '' attendance at church of england or roman catholic churches for 3-4 years when their child is born in order to get them access to the school of their choice . 
  religion is losing its grip on the people though . 
  the number of people who profess no religion is growing , and religion is shrinking . 
  the only thing really keeping catholicism going in britain is immigration from poland and other catholic countries . 
  surveys and the census has shown that britain has one of the lowest rates of religious adherence in europe , and that 's a trend that 's going to continue . 
  religion faces a demographic decline : young people are * much , much * less religious than their parents or grandparents . 
  on policy matters like abortion and gay rights , the public tends to have little to no interest in what the church and other religious groups have to say . 
  people are tolerant of different faiths existing , but generally not so happy about representatives of those faiths dictating how they are to live . 
  the real question in the uk is ... when will the power catch up with the social attitudes ? 
  faith schools , bishops in the house of lords , and various other state-granted privileges the religious have , do n't seem to be going anywhere quickly . 
  interest in campaigns for secular reform are small and not really growing . 
  britain is very conservative about its institutions : a lot of people who are n't religious are still unconcerned about the presence of state-supported religion , because that 's part of british history , and people feel very reluctant to want to scrap or reform bits of our historical decoration , even if it is sensible to do so on the grounds of justice and fairness etc. 
  so , yeah , we 're sort of in a stalemate . 
  fewer and fewer people are religious ( and we 're the least religious in europe etc. 
  ) , but the religious continue to have formal power because nobody can really be bothered to take it away from them . 
  my partner is brazilian ( and a naturalised uk citizen ) and learned spanish mostly from a cuban guy , has nothing but good things to say about the cubans he knows . 
  i 'd say this : in britain , not many people think about central and south america . 
  except the whole dust-up with argentina over the falklands/malvinas , we do n't really have any real connection to south america or the spanish-speaking world . 
  which is a shame , because there 's some important stuff we should know about those cultures . 
  but , you know , british people and their disinterest in matters outside our tiny island , especially among people speaking other languages ... 
  sigh . 
  i went to a catholic primary school in britain . 
  they separated out the boys and girls into separate rooms and told them sex was for making babies . 
  and that was about it . 
  this was about age 10 . 
  at my comprehensive and only nominally religious secondary school , sex was discussed within the context of biology lessons . 
  i recall we spent time colouring in fallopian tubes and labelling the various component parts of genitalia . 
  there was some discussion of sex within what were then called `` psce '' ( personal , social and cultural education ) and is now generally called `` pshe '' ( personal , social and health education ) . 
  mostly it was scary stuff about how you should n't have sex until you are older because you might get a terrible disease and die . 
  when i was in school , there was a law in place called [ section 28 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/section_28 ) which made it illegal `` promote the teaching in any maintained school of the acceptability of homosexuality as a pretended family relationship '' . 
  yes , british law used to say that gay relationships were just `` pretend '' . 
  there was therefore no discussion of lgbt stuff , or any real effort to combat homophobia . 
  the law also made it so teachers could n't feel like they could support or help students who came out or seemed to act like they might be lgbt . 
  i 'm glad that stupid law has finally gone . 
  fortunately , there was an amazingly cool swedish drama teacher who taught some sensible home truths , on the basis that nobody else was going to . 
  basically told all the kids that that sex was good so long as you were over the age of consent , and that you did it safely and consensually , and that being gay was perfectly fine and normal . 
  she stood up for anyone being bullied and would send anyone who was cruel or bullying out . 
  all of them , it seems . 
  signal , whatsapp , facebook messenger , imessage , discord , google hangouts , slack and irc . 
  i 'd really like to have a few less on that list .
