  and there is a lot of those in balkans . 
  also , the people on the border and not the only ones targeted with the message . 
  information spreads fast , if 1 in 100 000 sees it , it will spread . 
  by searching the boats and putting a stop to illegal human transporting over mediterranean sea . 
  i did n't see any plans for shooting unarmed civilians , did you ? 
  would be about time for eu to show some spine . 
  except for being the best nation in the world , nothing that i can remember . 
  no no , they already have a theory about that . 
  that he was a serb and that 10 commandments were written on serbian . 
  yeah , thanks angela for germany not having shore at mediterranen sea !!, 
  actually , our prime minister was openly criticizing countries like hungary and serbia on national tv , saying things like `` they say they are christian country and look what they do to poor refuges , we 'll take care of them '' . 
  so , when someone explains to him in a few days what is public opinion on taking so many refuges we expect him to say something like `` fuck christans , it 's those democrats fault that we took so many , they are clearly doing it for the votes '', 
  send immigrants to \u017dumberak , they 'll never come back or find a way to slovenia . 
  : / got lost there myself so many times ... 
  yeah , should 've stopped while he was giving a message in the office :d, 
  you guys really think that we live in 19th century here in balkans :d, 
  what the ... !, 
  you want to tell me hungarians and romanians are claiming jesus as one of their own and we still have n't done that in croatia ??? 
  i think we in croatia need to progress a bit more , ca n't let jesus be hungarian or romanian , he 's clearly croatian . 
  unfortunately our sappers are cheap already . 
  people disarming those mines are payed less then those driving a buss in capital . 
  cheaper to pay for our sappers then for funerals . 
  we are fine with that . 
  we convert them to catholicism , say they have a good tan from being at seaside for too long and teach them how to drink . 
  they 'll assimilate easily . 
  no , they do n't . 
  they have a history of shitty relations with russia . 
  come visit croatia . 
  you 'll see our low life expectancy , bad health , suicides and crime . 
  i live in a capital here , in a part of town that has history of being `` more dangerous '' then rest . 
  i can sleep with my front door open without fear of being robbed , assaulted or whatever . 
  suicide rates could 've been a bit higher then usual since we had a lot of war veterans with ptsd . 
  hospitals may be a bit older but healthcare and general concern for it 's citizens health is good . 
  hell , you even have army helicopters transporting emergency medical cases to hospital ( since we have lots of islands ) and presidential/goverment jet transporting patients from parts of croatia to capital for treatment . 
  also , women are very good looking . 
  why does it matter that she is blonde ? 
  we have a similar problem in croatia . 
  you go to church = they call you katoliban ( or catholiban , like taliban , just catholic one ) if you show any sense of national pride = you 're usta\u0161a ( nazi ) sticking `` nazi '' labels is best way to shut people up when you are out of arguments . 
  had a religious class in croatia as well . 
  you could pick , religion class or ethics . 
  we had an awesome religion teacher , never opened a bible and at the start of each class he asked us `` what do you want to learn today ? '', 
  he told us everything he knew about ninjas , survival in the woods ( he was in the army in wartime ) , questions about sex ( we were all boys in class ) , hygiene , other religions , manners , his life experience and just everything we wanted to know . 
  if he did n't know the answers he 'd prepare for next class and then he would talk about it . 
  his favorite saying was : '' you hold a bull by his horns , and a man by his word '', 
  first merkel makes a palestinian girl cry and now entire romania makes afgans cry !!, 
  what 's wrong with you romania ? 
  how can you be so racist ? 
  and we were so happy to convert them all to christianity !, 
  last time i checked , hungary and serbia were christian too . 
  skull with bones is usually a universal sign for danger . 
  thank you serbia for saving us from evil refuges !, 
  damn serbia , hungary , romania , macedonia and greece for colonizing so much !, 
  saying that you have a responsibility to clean up leads to being involved in other peoples business all over the world , which again leads to having the responsibility to clean up . 
  also , there are other bad words in english language , you do n't have to use `` neo-nazi '' on everyone you disagree with . 
  i like our croatian national anthem , however , i rarely sing it , due to the fact that my singing is awful . 
  ------------------------- sounds awful on english but here it is : our beautiful homeland , o so fearless and gracious . 
  our fathers ' ancient glory , may you be happy for whole eternity . 
  dear , you are our only glory , dear , you are our only one , dear , where you are plains , dear , where you are mountains . 
  drava , sava , keep on flowing , danube , do not lose your vigour , deep blue sea , tell the world , that a croat loves his homeland . 
  whilst his fields are kissed by sunshine , whilst his oaks are whipped by wild winds , whilst his dead are sheltered by land , whilst his live heart beats . 
  mia , a girl from rijeka sang it on croatian military parade a month ago , and , it was awesome . 
  at least we all have experience with camps . 
  come to balkans , join the national fun train !, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_croatia and here i was thinking we were talking about kingdoms ( considered that to be a nation more then duchies or principalities ), 
  actually , they are not . 
  you 're free to check that as well . 
  kingdom of croatia was formed in 925 ad, 
  i 'd really like to see the source of that quote . 
  nothing personal , but you guys are just not too reliable when it comes to history . 
  croatia , who else . 
  bosnia is their adopted son and turkey is the postman . 
  tito was a communist , not croatian , serb or slovenian . 
  `` its 2015 !!! '', 
  what the hell does that even mean ? 
  in china its year 4713 . 
  how does that argument anything ? 
  start by giving lower interest rates and lower apartment cost to pairs with children . 
  let it be additive , add education as a factor too so that it does n't get abused by certain groups . 
  add education programs or some kind of `` work from home '' for pregnant moms ( or those with little children ) that are off work for the period . 
  let them feel useful . 
  i could tell you right now that most employers look at women that are pregnant as a problem . 
  especially in private sector . 
  these days it 's necessary for a couple that both of them work , also a lot of women want to have a career ( which gets slowed ) and it gets slowed by being pregnant . 
  since you are on a leave for at least a year . 
  you have career problem , financial problem , lots of time housing problems ( due to financial problems ) , and now you want to have a kid , it costs you aprox 10k euro per child . 
  while your spouse does not work for a period and your expenses are bigger . 
  there are multiple problems , that 's why birth rates are low . 
  and there is shit tons of people with 4000kn and less . 
  now imagine how many people have huge paychecks so that average is raised by that much . 
  5700 hrk is considered a good paycheck . 
  well , they left the country mostly in 90ies during the war in croatia and bih . 
  mostly to avoid being drafted or just to have a better life ( since inflation was huge in croatia during the war , my parents basicly worked for around $ 100 a month during the war time ) . 
  they mostly went to germany and austria . 
  they still have croatian citizenship but live abroad . 
  so they vote there as well . 
  basically they vote for a country that they do n't live in , and they mostly vote for hdz ( croatian democratic union ) , to show how big of a croats they are . 
  imagine if in 20-30 years syrians that immigrated to germany vote on elections in syria ( while living and working in germany ) . 
  most of croatian people dislike the diaspora voting , since most of those votes go to the party that stole the most in the last 25 years . 
  your forget our dear diaspora that has 3 days to vote and is a major factor in choosing our ruling party . 
  and fuck you for being `` deeply disappointed with your fellow countrymen '' , they have a right to vote how they want , not how you want .
