which parts of croatia did you visit ? 
  it was a suicide from ambush . 
   europe is not providing much of anything to migrants , aside from letting them in and a few basic services . 
  you 're already getting the same thing . 
  ( and much more , when you actually count all your benefits , including retirement/etc . ), 
  food , clothes and place to stay , that 's why more then what my government provides to me . 
  free transportation to their goal , again , way more . 
  even if i end up homeless , they wo n't provide me a an apartment to stay in , to them , they will . 
  if you ever worked abroad or even in a city that is not your own and you have to rent an apartment , try to figure how much does that cost you a month . 
  he gets it for free , with social benefits . 
   this is why migrants tend to outperform native populations after xx years . 
  they did n't move 1000 miles to be german factory workers and restaurant servers , like many german kids are content to be . 
  they see opportunity in life , and they 're going to work hard for it instead of settling at the lowest comfortable level . 
  nothing wrong with having ambitions and aspirations that you are willing to work for , however , coming to a foreign country as a `` refugee '' , then demanding more comfort is a problem . 
  since it does n't work that way , you want comfort , work for it and when you can , afford it . 
  system does n't work if 10 people have to work to improve their way of life , while someone else just gets it for free because he just came in to the country as a refugee and demands it . 
  want to work for it ? 
  learn the language , educate yourself , try to be good ( strive to best ) in what you do , do n't just demand , because by that people perceive you as spoiled . 
  hdz is center , not right wing, 
  number keeps rising every day . 
  can you please stop living in the past ? 
  `` ndh '' methods . . 
  well , time to buy some syrian passports then ? 
  and in your opinion you become relevant to the terrorists how ? 
  your opposite when comparing `` irrelavant '' to terrorists was being powerful and independent . 
  so that leads me to conclude 2 things : 1st you measure relevancy to being powerful and on the scope or terrorists . 
  or you measure relevancy based on economic situation of the country . 
  or is there something else you wanted to tell him but due to my trouble with reading i read it wrong ? 
  they can go through croatia . 
  and there would be no fuss if slovenia and austria did n't work on closing slovenia 's border . 
  if slovenia and austria were so welcoming , why did slovenia close it 's border as soon as the refugees entered croatia ( with austria actively helping them ) ? 
  good reasoning , really . 
  telling someone who makes decision based on his nationalistic view how his country is poor and irrelevant . 
  he can live in poorest and most irrelevant country in the world , and who the fuck are you to take a moral high ground and shit on his decision ? 
  just because he is poor and irrelevant in your eyes ? 
  you 'll take in and supports thousands of people who come from some other poor and irrelevant country , take a dump on laws and courtesy of countries they pass through just to live of benefits in germany and sweden and you act all high and mighty because he does n't accept your way of doing stuff . 
  yep , he is, 
  that 's what you think , but she 's the boss . 
  - [ lijepa li si ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fisfyadhgny ), 
  she 's the boss . 
  i find no explanation in his post , except the part about the romantic part . 
  however , thank you for your explanation , you really complete the picture . 
  you 're a judge of that ? 
  first of all , regarding your edit on the post above , there are safe ( r ) zones in syria , far away from fighting . 
  it 's so dangerous in syria , men leave ( i understand the part that it 's easier for them to travel alone , leaving the family behind and once you settle in , bring your family over ) , but we also see men leaving with little children . 
  so , it 's fine to take a child , but leave your wife or mother behind ? 
  it 's dangerous in syria , remember . 
  and yes , you are stating your opinion and i 'm stating mine , we just do it in a different way , i do n't start an argument by making statements about you , i explain my way of reasoning . 
  now , let 's get to the fleeing part . 
  saving yourself and your family , it 's all fine and good . 
  what happens to syria ? 
  it 's left there for is ? 
  for assad to use his chemical weapons as you stated ? 
  or maybe not , maybe the western world will `` fix it '' , and you 'll get to complain again how us , europe or israel did something again , so hey , let 's do some more shit around the world , since it 's those guys ' fault . 
  i 'm not judging people for fleeing away from conflict , and yes , as you 've stated above , any sane person would leave the place after you find out that village or town next yours has just been taken over by those animals . 
  however i do n't understand the part with completely leaving the country , passing through multiple safe zones , breaking through police cordons , making a mess of things and entering conflicts with local authorities just because you are being stopped for a day . 
  those rich enough left , those that had thousands of euros to pay for a trip , leaving less fortunate behind , hoping someone else will help those . 
  so yeah , sorry for considering some things `` morally wrong '' . 
  nothing that i find romantic about it . 
  you get understanding of it by listening to the experience of the people that lived through it , reading about it and remembering it . 
  i judge it because of the way it is done . 
  country shopping , crossing borders illegally , not to get to safety but just to get maximum benefit of it , while if you get stopped and you do n't get your way , you force your way in . 
  the part with leaving i do n't understand , but that part i do n't judge . 
  what exactly , if i may ask ? 
  and i can not understand how someone just packs up and leaves everything behind . 
  can we agree to disagree or do you wish to continue trying with insults ? 
  it 's a bit tiresome , i 'm not spewing propaganda , just stating my opinion which you disagree with , fine , good for you . 
  you 're a better human being . 
  here , have a tap on the shoulder . 
  just blame croats , serbs and bosnians and move on . 
  you already make assumptions what i would do or my family would do . 
  so why do n't you do it until the end . 
  you really do n't need me in this `` conversation '' . 
  some have wood , slavs have iron . 
  you asked me , i answered . 
  you decide it 's not a good enough reason , i respect your opinions . 
  our opinions are shaped by our experiences , i told you my experience , not for `` sympathy '' but to explain my opinion . 
  not doing anything about it goes a long way as well . 
  my wimpy ass lived through 1 war , bombing and similar stuff . 
  but thanks . 
  winner gets a debt , looser even more of it !, 
  you do n't fight for your country , you fight for your home , your family and people you know . 
  but yeah , it 's much easier to just run away , expect privileges from countries you enter illegally , and in the end blame the evil west . 
  humanitarian countries that want to take them in and act all superior after they do . 
  forcing quotas down would be a fucked up move to make after certain countries heated up the situation with migrants . 
  many macaroni and spaghetti , no problem . 
  if a country does n't want to be a part of it , how can benefit anyone to force them ? 
  if you want me to like you too , just say so , no need to be all fishy . 
  my grandma would n't allow it . 
  she 'd force feed everyone . 
  here is [ why ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pctdhq7e58&amp;feature=youtu.be ) you do n't stay in croatia . 
  imagine if someone sends you there !, 
  what would you do !? 
  i think we should elect a cat to be a prime minister in our country . 
  for every decision that we ask him we put 2 bowls of food in front of him , based on the food bowl he picks , we make a decision . 
  at least that cat would have 50 % chances to make `` intelligent '' decisions . 
  with our current government we have close to 0 % chances . 
  that 's actually quite similar to croatia , provoking the church ( protesting in front of the cathedral in zagreb ) , also art exhibitions or was it a theater show , something with 2 virgin maries kissing and such . 
  public goes insane , sure , but i think that once people stopped paying attention to it , things like that stopped . 
  i understand that we have to be tolerant , but i also understand that it 's hard to be tolerant when you are being provoked quite often .
