  both of our countries are quite conservative when compared to rest of the europe , and it 's hard for people to understand that this is a process that will take time , while currently it 's being forced . 
  yes . 
  look at my creepy face ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you mean no quotas at all or having an option to refuse quotas ? 
  that does n't stop me from liking you . 
  - close schengen borders - support hungary , croatia and serbia in closing their own borders to refugees - send back all the refugees that refuse to register - open refugee camps in syria and libya safe zones - asylum has to be asked from refugee camps in syria - no country shopping , they get moved based on quotas - do n't shit on countries that refuse to take them - better border control on mediterranean sea - sink smuggler boats , save refugees but deport them back to libya/syria to apply for asylum the normal way . 
  - explain to merkel she 's not the supreme ruler of eu . 
  never understood what 's with the hate for the gays . 
  it leaves more free women for us !, 
  eu policy based on ideas of this [ guys ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6e/cheer_bear.jpg ), 
  yep . 
  but main problem is that there really is no alternative . 
  either you vote for incompetent government or you vote for a government that 's competent in stealing . 
  that 's 2 options currently . 
   as they prepared to get off the train , a drunken skinhead stumbled past with a glare that made 11-year-old raghad huddle closer to her mom . 
  damn germans , being bald and glaring at people . 
   the five members of the habashieh family took a taxi to the asylum center assigned to them by a computer in berlin . 
  it was a former army barracks used by the soviets and by the ** nazis ** before them , surrounded by towering fences topped with barbed wire . 
  not all germans and german soldiers were nazis , but sure , best to remind the readers about germans and ww2 and camps and all . 
  so , you pass through south-eastern part of europe , you get fed and clothed on the way to germany . 
  you have governments organizing transportation so that you get to your destination faster . 
  you just pass through countries , refusing to register , ask for asylum , just so you can get to germany . 
  you get there and you are angry that you ca n't stay in the capital , the moment you get off the train you see german people as threats . 
  you complain how there is only 3 mosques on 14,000 `` foreign people '' in that town . 
  what is required for you to be satisfied with a country that took you in , fed you , clothed you and gave you a place to sleep ? 
  also , probably a club . 
  it 's easier to organize people within a club then individually . 
  yes , he was disapointed how our `` christian '' neighbours treated migrants . 
  first they say they had a deal , now our pm admits there were no deal and that we 'll keep sending refugees to hungary . 
  awesome foreign policy !, 
  you prove time and time again that you are incapable of having a civil discussion . 
  therefore i will stop talking to you . 
  we have 350k unemployed in croatia , they 'd be quite happy to get jobs somewhere . 
  has no idea mostly . 
  `` our '' plan was to send them to slovenia . 
  but , that went wrong since slovenia closed borders and is actively sending them back . 
  there 's been some talk about `` plan b '' , but no one knows what that is . 
  oh , but you should support `` brain drain '' in syria ? 
  since , i do n't know if you understand that not entire syria is at war , also , quite a lot of mentioned countries there are not at war . 
   even you should be able to understand that you 're an arrogant prick , are n't you ? 
  and we send them right back and cause diplomatic incidents . 
  same thing as happened in croatia , that would happen . 
  albanians have it shitty as well ? 
  why no compassion for them ? 
  how can you accept afgans , somalis , iraquis , iranians , palestianians and pakistanians , but hey , albanians and `` people from balkans '' looking for brighter future are not welcome . 
  around 20 % are actual refugees , rest are economic migrants , and quite aggressive at that . 
  they came to croatia , we placed them in a hotel ( hotel porin , check it ) and they were throwing shit over the balcony and protesting because we do n't let them go to slovenia , which closed the borders . 
  they were informed , they know about it but they do n't care about law . 
  they are fighting with each other and police just to enter buses , attacking journalists when they try to record them `` in action '' . 
  they make a mess and we did n't even use any intervention police , because we get called `` inhumane '' by people like you , that love everyone else more but people that they live with . 
  please look at reports from journalists in hungary , serbia and croatia , and tell me how small of a minority is acting aggressively . 
  problem was that there is no way out . 
  while there was a way out for immigrants , he was using big words . 
  the moment slovenia closed borders ( meaning nowhere else to go from croatia ) , shit got real :d, 
  he meant it more in a `` we wo n't be bothered by this now '' , but since he 's an arrogant prick , we 'll he said what he said with eagles and flies . 
  call it as you will , if you need to label people in order how they agree with you , that 's fine to me . 
  here , i 'll even help you . 
  people that agree with you , let 's call them good guys . 
  people that disagree with you , let 's call them bad guys . 
  it 's much more simple then using the big words like `` far right bigots , racists '' and such . 
  just call them `` bad guys '' . 
   you far right bigots  you racists you forgot nazi/fascists as well . 
  please , keep up to the standards , he 's disagreeing with you , you must call him a nazi as well . 
  we have a pm that half of the time does n't even know what he 's saying and rest of the time he 's blaming the opposition . 
  so yeah , stance would be something awesome , but i doubt we 'll see that . 
  i just do n't understand how no one thought that a common solution between those 3 countries would be the best thing . 
  i mean , hungary closes the border with serbia and then we take refugees from serbia and send them to hungary . 
  how can that be a solution ? 
  croatia , serbia and hungary playing a game of hot potato . 
  should 've sat down , talked and presented a solution together . 
  also , current croatian government at it 's finest . 
  first criticising hungarian and serbian treatment of immigrants , saying how `` we are prepared '' while doing close to nothing . 
  croatian prime minister even said on tv : `` those countries call themselves christian and look how they treat those poor people '' , and now when shit goes south , he expects help from hungary or serbia ? 
  slovenia was direct at start , they told us to piss off and that they wo n't take any refugees . 
  and here you have an example of people who did n't integrate through centuries . 
  in zagreb we also have them doing the same thing . 
  in my neighbourhood you have multiple examples of apartments being built and before the state sells the apartments , romas move in and they ca n't kick them out then . 
  they just claim them . 
  for centuries they were romanian problem , now , they are everyone elses problem as well . 
  news, 
  11,000 refugees in croatia , 0 people applied for asylum . 
  best humor is the inappropriate one, 
  do what we should 've done . 
  wait for them on the border with a feast . 
  free pork for everyone !, 
  okrenite odojka !, 
  any information on why did he attack ? 
  btw , nice tackle , hah . 
  during yugoslav wars croatia accepted around 600,000 refugees from bosnia . 
  our country was at war as well . 
  europe and west were very slow to respond to that refugees crisis as well . 
  not to mention that certain european countries did n't accept croatian refugees . 
  also worth mentioning , during the start of the war our country got embargoed by west , since they hoped the war would end quickly and if they sell weapons to croatia , it would just last longer . 
  but , that was war time which i do n't like discussing , since it gives bitter memories to everyone in this area , and i prefer having good relations with our neighbours , since no one would like to repeat that again . 
  we accepted more refugees then what was demanded of us , we 're a small country that 's still in recession , with population of 4,5 million and 350,000 unemployed people . 
  what history exactly should make us sympathetic ? 
  wait when our politicians say `` it 's too much , close the border '' , then the fun starts !, 
  world news focus on croatia , ca n't wait for fascist/nazi accusations . 
  i 'm sure it 's quite illegal to have a boat with 5000 people on board when you ca n't even support 1000 . 
  you have them in most coffee shops/bars .
