if we can not find a better way to tax companies , i think we need to restrict their ability to earn profits or own property . 
  society is giving owners of corporations a privilege by allowing them to create fictional but legally extant individuals , even if they live in a caribbean post office . 
  this privilege is not there to shield them from taxes but make it easier to organize and manage large private undertakings . 
  if the costs of the tax dodging are too high , we should start looking for another legal framework for the modern corporation . 
  but something the nsa can do today , might be something private hackers figure out in the future . 
  if there once was something very sensitive on a hard drive , it might be better to keep it , or grind it to dust . 
  especially if that information could still do damage in a decade or two . 
  some pictures are probably not worth that kind of effort , but other things can be . 
  if the nsa or something like that is willing to go all out , they might be able to do it though . 
  when the ghcq people destroyed the computers the guardian had for the secret snowden files , they followed a very particular protocol showing that they might even be able to do something with ram after the machine had been turned off . 
  you can have a look at [ the presentation ] ( https://media.ccc.de/v/camp2015-6799-how_to_destroy_a_laptop_with_top_secrets#video&amp;t=3507 ) given at the chaos computer club yourself . 
  depends on your interpretation of the palestinians who arrived as refugees in jordan after 1948 . 
  if those people are refugees , then the population of jordan is around 60 % refugees looking for a way home . 
  natural does n't mean best , it does n't mean healthy , it does n't mean moral . 
  if you are hungry and there is nothing else to eat , it is perfectly [ natural to turn to cannibalism ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/may/05/cannibalism-history-europe-famine-shipwreck ) . 
  if shit hits the fan you might have to do it . 
  unless your line goes extinct , one of your descendants will have to do it . 
  natural is n't what 's right , it is what happens in the state of nature . 
  you can be as gay as you like , it just does n't matter if it 's natural . 
  if we put our minds to it we could kill them faster than assad . 
  we wo n't but we could . 
  would n't you agree that legal limits have been set to protect the environment and keep our air clean ? 
  who cares then what score a car gets on a test , the daily pollution the car generates is what impacts our lives . 
  that the testing had so little to do with day to day performance is our problem , how the car manufacturers spoofed the system is not . 
  closing one loophole wo n't solve the problem . 
  better testing by an independent agency will . 
  except that everybody else makes that diesel cars would exceed emission limits too , under realistic conditions . 
  is that following the rules . 
  when you exceed legal limits ? 
  if the laws say that a diesel car can not emit more than the legal limit for nox and the car in question does that , how is it not illegal ? 
  why does it matter that they used some other trick of engineering and chicanery to spoof the test , instead of software ? 
  it 's still pollution , it 's still more than the law allows . 
  from what i understand a volkswagen would have been the same car , if your driving had been the same as they do in the emissions tests , it would have turned on the software and have shown the same legal results as all other cars . 
  for all other styles of driving a volkswagen diesel pollutes more , but so would a peugeot , or a volvo . 
  they were all selling lies . 
  i do not understand how it can matter what trick they used to spoof the testing . 
  can you even ** think ** ? 
  the thing we have a problem with is polluting cars on our roads . 
  everyone who was making diesel cars for the road was trying to sneak the most polluting car they could through a testing system that could be gamed . 
  that all the other car manufacturers opposed the immediate introduction of more realistic tests only shows that they too could not have passed them either . 
  if your standpoint was that you should only disqualify the worst doper from the race , letting everyone on a less sophisticated doping scheme go on as if nothing was wrong , then you might have a good analogy . 
  now you do n't . 
  does it matter how they beat the test ? 
  the end result is that vehicles on our roads were way more polluting than the manufacturers said they were . 
  they all played the same game , only volkswagen took the biggest risks . 
  wikipedia says something else on [ the page about the scandal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volkswagen_emissions_scandal#automotive_industry_and_commentators ) . 
   the vw scandal more generally raised awareness over the high levels of pollution being emitted by diesel vehicles built by a wide range of carmakers , including volvo , renault , mercedes , jeep , hyundai , citroen , bmw , mazda , fiat , ford and peugeot . 
  [ 19 ] [ 20 ] independent tests carried out by adac proved that , under normal driving conditions , diesel vehicles including the volvo s60 , renault 's espace energy and the jeep renegade , exceeded legal european emission limits for nitrogen oxide ( nox ) by more than 10 times . 
  [ 20 ] researchers have criticized the inadequacy of current regulations and called for the use of a un-sanctioned test that better reflects real-life driving conditions . 
  it does cost money to make cars that perform as well as the ones volkswagen made and have them meet mandatory environmental standards the eu set . 
  they could make their cars more expensive , less profitable , or perform a bit worse and meet those standards . 
  or they could fake it , which they did , this is not a new trick for diesel engines . 
   in 1998 america 's environmental protection agency reached a $ 1 billion settlement with heavy-duty diesel-engine manufacturers over their use of precisely the same software approach as vw . 
  there were literally hundreds of articles discussing this use of engine - controller software in technical , popular and engineering-news journals . 
  media reports show that officials from the epa were present at a meeting in 1994 at which an epa staff member discussed control strategies based on the test cycle . 
  this demonstrates that at the very least the epa had notice that electronic engine-controllers were being programmed to detect tests as early as 1994 . 
  it is impossible for any competent regulator to have been unaware of what was going on with other diesel engines after 1998 . 
  [ the economist , letters . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/letters/21672008-letters-editor ) [ the 1998 case from another source . 
  ] ( http://www2.epa.gov/enforcement/cummins-engine-company-diesel-engine-clean-air-act-settlement ) people knew the tests could be gamed when the eu made the new standards mandatory . 
  then every car manufacturer in the european market was presented with a choice , take a risk and make money , or be honest and see the competition take their market share . 
  i do not believe the people at all the other car manufacturers withstood that moral test any better than volkswagen did . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  if they cheated , but their competitors had n't , then volkswagen would have had a massive advantage . 
  either they could make better performing cars , or they could make them for less . 
  to keep up , other car makers must have cheated too . 
  volkswagen had to cheat the system to deliver the kind of diesel cars people wanted at a price they would pay . 
  should n't we expect every other maker of diesel cars to have done something similar ? 
  well seeing how the alternative under consideration in the core is eu nations is basically a schengen without the v4 and other new additions , they should be motivated to think of something . 
  so far the v4 have managed to say no to everything that came from brussels , it would be interesting what they come up with instead . 
  because our west european right wingers wo n't mind closing the borders to everyone from the east , whether that is the east of europe or the east of the middle . 
  canada mike was good ? 
  you do know that most refugees must have displayed a certain aptitude for crossing water to get to europe ? 
  haha , now we leave them completely off our maps . 
  that will show them . 
  i like how there is a fifth category on this map . 
  countries we do n't care about . 
  not just that , they are not even mentioned in the legend . 
  hello there switzerland , for all the eurostat people care you are could be a hole in the ground . 
  which says there are more than enough new volunteers to replace the refusers and let the red cross do its work . 
  a man in a position without any power fails to do what people with power can do !, 
  this should not surprise anyone . 
  tusk is moving and in the only ways he can . 
  his office has some prestige but no real power . 
  what can he do ? 
  try to be friends with people who do have power . 
  manipulate some perceptions to make it appear as if he has power to those who are n't well informed . 
  try to be there when decisions are made . 
  try to influence those who are in a position to make them . 
  look at this :  `` saving schengen is a race against time , which we want to win , '' tusk said in mid-november , with a view to clamping the european union 's external borders as refugees continued to arrive . 
  but it was n't until juncker and merkel said the same thing two weeks later that such statements made headlines . 
  tusk might say the right thing , but people do n't necessarily notice . 
  maybe he said that to help merkel and juncker make up their minds . 
  they were thinking about this , they were considering options . 
  then tusk made some statements and both of the others could see how the media treated the remarks . 
  two weeks later they came to the conclusion that the waters were safe and followed . 
  that could almost be construed to be leadership . 
  that is how tusk can create power where there is none , by being right . 
  by finding solutions and ways to implement those solutions , then present them as a whole to the people with power . 
  then if he persuades them to do what he wants , he will be able to sneak a few of his own preferences in .
