they sing about vi\u0161egrad in [ bosnian artillery is guided by god ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfnyhja6r0u ), 
  slovakoczechia sounds just weird though, 
  the risk of drowning is about 1/100 i think . 
  the risk of being shot would be much higher . 
  eesti can into nordic ? 
  you are like the most slavic non-slavs if that makes sense , 
  i can also guarantee that most people in eastern europe are non-relogious . 
  poland is and exception . 
  i would n't call bulgaria external, 
  which is n't necessarily a bad thing for us , those with money are likely to be better educated . 
  and they even use a script made by a greek priest for slavs ... 
  in slavic languages we have different names for georgia and georgia . 
  this does n't apply . 
  if you were a syrian man , for whom yould you fight ? 
  honestly , i have no idea . 
  for some fsa factions that are fighting amongst themselves ? 
  if they won the whole war , the situation would likely be the same as in lybia - a short period of peace and the fighting would start again . 
  fight for assad ? 
  while syria was a decent place to live before the war ( compared to now ) , there has to be a reason why the war started in the first place . 
  fight for kurds ? 
  they do n't want to conquer syria , they just want to protect kurdistan and ideally get some form of autonomy . 
  fight for isis ? 
  well ... 
  ww2 in a nutshell . 
  it 's about culture , not skin colour . 
  indians are `` white '' too , yet their culture is different a lot . 
  hungarians are n't even indo-european . 
  yep , most numerous minority edit : actually , i looked it up and there are more slovaks and ukrainians , but they are still a big minority, 
  pretty much the same here with vietnamese guys . 
  we can make an eu foreign legion for this purpose i guess, 
  i would if i was a german . 
  since when is defeating italy hard ? 
  even some weird african not-a-colony could do that !, 
  more like 100 thousand , but yeah . 
  also winning a couple of naval battles . 
  or just having a navy , a pretty nice achievement for a landlocked country . 
  but they do n't need to invade the balkan . 
  their rusty tanks are more than enough to discourage anyone from getting involved in a war with russia and allow them to reclaim some bits and pieces of former soviet territory . 
  by the way , would n't china benefit from a unified korea ? 
  while it would create another regional power , they would surely benefit a lot from increased trade . 
  ankther thing is that there would be no reason for us bases in korea anymore , especially if china had good relations whith unified korea - which would be possible if china helped them to unify . 
  it was n't really a major issue , they made a great fuss about it mostly because they wanted money for new rifles . 
  the test that was supossed fo indicate that g36 is shit was quite a bit biased - they compared mg3 to g36 in their ability to sustain a large volume of fire , and obviously a mg is going to win that . 
  nah , finland has 20x more soldiers . 
  that 's just political shit because they want money for new rifles . 
  oxi my ass, 
  muh 2/3 of industry edit : 90 % of which was owned by austrians anyway :(, 
  did you mead '' \u00ebv\u00ebr\u00ffb\u00f6d\u00ff '', 
  danish is actually incredibly easy , at least for someone who speaks german . 
  the only problem is pronunciation , which is a bit tricky . 
  they should give the credit to stalin though , it was him ordering us to help you iirc . 
  but yeah , we have quite good relations with israel because of this . 
  exactly . 
  if you can feel proud of your nation , you also have to feel guilty for things your nation did wrong . 
  north-eastern austria, 
  according to wikipedia : richest us state - delaware : 61183 usd per capita richest eu state - norway : 64893 usd per capita poorest us state - mississippi : 28944 usd per capita poorest eu state - bulgaria : 16323 usd per capita it seems the usa is more equal , quite unsurprisingly . 
  everything is possible if you try hard enough . 
  well , it 's actually possible to `` cancel '' the shot by turning off the radar , but only if the missile is n't in the last phase when it uses it 's own radar . 
  ( assuming it was an amraam ) . 
  even just turning away would do it , since the radar only looks forward . 
  yeah man , polish kids are weird . 
  they teach us that they invented the glagolitic script in great moravia . 
  it 's a decent argument in democratic countries . 
  only 1/12 . 
  tbh the turret is so oversized that it looks more like a msta-s or something like that lol, 
  czechoslovakism is long dead :(, 
  other forms of compound guidance are common though . 
  ir/uv on stingers , gps/ins on jdams etc. 
  i 'd leave munich out and go to vienna instead . 
  bronze cannons ca n't melt theodosian walls, 
  who would n't want a panzerbike though ? 
  brb gon na burn my house in protest against taking refugees, 
   budweiser  best beer yeah no, 
  why go for quality over quantity when you can have both ? 
  this is very interesting . 
  do you happen to know whether the czech '' \u017eemle '' was borrowed directly from german or did it come via hungarian and slovak ? 
  there was another war between hungary and czechoslovakia in 1920 and some sporadic fighting in 1918 and 1919 . 
  yes ... because there is no such thing as an `` imperial japanese flag . '', 
  japan has been using the same flag since 1870 , the one commonly associated with ww2 is actually the naval ensign that is used by japanese ships to this day . 
  training and some equipment like body armour . 
  for good bones and calcium, 
  relevant uzername, 
  who could possibly be offended by being given money ? 
   greater food of society, 
  a part of it does . 
  `` zatla '' sounds vaguely slavic and `` pil ta '' means `` he drank those '' in czech . 
  granted , i 'm just a random redditor . 
  but i think that someone would notice that they are spending billions on supposedly useless ships . 
  someone should tell pentagon . 
  it 's difficult though . 
  hydro power is pays off easily , but there are only so many suitable rivers . 
  solar and wind power is just not profitable here . 
  wind is great in denmark or the netherlands , but there are not nearly as many places in central and eastern europe with suitable conditions . 
  photovoltaics are only about half as productive as they are in sunnier places like the southern usa , it costs more energy to manufacture than it produces in its entire lifespan . 
  biomass is really the only option for self-sufficiency , but it would require a lot of arable land dedicated only to energy production . 
  sometime in the future , hopefully we will have truly environment-friendly energy sectors , but not anytime soon . 
  what other options ? 
  renewables are great , but they cost money and take time . 
  western europe barely produces enough natural gas for itself and importing from the usa is expensive as fuck , though poland is doing it anyway to get at least a bit of insurance . 
  it is to a point , but a lot of the economic growth ends up in the pockets of rich western european businessmen , so the people often do n't see a huge improvement .
