  your comments are obviously intended to insult the english . 
  this is terrible news . 
  looks like you 're attempting to mask your anglophobia as humour . 
  if this is really an attempt to create humour then it is very mean spirited . 
  i always find it ironic when yanks complain about anti-americanism in the uk . 
  lol, 
  i have a problem with all the attempts from our european friends to create a strong parallel between may and trump . 
  she is absolutely no way as bad as him , and anyone who tries to imply that she is is either being disingenuous , or is rather divorced from reality . 
  tbf , merkel is as far removed from may as may is to trump . 
   castrated orang utan getting arsefucked by their own son . 
  ahh , i see . 
  i did n't look at it in the context of the tory/dup government . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but * throwing someone under the bus * is an idiom used when a person is sacrificed for the benefit of the person who is sacrificing them -- similar to scapegoating . 
  in what way is britain sacrificing ireland for britain 's benefit ? 
  not sure i completely understand this one . 
   at least in britain 's case you can ~ ~ blame ~ ~ thank their colonialism and imperialism . 
  ftfy, 
  is this a serious comment ? 
   but by not voting they stated they would not have been bothered either way . 
  we know that it was mostly the young adults who did not bother to turn up and vote . 
  we also know that most young adults are ( and were ) pro-eu . 
  seems to be that the insults were a direct response to your passive aggressive comments . 
  that 's yet to be seen , in both cases . 
  well you seem have appointed yourself as chief spokesmen for this threads anti-british , circle-jerker twats society , so you can understand why no one will take your insults seriously . 
   and a need to maintain an appearance of comfort in front of agonizing tourists out of pride . 
  i knew it . 
  how do you guys deal with that heat ? 
  well , now that you mention it , how can the size of a nations economy * not * give any meaning to it 's strength ? 
  your comments about britain 's nuclear deterrent and carriers are rather meaningless . 
  the only people in direct control of britain 's nukes are the commanders of britain 's vanguard class nuclear submarines . 
  nothing can stop them launching , and the delivery system does not rely on satellite navigation . 
  the carriers are not yet in commission , one of them has n't even been completely built yet . 
  why would they need an airwing ? 
  budget for what ? 
  a different format ? 
  better jokes ? 
  stop being silly, 
  i 'm getting fed up with the bombardment of emails from people telling me how much they love our panel shows . 
  okay , we get it already ... jeez . 
  well , despite your sarcasm , western europe is much more civilised than the racist , xenophobic , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ fat us, 
   those panel shows are fucking awful , but i understand there must be some in the uk that find it worthwhile . 
  our panel shows are awesome . 
  the world loves our panel shows . 
  both, 
  the very best . 
  that had me laughing for ages . 
  we even called them `` hobart 's funnies '', 
   amernian genocide * `` the genocide was carried out during and after world war i and implemented in two phases : the wholesale killing of the able-bodied male population through massacre and subjection of army conscripts to forced labour , followed by the deportation of women , children , the elderly , and the infirm on death marches leading to the syrian desert . 
  driven forward by military escorts , the deportees were deprived of food and water and subjected to periodic robbery , rape , and massacre . 
  '' * not quite the picture you painted . 
   churchill 's dislike for the bengals probably played a big role in that decision . 
  so your evidence for genocide was that churchill did n't like indians . 
  what lol ? 
  that 's absolutely not true . 
  first of all , what the fuck are you talking about saying the british `` simply killed off '' native americans in the 13 colonies ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  secondly , having your population decimated by war does not automatically make your country a victim of genocide . 
  russia 's population was decimated in ww2 . 
  endorsing colonisation is not the same as condoning genocide . 
  genocide is a deliberate policy of murder ; actions carried out with the intention to cause death . 
  no actions taken during the bengal or irish famines were intended to cause death . 
  death was an unfortunate result of mismanagement and/or apathy . 
  a far cry from genocide . 
  when did churchill ever directly defend genocide ? 
  was not a genocide . 
  a pathetic attempt to create a parallel between a man responsible for genocide , and a man who was n't . 
  hitler could have been good friends with the leaders of almost any country without ww2 . 
  everyone was racist back then , we all had colonies . 
  the us eugenics movement was more advanced than any other nation at the time , hitler was inspired by it . 
  i always find it strange that churchill get 's singles out for his racism . 
  it 's almost an internet meme these days . 
  your history teacher was shit ( which in no what was your fault ) . 
  we 're not taught that the empire was even remotely a good thing . 
  why are you asking him if he 's twelve ? 
  are you 15 ? 
  he means the average person ignored them , not the government , not the army . 
  just like the current british government has been bombing isis for about 2 or so years now . 
  i 'd rather not give a fuck , and win . 
  like what ? 
  those naughty germans, 
  there 's been loads of scandi drama 's on uk tv over last ten or so years . 
  as far as i can remember these norwegian , danish and swedish drama 's are the only foreign language shows that regularly air on british free to air television . 
  they 're fucking awesome , my favourites being the bridge , wallander ( better than the uk remake ) , and the killing . 
   ( apple pie ) i mean this exists pretty much anywhere . 
  there 's no proof your country invented apple pie . 
  could almost definitely say the exact same thing about half of frances national dishes . 
  if old recipe books are the only reasonable proof of a dishes national origin , [ then this english recipe from 1381 is evidence enough ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apple_pie#/media/file:for_to_make_tartys_in_applis_ ( 1381 ) . gif )  ( balti ) from what i can find on the internet , it 's pretty much only an uk thing . 
  look harder  ( hp sauce ) probably also only an uk thing , never heard of it so because you havent heard of it it must only be a uk thing ? 
  it 's sold in 69 countries . 
   carbonated water was invented by frenchman the wikipedia entry on carbonated waters says this : '' in 1750 the frenchman gabriel fran\u00e7ois venel produced artificial carbonated water for the first time . 
  [ 9 ] ** it is thought that william brownrigg and henry cavendish also infused water with carbon dioxide around this time ** ''  ( lasagna ) the wikipedia page does n't mention the uk or england anywhere . 
  yes it does , look harder . 
   ( kitkats , chocolate bars ) yeah i guess . 
  not the best thing to invent though many people prefer chocolate bars to croissants and baguettes , but thanks for your opinion . 
   ( quorn ) no idea what that is again , you seem to be conflating your ignorance of a product with it 's global popularity . 
  arrogant much ? 
   i prefer french breakfasts never heard of french breakfast . 
  must be only a french thing ( see what i did there ? ), 
   traditional british/english cuisine is not that good your opinion means nothing . 
  dylan moran is hilarious too , you should check out his stand up .
