  wow !, 
  my apologies . 
  allow me to remedy any possible confusion . 
  * yorkshire and northumbria have always had their own identities . 
  what has that got to do with regions of spain not having separate languages ? 
  over half of scotland are unionists . 
   scotland and wales have always had their own separate identities in my mind so do yorkshire and northumbria . 
  this image helps emphasise just how fucking huge mother russia is . 
  and that 's why the us is always 1st , 2nd or 3rd in these indexes . 
  despite your leadership . 
  hard to not get angry when an anti-british shitpost is top voted comment though . 
  exactly this . 
  the other girls were jealous of her . 
  kids can be the cruellest . 
  bit ambiguous is n't it ? 
  which eu diplomat said such a thing ? 
  who was this nameless eu diplomat quoting/paraphrasing ? 
  woah !, 
  what 's him being mancunian got to do with anything ? 
  marshall plan 2.0 ;p, 
   the us provided the allies , including the soviets , with the majority of their war material if you 're talking strictly about lend-lease then you 're wrong , the war materials provided by the us was nowhere near a majority of british and and soviet war material . 
  why would you say that ? 
  hamilton and bottas get on fine . 
  what counterargument ? 
   every time the american revolution is mentioned on reddit people act like americans did nothing and france did all the work 99.99 % of the time the american revolution is mentioned on reddit it 's americans waving their childish ameriboners in the air , trying to convince themselves , and everyone else , that the us is the greatest thing ever . 
  so yeah , it 's not really surprising when non-americans bitch slap you back to reality with some home truths . 
  username checks out, 
  this shit just makes me cringe so hard . 
  important to what ? 
   poland or france would also easily manage to defend themselves from the german invasion , if germans could do it only through naval invasion . 
  and converswly , uk would n't last much more than a month , had it been connected to the rest of european continent by land . 
  it pisses me off when people come out with this shit retarded logic . 
  if britain was land bridged to the rest of europe then the history of europe would have likely been completely different . 
  britain did n't have a large standing army because , being an island , it did n't need one . 
  had britain had always been connected to europe then who 's to say that it would n't have become a huge continental power instead of a naval one ? 
  perhaps britain -- in this imaginary timeline where there is no english channel -- marched it 's formidable armies into berlin in 1938 before the nazi 's had barely stretched their legs into czechoslovakia . 
  at your personal property . 
  i see . 
  you explained it very well , thank you . 
  43 years, 
  what do you mean ? 
  made me chuckle . 
  [ a slightly closer look ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tuzmbiy.jpg ), 
  `` per capita '' lol, 
  so then that would be uk soft power utilising hollywood . 
  was n't as bad as people make him out to be . 
  from who ? 
  lets not pretend there 's not obvious bitterness floating around . 
  and who the fuck are you ? 
   as a brit you probably do n't speak anything other than english . 
  quite frankly , that 's your problem is it a problem though ? 
  this is an english language subreddit , and english is his first language , so he does n't have a problem . 
  you do n't like the fact that this is an english language subreddit . 
  well guess what , that 's your problem amigo . 
  deal with it . 
  not gon na lie , i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  that 's cause everyone tells us that our humour is the best . 
  speak for yourself mate . 
  many of us still appreciate classic british patriotic music . 
  he was recorded saying that shit like 5 years ago , in an unofficial capacity . 
  his opinion 5 years ago is not the official position of the british government . 
  i do n't think many would have the balls to post this type of question on r/irishhistory much safer to leave it buried in a uk appreciation thread . 
  are you dumb enough to think i might not be ? 
  the truth is that you 're the one who looks stupid for not realising that i 'm not being sarcastic . 
  i 'm merely using the exact same logic as you were to address your countrymen as ` lesser americans ' . 
  i 'll break it down for you , seeing as you 're clearly dumber than a bag of hammers . 
  you say that it makes sense to call britain ` lesser america ' because it has a smaller size , population , gdp etc. 
  i reply that it makes sense to call your country ` lesser america ' for the exact same reasons . 
  understand now you fucking dumbass ? 
  and i shall address your countrymen as * lesser americans * from now on , seeing as it `` actually makes sense a bit '' , cause , you know , talking about objective numbers like population , land size , gdp per capita , etc. 
  are you aware of the irony of implying that english people should n't be throwing stones in glass houses , straight after an english person just highlighted the exact same hypocrisy in irish indignation ? 
  everyone 's ancestors were responsible for barbaric acts . 
  in an ideal world we 'd all agree that no one should be throwing stones . 
  the truth is that no one is complaining about the ignorance of irish people when it concerns their history of kidnapping british people and trading them as slaves . 
  no , lesser america does not make sense . 
   lesser america actually makes sense a bit hmm . 
  no , not really . 
  not on this subreddit , it wont . 
   the link you try to draw between physical violence and harm from speech is just preposterous . 
  you 're being irrational . 
  our exchange is over . 
  how so ? 
  [ i want you to know i do n't hold you responsible for the barbaric acts of your monstrous ancestors . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_ireland ), 
  i hope he cuts himself shaving . 
  did the english flag give it away ? 
  you like to generalise, 
   spotted a brit spotted someone who likes to generalise, 
   lots of things could potentially damage people 's mental health . 
  much the same as lots of things having the potential to damage your physical health . 
  it 's a judgement call on whether or not the intent to do harm was there . 
  hate speech is n't just * speech that can harm * . 
  it is speech that is * intended * to harm someone from a particular race , ethnicity , gender , orientation etc. 
  the intent has to be there for a crime to have been committed . 
  of course , as with physical assault , there is a certain amount of ambiguity to the law . 
  you might accidentally physically assault someone and still commit a crime . 
  it 's a judgement call . 
  for clarity , the groups that are protected from hate speech laws in england and wales are those which would suffer hate speech on account of their * colour , race , disability , nationality ( including citizenship ) , ethnic or national origin , religion , or sexual orientation *  speech is not the same thing as an act . 
  we disagree, 
   think about how ridiculous it would be to say that government can protect people from other people 's feelings .
