  government ca n't legislate people 's hearts and mind . 
  it can only do that with action . 
  people can think and feel what they want , there 's no harm in that -- at least to other people . 
  it 's how they * act * on those thoughts and feelings that has potential to hurt others . 
  speech is a physical , tangible thing that can and does do damage to people 's mental health when misused . 
  you 're still confused ? 
  jesus , just fucking jog on you loser , we 're done . 
  some of us do have one , some of us do n't . 
   what evidence is there that hate speech censorship works ( i.e. 
  it is effective at tamping down hatred ) ? 
  it protects would-be victims of hate speech . 
   innit ? 
  do n't get lemon tart , sunshine . 
  it 's about as weak as your assertion . 
  no you idiot . 
  i did n't mean that their orientation is a mental health concern . 
  i meant that not being able to live the life they want as a female -- with all that it entails , such as natural motherhood -- would trouble some of them . 
  and that this operation would , for some , remedy such an issue . 
   tax payer dollars well hey , if the yanks feel compelled to fund the nhs , then that 's obviously a positive thing , right ? 
  looking at your comments , i 'd say you share his inferiority complex . 
  hmm no , not really . 
  i meant south england . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  we helped them in the end though , did we not ? 
  i remember reading that soviet satellite intel that had been hacked by finish intelligence was shared with the uk . 
  did we not ? 
  lol, 
   is not a health related concern . 
  it 's a mental health related concern . 
  lol, 
  comments like yours are funnier , because you try so hard to belittle british people that it exposes your inferiority complex . 
  we do n't get any of that anti-catholic/irish crap down south . 
  * some british, 
  when the carrier becomes active ( roughly 2020 ) . 
  you 're being obtuse . 
  he was being spiteful . 
  the reply he received was appropriate . 
  yes , clearly . 
  so what ? 
  an italian person said ( and i paraphrase ) `` yeah but the uk will have it worse than us in the eu , so jokes on them '' . 
  to which a person replied ( again , i paraphrase ) `` italy is n't exactly swimming in fortune atm , so your spiteful laughter is ironic '' . 
  you seem to be under the impression that people from the uk should just accept this italian persons spiteful and unnecessary schadenfreude . 
  sorry , it does n't work that way . 
  lol, 
  this comment made me lmao ( not that i share your sentiment ), 
  username checks out, 
  his response to this article was basically `` yeah but the uk will have it worse than us , so haha ) zephinism 's response seemed appropriate enough . 
  i do n't see what your problem is . 
  10 years, 
  and that makes you feel better . 
  nobody had ever lived on the island before europeans arrived . 
  they 're all slutbugs to me mate . 
   trust me it 's a bug . 
  i guess you 're gon na tell me it 's a `` lady '' too , huh ? 
  in what way does nato control the nuclear weapons of sovereign nations such as france and the uk ? 
  both , actually . 
  quite the imagination you 've got . 
  yes , i realised that . 
  you 're preaching to the choir mate , i 'm a remainer . 
  which is why i find it so difficult dealing with the obvious schadenfreude coming from many of our so-called european friends . 
  little bit triggered by the title . 
  the british english word `` ladybird '' predates the american english `` ladybug '' . 
  who do you speak on behalf of ? 
  he does n't care . 
  the schadenfreude is absolute . 
  damn it :(, 
  ahhh , it 's upside down !, 
  he does n't care . 
  what you said , or what is in the indy ? 
  yes, 
  haha , what a load of bollocks . 
  good god !, 
  you 're missing the point . 
  his joke -- regardless of how uncreative you find it -- was not interpreted as satire by most of the people here mocking it . 
  it was misinterpreted as some lame attempt at defiance against terrorism . 
  hence my comment about it going over people 's heads . 
  except he did n't copy the sentence . 
  he added the words `` trying to kill '' , which is what made it so obvious that this was a satirical take on the original . 
  i find it weird ( and slightly annoying ) that so many people seem to have taken it upon themselves to sarcastically mock an intentionally farcical internet meme . 
  i love our queen . 
  i sucked in a faint but sharp intake of breath whilst reading that tbh . 
  it 's not supposed to be ` haha ' funny . 
  he was making a satirical reference to the `` stop killing people '' meme . 
  lot 's of people here ( including yourself ) seem to think he was being serious . 
  [ calm down you weirdo , it was a reference to this ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=stop+killing+people+you+fucking+twats&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewi7xlbh1s3uahxjisakhysldm0q_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=920 ), 
  your joke seems to have gone over some people 's heads . 
  today is the day i change my british flair into an english one . 
  fuck you very much op . 
   plenty of british posters on this sub like to insult and mock other countries regularly . 
  a minuscule minority compered to all the british posters that * dont * insult and mock other countries . 
  anyone who says that the uk is not the current # 1 target for insulting rhetoric on this subreddit is being disingenuous . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  i 'm disabling inbox replies . 
  are you still pretending that these insults are for the benefit of humour ? 
  give up already , you 're just coming off as a spiteful juvenile . 
  in the uk he would be arrested , charged and possibly imprisoned for carrying an imitation firearm . 
  english/welsh/irish . 
  i 'm british . 
  of course i 'm serious . 
  do you think people are too stupid to realise that you are anglophobic ?
