global firepower puts north korea at the top of the list for `` total naval ship strength '' with france down in 21st place , and britain down at 32 . 
  not sure i agree with their methodology lol . 
  considering france has the largest francophone population , and also that english is the de facto world lingua franca , i do n't think it is fair parallel to make . 
  i just checked the demographic statistic for quora . 
  only 5.5 % of the traffic comes from the uk . 
  showed your true colours here sunshine . 
   plenty of leaks that have come about uk/us relationship shows that there is almost a disdain for the uk from a lot of us politicians . 
  did you just make this up ? 
   the brits tell themselves they 're doing better than anyone else . 
  where ? 
  when ? 
  * french logic *, 
  you 're confused about sharing the second british carrier . 
  that article was referring to britain and france possibly sharing the french carrier while britain is still waiting for it 's first carrier to be commissioned . 
  it was an old article aswell . 
  we did n't end up sharing the french carrier with them . 
   according to this analysis ( 2nd answer ) , france has a better navy . 
  according the 1st answer , they do n't . 
  almost everything you have said is insulting . 
  i was merely being facetious, 
  the guy he 's addressing is indeed a fucking numpty . 
  lol , you get downvoted for talking !, 
  ha , fair enough . 
  [ i feel obligated to leave this here for anyone confused by our conversation . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/6kvo378tjsw ), 
  get back in the sea ... 
  remember when there was nothing ? 
  i miss those days . 
  what 's wrong with worshipping a tree !, 
  not fact nor fun , tbh . 
  tell that to all the yanks who saturate r/soccer with their inferiority complexes . 
  maybe the us national team will be respected once you guys stop obsessing about the english national team . 
  ironic then , that the bulk of remainers reside in the south , and the bulk of ` little englanders ' are from up north ( yes , the midlands are up ` north ' from a southerners perspective ) the irish and scots have more in common with the south of england in regards to attitudes toward their european identity , as has been revealed . 
  why are you making me read this three times ? 
  a very interesting map . 
  this survey was taken online . 
  all of the uk has broadband . 
  the point is moot anyway , seeing as the vast majority of the uk population lives in urban area 's , not tiny racists rural villages . 
  you 'd like that to be the truth because it would reassure your blind prejudice . 
  do you think polish people are seen in a better or worse light than muslims in the uk ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  horrible bastards . 
  anything withe the words `` north atlantic '' sounds shit . 
  we should just call them the british and irish isles . 
  it sounds more natural . 
  and yet you germans love to rub it in for beating england 4-1 in the 2010 wc , even though lampard 's disallowed goal should have made it 2-2 going into half time . 
  lol, 
  shhhhh !, 
  fuck yea, 
  are you sure he was born and raised in the uk ? 
  i cant see how someone who have a foreign sounding accent if they were born and raised here . 
  i doubt he was raised in the uk with that accent . 
  the only explanation for him getting out of there unscathed is that the translator left out most of the insults . 
  that top comment though lol . 
  did you get your answer ? 
  now she chops wood with her dentures . 
  it 's not up to you mate : /, 
  except she 's not half german ... at all . 
  do n't wind up the irishman . 
  no it is n't . 
  the irish, 
   payments would only be made as part of a deal that included a trade agreement, 
  the sentence `` giving money back '' makes it sound like the exit bill is money that the eu has given to the uk , and is now demanding repayment for . 
  as a claustrophobic , this makes me want to kill the guys laughing about a screaming trapped person . 
  can everyone just stop assuming please . 
  it 's in bad taste . 
  do you regret my assumptions ? 
  that is an believably ridiculous opinion piece . 
  it states says this :  whichever way the defenders of royalty try to spin it , there is no escaping the fact that non-white people are excluded from holding the title of british head of state -- at least for the foreseeable future . 
  this statement is utterly ridiculous . 
  if prince george chooses to marry and have child with a non-white person , then their firstborn -- the heir to the throne after george -- will be mixed race . 
  there is no law preventing this from happening . 
  other than prince philip , what racism are you referring to ? 
  misleading title . 
  if there 's one thing we 've learnt from the last couple of years , it 's that anything can happen . 
  commit to what ? 
  why the long face , 
  sure . 
  let me know when you 've got one . 
   welfare queen if you were confident in the gravity of your arguments you would n't have to resort to using these weasel words . 
  why does the word `` worship '' regularly creep into an argument being made by someone who is criticises monarchy ? 
  europeans are n't generally in the habit of worshipping their monarch . 
  which royal family ? 
  regrettably , yes . 
  there are other factors too , such a national social safety nets that people on the minimum wage would be more reliant on . 
  i think he means americans live to work , while europeans work to live . 
  it 's a generalisation that is somewhat true . 
  can everyone just stop assuming please . 
  it 's in bad taste . 
  these are the exact two reasons i voted remain too . 
  cool, 
  cool, 
  found what ? 
  the way you put it was that the uk has to present a rough figure to the eu that would then be the basis for whether or not the talks would continue . 
  that 's different to what has been said by barnier . 
  his comments about what is expected from the uk are understandably ambiguous , but he definitely has n't said anything about a `` range '' to work from . 
  presenting a methodology to calculate the uk 's liabilities is not the same as presenting a ballpark figure to be negotiated . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  one of the primary themes of the london games was that the it would not be a wasteful games in terms of facilities and infrastructure . 
  any venues that were not going to be permanent were built specifically to be dismantled and sold .
