  any permanent venues would be restructured to be open facilities for [ public use ] ( https://www.britcrowd.com/2016/08/21/london-olympic-games-2012-what-happened-to-the-venues/ ), 
   germany 's biggest bank , which employs 7,000 people in 16 buildings across london , is committing to keeping staff in the city despite the brexit vote and a reorganization within the lender itself . 
   `` we see this as a clear positive for the city , '' osmaan malik , head of pan-european property research at ubs group ag , said in a note to clients . 
  he said the building will house `` around 5,000 employees . 
   i do n't understand these comments yeah ya do, 
  yes there is . 
  the majority of remainers were young people , and the majority of people who were too lazy to vote were young people . 
  because the conversation was flowing ever so rapidly . 
  how about you stop trying to find reasons to be hostile , and just take my questions at face value . 
  i 'm not accusing you of being dishonest , and i have zero reason to sabotage the flow of conversation . 
  all i 'm asking is how you know the eu 's is looking for a `` range that 's in play '' . 
  as far as i can see , barnier just requested that the uk put forward a methodology for calculating the divorce deal . 
  i honestly cant find any reference to it . 
  can you ? 
  where did you get this info from ? 
  ahh yes , the dark days of black and white photography before 1981 . 
  there looks to be a church on the far left of the main group of buildings . 
  if it is a church then that would make it a village . 
   haha , another wall of text . 
  go fuck yourself asshole . 
  really , look how mad you are just because i call out your bullshit . 
  we both know you 're lying , there really is n't anything more to say . 
  you can jog the fuck on now ... 
   your incredulity is cute , and the fact that you 're trying to research this is frankly hilarious yep , that did n't take long . 
  true colours are shown when you start trying to insult me instead of addressing my point . 
  if there was widespread indignation amongst irish people on this matter then it would be plastered all over the internet . 
  it would be mentioned in irish publications . 
  i 've read some of your papers , such low hanging fruit would not go unanswered . 
  there is no way you would let such british ignorance go un-highlighted . 
  i would not be hearing about this for the first time right now . 
   on average , british people seem to know very little about events between these islands over the last millennium . 
  this is hardly history , it 's fundamental knowledge . 
  this is simply knowing that a country is sovereign right now , today . 
  anyone learning anything about ireland , whether from formal education or just through basic experience and understanding of it being the country that borders us , will obviously know that they are learning about a country that is separate to our own . 
  one of the first things any brit would know about ireland is that is is n't british , it is `` other '' . 
  ireland is always spoken about it a context of it being a foreign country . 
  many of them definitely simply think ireland is not a country . 
  that both islands are the territory of the uk . 
  that 's not a misunderstanding about what they think , it comes up all the time . 
  we practically expect it meeting a british person nah , you 're just full of shit mate , i know you are . 
  i 'm not asking for proof of some study , or statistical evidence . 
  i 'm simply asking for you to find any mention of this supposed phenomenon online , outside of the sphere of this thread . 
  if this truly was a ` thing ' then it would have been mentioned before in an irish newspaper , editorial or whatever . 
  of course , you know there is n't gon na be any mention of it , cause you 're lying through your teeth . 
  and china and russia sandwiched in the middle . 
  i 've just spent a while trying to find any reference to this supposed nationwide ignorance . 
  no matter how many different ways i type the query into google , there is nothing referencing a significant number of brits not knowing that ireland is an independent country . 
  there is n't any mention of it at all . 
  if this ignorance was as widespread as you lot are making it out to be then i would n't have to rely on your anecdotal evidence . 
  it would be there for me to find on google , documented . 
  there 'd be at least one irish publication referencing it if this was something that a significant number of irish people had experienced . 
  there is n't some blank spot in british education concerning ireland . 
  it makes zero sense that a lot of otherwise smart , well educated brits would for some inexplicable reason not know that the irish republic is not an independent country . 
  there 's got to be more to it than what you guys are saying . 
  this obviously has something to do with n.ireland . 
  any normal brit would have only react with incredulity if they thought you had claimed that the whole island of ireland is independent of the uk . 
  or perhaps the confusion was about ireland being lumped into the term ` british isles ' . 
  whatever it is , it 's not what you guys are making it out to be . 
  there 's just no way that a significant number of brits would be ignorant on the matter of irish sovereignty . 
   a large number of british people do not know ireland is an independent country . 
  i do n't believe this is true at all . 
  what do you think we 're fucking stupid or something ? 
  it 's basic knowledge . 
  you 're either misinterpreting what people are saying , exaggerating what they 're saying , or exaggerating how many british idiot 's you 've spoken to . 
  because you 'd have to be a complete and utter moron not to know that ireland is an independent country . 
  and you 're getting me confused with someone else , i 've said nothing about ireland ` not coming up much ' . 
  whatever you say mate . 
  i know you 're full of shit . 
  i 've read them , and i 'm astounded by how far some irish people will go to try and discredit the intelligence of the average brit . 
  i like you guys , but this is the one area of your character -- the part that attempts to portray the british as ignorant and arrogant -- that really get 's on my nerves . 
  we know what the uk is and we know what it is n't . 
  ireland to a brit is a foreign country that we share very close links with . 
  there is some fuzzyness when it comes to how close those links are , but please do n't try and pretend that you regularly bump into brits that literally do n't know that the republic of ireland is not a sovereign nation , separate from the uk . 
  you 're just being dishonest . 
  that 's bullshit and you know it . 
  you guys are really scraping the barrel here trying to paint a picture that does n't exist for the vast majority of british people . 
  i actually cant believe what i 'm reading on this thread . 
  it 's not even up for debate , the average british person is fully aware of the fact that ireland is it 's own country separate from the uk . 
  i 've lived in britain my whole life . 
  ireland is always spoken about in the context of it being a separate country . 
  crazy that so many of you guys are pretending that this is a thing . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i used to say it . 
  but now that i know it pisses the irish off i say `` british and irish isles '' ( on a international public forum , at least ) . 
  the fact remains though , that british people know that ireland is not a part of the uk . 
  there is no political statement behind the term . 
   i like how ... what do you like about it ? 
  about 6.5 % of new zealand 's population are british born . 
  yeah but the spiders ... 
  cant stand seeing this shit . 
  such a shame . 
  lost forever . 
  why even add the / s ? 
  it 's obvious you 're a cunt , do n't try and hide it . 
  disgusting comment . 
  140,000 french and belgian troops were rescued by british boats during the evacuation . 
  that article makes no mention of child benefits . 
  you act like a trade deal hinges specifically on whether or not eu citizens living in the uk will be allowed to claim benefits for their children who reside in another country post brexit . 
  this is just a blatant assumption you have made . 
   then no trade deal says who ?
