  i take it he means giving the ~ ~ pestermites ~ ~ exarch -1 / -1, 
  turn 2 kalonian hydra against u/w control in theros/rtr standard . 
  forest , elvish mystic, 
  nykthos , burning tree emmissary , burning tree emmisary , use the mana from the last burning tree to activate nykthos , you get 5 mana , cast the hydra ( i did the same thing but with polukranos a few more times , both are fine turn 2 plays ) . 
  yeah , got my creatures confused . 
  7th or 8th pick tasigur, 
  you could pick up a strip mine for $ 5 or under too , not sure how good it is in a cube though . 
  newtownards . 
  there is no other answer . 
  that fecker earlier who said larne has clearly never been to larne . 
  at least larne has a boat out of larne . 
  newtownards is n't that nice , it 's just pure 100 % shite . 
  sometimes you see him do something good and you get hope that things are about to turn around . 
  then he does an efe thing again and you just sigh . 
  yes . 
  so does force of will , that does n't mean the judge foil was a bad thing, 
  i 'd say far more than that . 
  we have the capability to , why are n't we . 
  funnily enough , east belfast is the least neckbeardy place on earth . 
  southside represent, 
  most of the counties listed as `` football '' do field them . 
  freeshtaters do n't have an identity crisis . 
  yeah that 's probably how they 've done it . 
  that map is old though . 
  if only he played like this for us . 
  good on ye , jo . 
  must all of these maps spell \u00c9ire wrong ? 
  god i hope hungary fecking hammer them . 
  their sectarian bollocks is annoying , but i also get to go slag my mates . 
  go on hungary !, 
  chris black was temur twin , by the way . 
  eire is a word in irish , it means something along the lines of sorrow . 
  \u00c9ire means ireland . 
  it is n't even like spanish , were espana does n't mean anything , eire is a completely different word in irish . 
  the name is just ireland in english , not eire . 
  yep , was going to say sawers if you were coming up here . 
  it 's probably what you 're after here . 
  it 's cheaper for me in the republic than it is up here . 
  mate . 
  we 've moved on from burnt out cars back home . 
  the strand even has actual gates now !, 
  there 's still the meatwagons floating about like . 
  i 'm pretty sure the population halves at the 12th . 
  i 'm not sure i 've ever been in belfast . 
  is the ucas deadline not january ? 
  he has plenty of time to decide sure . 
  seeing as you do far more work on the leaving cert ( lads i 've talked to seem to have had infinitely harder and more shit to do on that than a-levels ) i ca n't see it being that hard to get into queens . 
  medicine , nursing and stuff like that i think . 
  there 's some pub beside a petrol station out the back of croker i though was great . 
  chatham brazzerie had nice ones last time i was there , but i think it 's closed now . 
  rename the hpat to the kahpat, 
  no , because it isnt true . 
  the norse name for the county , like with wexford and waterford . 
  the fact this does n't take into account the sale of van djik ( :( :( :( :( :( ) makes the headline far less bad . 
  yeah , hopefully a decent run in europe can help us out . 
  if you want something big in a burn deck you could consider splashing black for a few copies of tasigur/gurmag angler . 
  yeah that 's the idea . 
  bump in the night is just another bolt to save you playing shard volley and the likes as well . 
  i think bump and tasigur/angler would be all you 'd really want . 
  better breakfast , shitter everything else . 
  ah , so gaelic . 
  i 'm from ireland , aye , and this is [ football ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgbwe1m7jkq ), 
  yeah i agree , i would n't be splashing black , but i 've seen it happen ( they tend to be jund builds , so you could activate tasi , but if you are you 've probably already lost ) . 
  personally i think boros or naya are the best choices , but if he wants something bigger splashing black is n't that unreasonable . 
  no , that is a cartoon mocking association football . 
  that some football matches are n't very good ? 
  yeah , it happens . 
  yeah i agree , i 'd prefer keeping the creature count as low as possible , 4 guides , 4 eidolons , 4 swiftspears , and maybe 2 lavamancers . 
  cutting the white spells does n't seem worth it for the green and black either . 
  i have n't been running them , but i 'll have to pick up a couple of copies and try it out . 
  only running 8 fetches ( i do n't play enough modern to justify mesas ) has put me off a bit . 
  i 'm 4 foothills , 4 mires , 1 stomping ground , 2 founries and 9 mountains . 
  i do n't think running the basics are worth it , but if you 've got the bloodmoon then maybe . 
  university college cork has an open day on the 10th . 
  not sure if that 's you 're kind of thing ( open day tourism has to be a thing ) , but it 's the only thing i 'm doing next month . 
  i think my opinion has been negatively coloured by my da 's and uncle 's interaction with them and the police up here . 
  nope nope nope nopity nope, 
  the tea i can get behind , iced tea is nice but normal tea im not a fan of, 
  but luke kelly and potatoes are just amazing, 
  thatcher came over and stole all of the irish school system 's milk in the late 80s to feed tory mps . 
  at least judging from the experience up here in belfast , paddy 's day is utter fucking bollocks in ireland . 
  it 's all just drunk bastards with tricolours tied round they 're neck drinking and fucking boking everywhere . 
  it 's horrible . 
  ma and da here . 
  never heard anyone hear say mom . 
  is this a labour td making fun of fine gael for believing in capitalism ? 
  fuck me , the irony . 
  anyone here ever do languages or european studies ? 
  where did you end up studying and what do you think of the course , if you dont mind saying ? 
  nah that 's sweet mate . 
  i looked at law but realised i like more langaugey stuff . 
  plus getting into law at trinity is impossible for me anyway and not much easier in ucd . 
  cheers man . 
  how 'd you find it ? 
  i looked at doing international studies and was told it can be relatively easy to get a job in the eu or something along those lines . 
  what would you recommend as a mkre practical subject ? 
  cheers , man . 
  i 'm not sure i have ever seen a dive in rugby , but still never bad to punish it . 
  i would love to do irish but im not sure trinity or ucd let you start it as a beginner which sucks . 
  thanks a lot for the advice .
