  what did ye do after the march ? 
  off back to yer gaff with a few of the skinhead mates to moan about `` fucking pakis '' and how zyklon b was for lice ? 
  cus ye know yerself sure mussolini , franco , batista , shek , salazar and yer big herr himself didnt do nothing and were only out to keep the `` master race '' pure eh ? 
  hard to be sustainable when youre surronded by 500,000 fascist jackboots, 
  communism works best when it is allowed to work ( although note catalu\u00f1a was more syndicalist in the civil war ) instead of having foreign governments send in their army 's to stop it . 
  i wouldnt go on the thread in / r/ireland about it if i was yousins . 
  full of fucking fascists and neo-nazis, 
  it isnt a flaw of socialism that it was put down in spain by the armies of italy and germany as well as the fascists franco brought with him from morroco, 
  well thats an odd judgement . 
  so surely it is a fantastic system when we look at vietnam , russia and cuba ? 
  ireland . 
  actively support against ni , but now that 's more to piss off my mates than anything else . 
  i was happy they got into the euros though so we can live the dream of beating them in the finals, 
  yes , more so than nationalists . 
  yes . 
  saying socialism is flawed because it failed in spain is a bit ridiculous when you look at those countries . 
  the republican government failed for a whole host if reasons but you sayong that is a flaw of socialism didnt really make any sense, 
  is that at the central station in the hague ? 
  best bit about today to be fair . 
  now everything gets to be lemon . 
  cool !, 
  i 'll hopefully be in uni right beside it come september . 
  yep !, 
  i noticed a bunch of building going on there when i was over in october but did n't think they were doing that . 
  looks really cool ; makes me want to actually go on a train for once . 
  bunch of my mates applied for tickets ( granted they only went to a few of the home matches ) and none of them got tickets for yousins . 
  actually do n't know no one who got any . 
  does prolific not mean just more abundant ? 
  that would n't be how i 'd use it , but i mean i 'm from belfast , so we are n't famed for using words the way they 're meant to, 
  i dont trust any politician who hasnt been involved in paramilitary activities if im honest . 
  it is like a rite of passage up here in the north, 
  it makes me really sad that being from belfast i ca n't really say gowl . 
  i feel like i 'm missing out on so much, 
  anyone know where i can get one of these ? 
  i think i 'm in love, 
  do they need a lot of garden space to keep ? 
  are they even fully armed ? 
  most of them i see walking about here do n't have guns . 
  honestly didnt know that, 
  have to take a look next time i see one, 
  i dont think we reslly have one, 
  gash maybe ? 
  wouldnt really call someone a gash though . 
  it isnt really the same though , just means vagina . 
  i cant really think of one . 
  i do like saying jackeen but its hardly locsl to belfast . 
  we dont have a real standout word like gowl or langer, 
  not really rude or nothing though, 
  pretty similar thing to everton, 
  celtic . 
  sure , we do n't have a great squad - ambrose and boyata are in it , it 's never going to be great - but we should be running away with the league and really should n't have lost to malmo , but , alas , we 're celtic , so i 'm not surprised . 
  do the irsp not run in the south ? 
  i like laughing at the funny stuff people do to them . 
  is n't that close enough to the french/spanish idea people have been on about recently, 
  and the catholic democrats do ? 
  if you had the talent to play for either team , then aye . 
  but i would n't find it wrong for an english lad living and brought up here in belfast to play for the english youth teams and all that but choose to play for the north or republic because he was n't good enough for england . 
  `` war wound '' ? 
  is that what nazis are calling it now , a war ? 
  if anything would be terrorism in this country again it 's fascists like pegida coming here . 
  til neo-nazis are n't fascists . 
  next you 'll be telling me stalin was actually a liberal and thatcher carried the little red book with her at all times . 
  i 've never been so proud of up here before . 
  hope this gets covered on here more . 
  it 's a melt to watch , but i 'm definitely going to try and catch more of it this year . 
  if it makes you feel better , the ireland and britain analogue are a bunch of not very nice troll-like swamp monsters . 
  apparently we are the `` goodest '' country on earth . 
  ( well , tied with finland ), 
  bacon ( crispy ) , black pudding , white pudding if available , any form of egg , fried mushrooms , potato bread , soda bread , toast, 
  it 's like that 12 months a year, 
  support the people 's soviet of down . 
  fuck dprni oppression !, 
  watched the last episode of deutschland 83 . 
  daycent stuff, 
  basically all of them but rioplatense , which i just find the hardest to understand, 
  '' `` sabre dance '' by aram khachaturian was played whenever mkhitaryan scored . 
  this song became very popular in donetsk due to mkhitaryan scoring frequently '', 
  2005 never forget :( :( :(, 
  i know the whole 10-0 thing but is there actually a rivalry between feyenoord and psv ? 
  i thought the netherlands was `` let 's collectively hate ajax '' ? 
  whats wrong with feyenoord ? 
  we seem to get on fine and everyone knows celtic fans are 100 % the best . 
  i say it 's a gloriously appropriate title . 
  it strikes me of a non-irishman so much , but one who knows the score . 
  good on ye bai, 
  yet everyone also talks about how great de kuip is ? 
  i dont know much about them , but they dont seem much worse than anyone else, 
  not much point striking on a day no one uses, 
  murphy 's is nicer than guinness , does that count ? 
  do n't count on it . 
  there 's plenty up here who are disillusioned by the sdlp and would never vote sf . 
  case in point : my da . 
  there 's plenty of groups calling themselves the ira . 
  most are but some who 've co-opted the name are n't . 
  depends and is pretty hard to know how much traction they have . 
  living in belfast i do n't really see it . 
  they are around ( well the cira/rira , but calling them the ra causes debates itself ) but i would n't say they have much influence , certainly not to the extent of loyalist paramilitaries . 
  in the country it 's a different story . 
  i 'd have to imagine south tyrone and south armagh they still do , and they 'd be more of the old school provos still floating about . 
  groups like raad also were quite active in parts of derry and donegal , have n't heard much of them lately though .
