  connolly is the lad, 
  good . 
  no real reason to be using them , they do n't fit the colours , they do n't fit the motive and they do n't really even fit with the idea of rebels, 
  lol and he 's booked the astana man too . 
  knew it was going to be ok when i saw the ref at the aoh parade the other night, 
  just moved to holland today , it might be nicer than belfast ... . 
  edit : already spotted an ado player, 
  im in den haag, 
  i have quite a few cousins in tje field and they are finding it very very tough . 
  lile yer man says heading to the us/australia or gettig a job with a football club in england seems like the best bets for ssomeone from here, 
  i wouldnt recommend coming if thats what you want to work as, 
  man i just saw a shower door explode who knows when those planks could just decide to end it all, 
  there 's no political angle to it you mong , you say soccer if yer talking about gaa too , otherwise football, 
  some football clubs still use it ( i.e real betis ) but iirc it 's really old fashioned , at least in spanish, 
  it symbolises that yer talking complete shite, 
  yah as a neutral am loving having another game to see out the season . 
  can never have enough gaa, 
  a celtic and brit ducky . 
  this is one confused van man, 
  lol the state of this yank cunt . 
  biggest jokes in football ; try to think they are relevant by slabbering the rest of us when no one gives a flying fuck what the dickheads think, 
  lol who gives a fuck what yanks think . 
  fuck off back to sucking sucking off the english, 
  i do n't know , watching ado and the like they do n't seem much better than st johnstone, 
  lol loosing my shit over what yanks thinks about football , aye clearly . 
  away on lad, 
  yeah , well psv , ajax and feyenoord or on par with or bigger than celtic and rangers . 
  the eredivisie is probably the better league but it too is nowhere near where it has been either . 
  it 's hard to argue ( imo ) that roda or excelsior is significantly better than hibs or heats etc ; it 's pretty close, 
  conquered city by victor serge . 
  really like his writing, 
  wow i though like 12 was towards the higher end of normal bikes, 
  bias from celtic tv ? 
  i am shocked and appalled . 
  so hard done by lads, 
  we 'll just see who 's laughing when in three years kieran , paddy and moussa are the top 3 in the balon d'or wo n't we, 
  if you send a new larsson off to feyenoord first that 'd be great , ty . 
  wrong dutch team lads , basic error . 
  he was quite good up in heerenveen was n't he ? 
  i mean if he grows himself some dreads i would n't be against it, 
  downvoting and moving on is n't as fun as having a go at someone, 
  i fucking love scottish football, 
  thompson 's signature blend , lad . 
  do n't let the freeshtaters tell you otherwise, 
  i 'm from down but just moved to holland , so if we count me as still living there cork or antrim . 
  my barber is looking 8 if anyone can help us out . 
  good lads . 
  i put a bit of honey in after cus i 'm a big girl, 
  in spain and belgium ( among others ) the vast majority of milk sold is uht . 
  bad trolling is just bad . 
  no britain but lower ballix in tyrone is my favourite . 
  you never put boiling water in tea lad , come on . 
  got ta wait for it to cool down a bit first . 
  i 'd say `` an historic event '' . 
  i 'm irish btw, 
  i was reading a book recently that puts forward the ( apparently generally agreed upon ) view that celts left barely any genetic footprint anywhere . 
  the spread of celtic culture was far more a movement of language and ideas than any mass movement of people, 
  belfast is the only real city in ireland . 
  best balance between good craic and intense bitterness and intolerance, 
  no i think they 're fantastic and two of the best irish artists of this generation, 
  lol communists are to blame for nazis . 
  they had no legitimate reasons for anything . 
  better put down the far-right cool-aid . 
  carryduff and saintfield are dull af . 
  belfast is also just a smaller city with less to do . 
  also much uglier than dublin . 
  plenty of downsides to it as well, 
  i actually quite like the brutalist stuff . 
  the worst is around the city centre where they gutted out the bottom of all the nice old buildings for something `` modern '', 
  i mean not particularly , it 'd be much nicer if it was n't yellow imo . 
  yeah , but lots around the city hall are only nice from the second floor up too . 
  i would most certainly not be depressed, 
  newfoundland i thinm, 
  depends on whether youre drawn by the beautiful streets and high culture of paris or if ye just wan na spend yer multi million wages on greggs, 
  tasty ( but not as good as they used to be ) . 
  only issue is how hugely expensive it is now , at least in belfast . 
  cracking goal . 
  in belfast a couple of years back but shite weather made it not the most impressive sadly, 
  just another reason it 's the superior crisp, 
  god it just makes you love the real tayto even more . 
  hon the proddy crisp, 
  stuff makes ye feel like yer teeth are rottin right there but it 's great, 
  i am shocked . 
  who could ever have imagined sectarianism in the ruc . 
  i 'd say 90 + % of my downvotes on this subreddit are tayto related but i 'd have it no other way . 
  down with freeshtayto . 
  dirty dirty crisp . 
  dev 's favourite : connolly and pearse were proddy tayto men . 
  new name same scum, 
  the amount of suicides in belfast is shocking , it 's staggering how prevalent it is , especially in the north and west of the city . 
  well any marxist or socialist would share feminist ideals . 
  the movements have pretty much always been linked . 
  equality for all kind of involves the liberation of women in society, 
  i 'm not even from a particularly bad part of belfast and i 'd know at least 6 or 7, 
  i mean i understand them not thinking sinn f\u00e9in are left enough , but surely if anything they 've moved more left as a party over the last few years than right ? 
  thats disappointed me but i mean what other republican party can i vote in belfast . 
  kelly 's best pub in ireland, 
  not the alternative ulster i was thinking tbh, 
  vegetarian haggis is actually pretty nice as well . 
  not quite as good but still nice,
