  he maybe just about lingers into the centre-left ; which is kind of amazing for a right-wing party like the democrats . 
  yet even with their supposed support of sanders they still manage to put forward massive right-wing ideas . 
  most yanks here hate immigrants , have a slightly worrying racist undertone to anything political they say and 100 % despise socialism ( despite often calling themselves socialists , it 's hilarious ) . 
  and / r/poltics may not like yank republicans but it sure as hell is n't left-wing , same with the brits . 
  i think that boils down to a lot of reddit having vaguely social liberal ideas . 
  if you presented them with a genuine socialist candidate theyd run away screaming . 
  but yeah i 'll give it to you that sanders is at least more popular with that vocal part if reddit , but most subs have massive right-wing biases when it comes to politics , especially / r/ireland, 
  there is far more than 200k people on reddit though . 
  id have said the sanders support is a massive vocal minority, 
  yeah but you get the feeling all his supporters are subscribed thete . 
  there is sure as fuck more than 5k people on reddit that are going to vote trump, 
  are you insane ? 
  / r/ireland is on of the most right-wing country subs i 've ever seen . 
  all it ever goes on about is the apparent `` shinner bots '' everywhere . 
  i 've seen hundreds of people go on about shinners everywhere but you rarely ever actually see one . 
  go on any thread here about who people actually support and it mostly ends up with people going `` i 'll vote fine gael when it comes down to it '' . 
  the most left-wing you get here is support for the socdems , and well if you think social democrats are left-wing the god help us all . 
  come on , show us the left-wingers here on / r/ireland . 
  go on . 
  one of the top three posts is making fun of joan burton , another is showing a taxi man without his taxes up to date and another is an article from the examiner ( hardly an phoblacht now is it . ), 
  and again , if the socdems are left-wing then god help you . 
  well i mean you post on donald trump sub-reddits so you might need it already . 
  hey !, 
  now you 're just copying your comment from shitpolitics said !, 
  you are n't even original in yer trolling now , mate . 
  do n't know where i 've conveyed anything like , but good on ye lad , spreading the good reactionary fight !, 
  i have n't played for very long ( since m14 ) , but definitely the current one . 
  god it 's boring . 
  not really relevant to the match , but man , shrewsbury have a really nice kit . 
  maybe the community has stopped playing due to them disliking the current standard , more than due to the shorter rotation . 
  i 've definitely seen estimates that c\u00f3rdoba had a million inhabitants around 1000ad . 
  that sounds like unionist talk there mate . 
  come up ~ ~ north ~ ~ here to me and i 'll show ye ireland, 
  surely it is 84 ? 
  ah right, 
  cheers then, 
  `` glasgowsgreenandblue '', 
  the ultimate half and half scarf ? 
  so you ca n't call a mark within your own 45 ? 
  sounds like good stuff then, 
  had it on chrome but i switched to ie and it stopped, 
  well it would be \u00c9ire anyway , but the official name of the republic is ireland . 
  most people here do n't speak irish . 
  both '' \u00c9ire '' and `` ireland '' are the official names of irish , they use '' \u00c9ire '' when what they are dealing with is in irish and `` ireland '' when it is in english ( not republic of ireland , just ireland ) . 
  seeing as the vast majority of people here speak english as a first language and not irish ( and if i remember correctly chinese , polish and lithuanian come before irish ) it makes sense to put `` ireland '' on the map . 
  i dont know , i think the fight was far closer than 116-112 . 
  i think frampton edged it myself , but it sure as well was a close one, 
  see i dont know like . 
  frampton i think was on top the first half of the fight but i could definitely see one or two of the rounds going 10-10, 
  ye can get them in most places in belfast if you ask, 
  i know of a bunch of native speakers that never did as well as they should because they 'd throw so much slang and dialectical stuff into their answers that you just cant do in an exam . 
  just like you would n't write `` and johnny went to him and was like `` bout ye , what 's the craic ? '', 
  in your english exam you ca n't write `` oye g\u00fcey , \u00bf vamo pa ' fumar ? '', 
  in your spanish one, 
  but derry is just an anglicisation of doire . 
  you serious ? 
  now i know it 's purely anecdotal but any time i go to dublin i 'm amazed by how clean it is , at least in comparison to belfast . 
  i 'm a catholic up here in belfast , but there 's something about a proper northside dublin accent ye know ? 
  just has something special about it . 
  * irish spellings, 
  it 's more like dur-ah, 
  it can also show how monumentally shite the telegraph is, 
  1 day is definitely enough time to see the causeway . 
  if you 're in to walks it 's a great day . 
  consider staying a night in belfast too though man , ~ ~ we need the tourist money ~ ~ it 's a great city !, 
  irredentist is a big word for someone who writes for the newsletter, 
  where the fuck ? 
  just saw a bunch of peelers drive past me on the bus here, 
  a wee month away any one ? 
  im having to work so i cant even join in the fun like . 
  just have to sit here with \u00c9ire \u00d3g on faintly in the background listening to unionists moan . 
  if you want a team that 's red and black you could try and watch down matches , although even if you found a televised match it wouldnt be happy viewing, 
  i didnt think it was , but it 's a place to start . 
  just promise me ye wo n't go off and suppoet tyrone :p, 
  tyrone would be one of the more disliked countied id say yeah , but it really depends where youre from which countied you dislike, 
  yeah i suppose it is true for every sport like, 
  used to watch a bit of it when it was on tv at like 8 or 9am but i dont see it on much anymore . 
  have yo watch out for it a bit more then, 
  i did enjoy watching it like , commentators are generally gas too, 
  this maybe is n't the best example , but some brutalist buildings are pretty cool , like the barbican in london looks pretty sweet . 
  do you mean the mla elections up here in the north or the one that 's already happened in the south , cus yer fecked if it 's the latter one . 
  sure as fuck not reading that ama now . 
  what a pure fucking cunt, 
  get in to fuck . 
  scared as all hell of loosing this , but it 's going to be some craic . 
  would n't mind us and hibs in the final . 
  i 'm afraid yer only option is importing them from america . 
  nah lad , cork is pretty sweet . 
  he 's making a joke . 
  you seriously never seen the sinnf\u00e9inira stuff ? 
  but tunisia turned out ok !, 
  the fact he changed it to steve banderas as well . 
  surely that ca n't be ukrainian . 
  have to agree . 
  some great pieces from the small number so far . 
  stop lashing out citizenships ? 
  lad , what would the football team do if that happened ? 
  without players who arent good enough to make the english team . 
  that just isnt a recipe for success, 
  plenty of people here in ireland call it soccer , can i claim the entire sub for us now ?
