  hopefully hearing about getting a place in the hague soon . 
  honestly ca n't wait to move to holland like . 
  any of you lot have big plans ? 
  reformed for the centenary of 1916 and i think they 've just forgot to retire again, 
  i was going to go to the one a few months ago but the guy decided to try and charge us 90 instead of 25 or whatever so fuck that, 
  no one of us then, 
  we get my ma actually decent gifts , or at least i do . 
  my da normally gets a shitty golf glove and some socks if he 's lucky . 
  bit shit for him i guess now that i think about it, 
  i 've got her like perfume , those fancy creams or money to use for her kindle the last few times, 
  tried that but she was n't having it . 
  she 'd need it to , she reads like 2 or 3 books a week, 
  what do you think , pal, 
  getting her hole on the dole . 
  sounds alright, 
  as someone who 's a year after that shite , thank you for sacrificing yourself through exams so i can enjoy sunshine . 
  `` you take pleasure in enjoying good weather and ice cream like near everyone else ? 
  what a miserable cunt you are '', 
  seen a good number of bees round me in belfast but no wasps yet thank god, 
  depends on your dialect in english . 
  where i 'm from a double negative is still a negative, 
  serious ? 
  i know am from here an biased buy i never found belfast any more threatening than dublin or glasgow or wherever similar, 
  cus our diet has the best of ireland and scotland . 
  fuck loads of alcohol and battered everything, 
  centre of town between like 7/8 and 11 is creepy to be fair . 
  eerily quiet before the drunk culchies come up from the holy lands, 
  ireland . 
  belfast to be specific . 
  saying stuff like `` i did n't do nothing '' or `` i did n't see none of them '' is normal, 
  aye it really is . 
  cus no one really lives round there the only ones about till the clubs and all open after the shops close are smackheads, 
  polish lads i know make fun of us but i think the stuffs great, 
  the fuck is milk tea ? 
  is he using fancy words for sticking a drop of semi-skinned in your cup ? 
  what 's the 7:1 8:0 shite about ? 
  where abouts are you ? 
  sat up and watching the gaa . 
  suffering from hayfever, 
  because it is a load of ballix and not a fact ? 
  liberal and left-wing are the antithesis of eachother , lad . 
  but i mean , ignoring what a fucking moronic statement it is , i think it 's better to hate yourself just a wee bit than to hate literally everyone that is n't a wasp like yerself, 
  he is a sick fuck is n't he, 
  he is literally born and brought up in ireland . 
  how much more of a product of the irish environment can ye get , you stupid cunt, 
  he 's born in ireland to an irish mother . 
  that 's irish mate, 
  yes . 
  they were born in ireland , grew up in ireland , they are irish . 
  wait till ye find out one of your ancestors was from england or france or wherever the fuck, 
  ignoring this indigenous bollocks and the fucking irony of an irish person being against immigrants , irish people and culture came from european celtic ones . 
  people did n't just randomly appear in ireland . 
  we 're all immigrants lad if you look back far enough , deal with it . 
  tell us lad , what part of ireland does the name de valera come from ? 
  99.9 % homogeneous your fucking arse . 
  forgetting all the french , english , welsh and scottish that came over ? 
  forgetting the jewish community that used to exist here , or the poles and germans and whoever the fuck else that wound up on this island over the last fuck knows how many years . 
  there 's one thing that 's racist in this thread and it 's you, 
  the poles and lithuanians have made large swaths of belfast liveable again . 
  god bless immigration, 
  using this match to practice security for russia 2018 . 
  warm balls , lads . 
  celtic are the team of the irish republican/nationalist community in the north . 
  linfield are a team strongly associated with loyalism . 
  this tie is basically celtic v irish rangers . 
  there 's obvious political implications . 
  i do n't think people are saying they should be kept apart but playing the game in belfast on the 11/12 of july is mad, 
  it 's far more than different religions . 
  it 's just like a celtic rangers tie , except it 's in a far more volatile city on the worst day of the year, 
  it is the labour party , by the way, 
  maybe the deleted comment did , although it would have been a bit weird, 
  popular up in the north . 
  out of curiosity what are you studying ? 
  i 'm an international student planning to start in leiden in august too, 
  international studies ( so in taught in the hague ) . 
  i 'm irish . 
  i was mostly worried when you said you could n't get housing ; they 've implied i have a house but i still do n't have confirmation of where i 'll be, 
  ballygowan always makes me thirstier than when i started drinking . 
  do n't know how it manages it, 
  do you really think conjugations are that hard ? 
  it 's more just a lot ( relatively ) to learn rather than a difficult concept, 
  full time . 
  i applied through the housing office , although it might have been a separate application for those whoa re taught mostly in the hague as opposed to in leiden itself . 
  i got an email a couple of days ago which said -, 
   thank you for your application to leiden university !, 
  we are glad to confirm that you are on our housing list and that you will receive a housing offer in july . 
  after receiving a housing offer , the housing fee is non-refundable . 
  - which i guess means i 'm guaranteed a house but if not it 'll be a pretty hectic couple of weeks in august trying to find one, 
  really shows the depth of goal scoring ability we have in our squad now, 
  well that sounds reassuring for me anyway . 
  good luck trying to get something and make sure you check out some of the housing groups on facebook , there 's always places going there, 
  yeah it definitely will . 
  you have plenty of time , it 's only june , plenty of people 's current leases and contracts will only just be ending so there should be piles of rooms going up over the next month, 
  i fucking love marty so much . 
  definition of class craic, 
  i 'd be confident the first 5 would make any top 10 list and would be many people 's top 5 but it 's super hard . 
  you also have players like yashin , banks , zof , beckenbauer , cafu , maldini , baresi , cannavaro , moore who are defenders and goalkeepers who rarely ever make these lists even if they are just as good in their positions as the strikers , wingers and midfielders who dominate the lists, 
  plenty of names missing from that list too . 
  my da would say that van basten would be in the top 10 ever and many would n't put best near the top for various reasons, 
  which housing group ?
