  there 's an ad on this stream for the scottish premiership yet the only teams they 've shown were newco , hearts and hibs . 
  2 of those are n't even in the fecking league, 
  aye but it 's still 2 leagues in one season which is what i was getting at . 
  just got a beer there at halftime . 
  not missing a goal this time . 
  ireland . 
  belfast to be specific . 
  i study spanish like so it 's got to be the peruvians, 
  sorry mate :p, 
  i 'm off the week like so it 's probably my only chance to watch it this week until the semi-finals/final, 
  serious ? 
  i always though brazil was much further behind than that . 
  why the fuck did i stay up until sunrise watching a match last world cup then ? 
  so are we ( i think , i can never remember if we are having them or not ) . 
  dark chocolate delight for a really pale skinned indian lad . 
  personally i 'd like to see northern seats . 
  do n't pay the tds or whatever , but i 'd still like to have at lest token representation of the state i should be part of . 
  i probably will be next year , but that does n't stop me wanting something to defy the occupation . 
  add in kird apes and ssg for some double fun . 
  [ simian grunts ] ( http://i.tcgplayer.com/6385.jpg ) seems like the perfect card to cover both . 
  they destroyed the entire group : /, 
  i 've the loved these 3 games i 've watched . 
  something about staying up to 2 in the morning watching a shitty stream just has a charm to it . 
  ruined this fecking country . 
  6 million ya jackeen, 
  sacked for striking ? 
  sad state of a country if that shit can happen, 
  ban people from striking and we may as well pack in the republic now, 
  it 's one fucking day, 
  and let them strike again . 
  every worker has the right to strike . 
  deny them that and why have a democracy, 
  lovely racism there , dickhead . 
  it has everything to do with democracy . 
  deny workers the right to strike then what ? 
  deny them the right to form trade unions and what next ? 
  see where this is going ? 
  fuck off back to r/european ya prick, 
  mongloid is right out of the victorian guide book to fucking racism . 
  ive never heard a single person use it in ireland , outside of your typical unionist racist fucks, 
  and even they rarely fucking say it, 
  ive never lived anywhere other than belfast like , not sure why you 've decided i do n't like . 
  really just cus i never hear people use racist insults like yours ? 
  ye sure ye are n't the spirit of eoin o'duffy there mate ? 
  aye so im not irish now ? 
  my irish passport means fuck all then now ? 
  despite being an irish citizen im somehow now not irish ? 
  i have to ask , are you in the blueshirt gear now ? 
  i do . 
  what do you want ? 
  this country was formed as a 32 county republic . 
  if you ca n't accept that ye can fuck off back to whatever dirty fecking bog yer from and let 's pray you do n't leave it . 
  jesus christ yer a geg like, 
  what ya doing tomorrow then ? 
  first thing 's first a wee blueshirt meeting like aye ? 
  are you targetting muslims today or is it the poles ? 
  then what ? 
  some canvassing for fine gael or are ye so far gone ye 've went and joined renua ? 
  hope you know yer always welcomed in antrim though . 
  the dup can always use more cunts like you, 
  neither am i mate . 
  im not accepting of military occupation , unlike you disgusting fucking fascists . 
  fuck off back to yer bog now, 
  there 's soldiers on streets they do n't belong . 
  thats fucking occupation . 
  im not a brit , my da aint , my ma aint , my grandparents werent . 
  my family fought to get rid of them , not to keep them like your scumbag ones did, 
  aye and some job yours did you cunt . 
  bet ye granny and granda treated their favourite wee fascist just the best aye ? 
  gave ye a copy of the sindo to go with a nice wee rendition of god saves the queen every weekend for ye . 
  as well as being a fucking fascist ye arent even a good troll, 
  i dont think it is a thing anymore . 
  liverpool are one of the biggest teams here in belfast from both sides . 
  i do know some older irish guys that support everton cus they were `` the irish club '' but any sectarianism in it is gone , at least here . 
  edit : i think it was a thing with the irish in liverpool , by the way, 
  for what it 's worth here in belfast i 'd definitly say significantly less catholics support chelsea than proteestants . 
  thats the only one though , some older guys support tottenham but arsenal would be the biggest london club here and there is no sectarianism in it . 
  no one supports anyone else in london . 
  liverpool or man u mostly . 
  id edge towards more supporting man u but that might be cus most of my family are . 
  a lot of people support celtic as well as man u or liverpool by the way , but it is typically man u / liverpool and celtic if youre into football ( and catholic in the north , but ye can just replace celtic with newco for prods ) . 
  they dont like fine gael, 
  gave me 97 % labour 94 % sf but i think being on mobile stopped me choosing a bunch of choices, 
  but these quizes are ridiculously narrow , having to choose yes i think bankers bonuses should be capped at 100 % pay isnt really accurate when i think they shouldnt be getting any bonuses, 
  i 'd side most with the communist party when you get to show yer view properly, 
  fucking right guidetti . 
  love to see ya scoring big man . 
  without any knowledge of the indos , fianna f\u00e1il , sinn f\u00e9in , aaa and soc dems and labour ** just make up and absolute majority . 
  that the best chance of a non-fg government from that data ? 
  does n't seem awfully likely . 
  i 'm going to guess none . 
  looks like those lads saying election in june will be right . 
  oh aye i forgot to write labour . 
  but aye it does n't seem it would work, 
  it really is n't . 
  the right-wing bias on reddit is massive . 
  anything remotely left-wing is despised by 99 % of the site . 
  bring tanks . 
  generally look at the bottom of any politics thread , they get downvoted to all hell . 
  well sanders is hardly what you think of when you think left-wing .
