  he wrote a book advocating the use of hungaruan like methods in politics ( with reference to the revolutions there in 1848 ), 
  you could make the same oarallels in almost evey empire though, 
  i feel consistently contrarian like , but really thick scottish accents are sexy as fuck . 
  i cant remember her name , but there is a glasgow comedian who i wouldnt be physically attracted to at all , but fuck does she have a sexy accent, 
  hilarious name for a throwaway account , ya cunt, 
  i only really noticed these when i was in dublin on saturday ( despite being there hundreds of times ... ) and had no clue what they were . 
  it is a pretty cool idea like, 
  i prefer the people 's republic of ireland and that other bit . 
  i believe the greater issue is the amount of freeshtaters to be honest like, 
  no surrender to female pleasure . 
  italy vs france in the wc final . 
  no idea why , but i just really wanted them to win . 
  ive got half way through series 3 but it just got a bit grim for me ; does it get less gruesome ? 
  but aye , darren is a prick , but so is everyone, 
  i did n't see it when i was applying to language courses ; you ca n't do most languages as a full course , you almost always have to do one as part of a joint honours, 
  none , i 've just applied to cao ; i applied to european studies at trinity first , then spanish and russian , spanish and italian ( both at trinity ) , world languages at ucd , spanish and something at ucd and then a bunch of the arts courses at galway and cork ; arts with latin american studies i think . 
  you might be able to do japanese in one of the arts courses , i know you can do chinese , but i do n't think you can as a full course . 
  i 'd say you could get a pretty decent noir theme into ravnica with all the crime and underworld stuff ; although maybe people would n't want another ravnica story line about a detective . 
  change how irish is taught , also make it a so that provisions for the teaching of irish have to be available in every school up here in the north . 
  nordie tayto for people with sense *, 
  too many to name like . 
  probably dancing in the moonlight or cowboy song for rock , crest of a wave for blues ( ish music ) , no grave deep enough for metal and suspect device or bloody sunday for punk . 
  couldnt possibly choose a folk song . 
  away on . 
  our tayto has actual flavor , freeshtatin tayto is so weak, 
  what about the bastards that spell it ` conner ' ? 
   do english-speaking soap characters speak like broadcasters ? 
  eh really depends on the soap opera , although in general i 'd say no . 
  we still have them in some garages i 'm pretty sure . 
  do centra not still do them ? 
  i never liked them , the icing they use is really sickly, 
  antrim has some cracking kebabs, 
  aye , sure it is . 
  sphinx is actually good , but im a big fan or five star, 
  you can with dark rituals, 
  why does it make a difference ? 
  it 's a way to tell catholics and prods apart up here in the north, 
  i havent been but i know lots of people who recommend croatia . 
  dubrovnik is meant to be lovely, 
  this was on / r/food not that long ago aye ? 
  looks tasty . 
  bacon could do a longer cooking though . 
  not crispy , but i do prefer it a bit longer done myself . 
  i hate pale looking bacon, 
  dungiven isnt that bad . 
  the painted up shop fronts look better than letting them rot away . 
  they have a properly great chippy too . 
  in fairness there is nothing better to do in north down, 
  we have no fucking defenders . 
  we are going to grt fecking destroyed . 
  fuck this, 
  away from celtic i hope . 
  he is fucking shocking too, 
  get that cunt off the fucking pitch, 
  just fuck off, 
  you look far better than i thought you were . 
  id like to see you play hearts or aberdeen though . 
  they wouldnt be playing like this against yousins, 
  id doubt it . 
  conference maybe . 
  and denayer . 
  fuck , what id do to have them back, 
  fucking wonderful, 
  i know he is . 
  he is too good for southampton, 
  come on lads, 
  this use of alguna just came up in a past paper i did and no one got it right . 
  it 's good to know that we all are n't stupid for not knowing it . 
  \u00a1 vamos santos !, 
  well thats shit . 
  i fully understand the reasoning , and cant say i disagree , but it was still the only pro-tour i watched the entire way through . 
  hopefully ww get more modern gps . 
  probably with lads that he knows or on irish forums , i know a couple of those exist . 
  you went out to specifically learn irish and were taught it : they are moaning that when they had to be taught irish they werent . 
  if you went through however many years of irish language learning and came out having learned no irish ye 'd be pissed too . 
  not my picture anyway so i think im fine . 
  saw it on facebook and thought it was pretty funny . 
  brother says barking dog in belfast has one of the best he 's ever had . 
  great news on both of them . 
  wish the worker 's party got more votes here in south belfast , but hey , at least they beat the fucking tories . 
  so i didnt quite understand it :p . 
  thanks very much though , being a bit flowery makes sense, 
  i thought the ucd and tirnity open days were proper useful ; gave a good overview of what you 'd be studying during the year and as well what the campus was like . 
  you could always email the heads of department too and ask for any info , pretty sure they have their email addresses on the website . 
  there 's no way liverpool can overtake them now . 
  after import tariffs it is n't, 
  i 'm just waiting for me exams to be over to break it out , but knowing here we 'll have no good weather come june . 
  i remember watching something that really played up the fries/dutch thing in that derby , but is it really a significant factor ? 
  dont worry , the few hundred thousand people he murdered in his genocides already have gave their lives . 
  because that 's iraq . 
  up to 180,000 are estimated to have been murdered in the al-anfal campaign allown , never mind what he did to the mandaeans . 
  where on earth is it estimated to be less than 50,000 , unless youve decided kurds are n't people . 
  they also werent the biggest victims of the modt definitely genocides , that 'd be kurds again . 
  so not less than 50000 . 
  and that is just one event in his reign . 
  i dont think there is any point saying that one genocidal regime is worse than the other . 
  they are both deplorable and defending the actions of the one you think to be less disgusting does nothing . 
  he caused a war that led to the death of around a million with iran , i have no clue how many more died in the first gulf war . 
  they are both horrible regimes , trying to differentiate between the two is pointless . 
  im planning on studying in leiden starting august .
