  edit : but i have found some stuff that says nigerian foreign extra specifically is 8 % so i do n't know now, 
  beans and toast yes , beans and chips yes , beans and rice no, 
  lots of pubs have a 0 tolerance policy to any sporting gear or flags ( tricolours or brit ones ) , lots of others would only allow rugby stuff . 
  iirc lituania was mostly ruled by and populated by ruthenians at the time and before union with poland , so it was n't really lithuanian either, 
  i 'm not biased in my view of lithuanian history , i 'm irish . 
  i just remember reading that . 
  i know that ruthenians made up a bigger portion of the plc population and was a recognised language unlike lithuanian , but clearly i did not remember correctly on ruthenians being the ruling class pre-commonwelath, 
  why a rivalry between napoli and sampdoria ? 
  how 'd you get it ? 
  thats really cool . 
  any other old shirts ? 
  he 's no irish . 
  no one speaks like at here, 
  do you mean scotland ? 
  ireland has had 8 different winners since 1996 ( derry city , st pat 's . 
  shelbourne , bohemians , cork city , drogheda , shamrocks , dundalk ), 
  whats the club out there ? 
  [ i know of a far better flag ] ( https://cdn.royal-flags.co.uk/media/image/1797r.jpg ), 
  you know all those things are also true between rural swabia and dresden too . 
  hell , 30 years ago they were in different countries . 
  never change , yanks . 
  never change, 
  i mean i still get lit a lot and stick on the rebs tbf, 
  yeah mate this is us taking the piss . 
  half my facebook is filled with ra memes, 
  starry plough flag , raised by the socialist irish citizens ' army during the easter rising of 1916 . 
  someone did n't get their hole this week, 
  if you 're still in belfast sunday , antrim are playng in cushendall ( about 45 minutes outside the city ), 
  got fuck all sleep and woke at 6 but ca n't go back to sleep . 
  going to go watch celtic in a couple of hours which should be some craic . 
  back home to belfast on friday and waiting on word back from a uni , so if i hear that this week it 'd make things perfect . 
  just another tradgedy after mark dying just last years . 
  definitely not what i expected to see waking up . 
  2-3 , depending on the people drinking . 
  would n't put anymore than that in the pot we have, 
  brendan is staying for 10 in a row at the very least . 
  very late on this but definitely nightlife for me . 
  easily their least heavy andmost `` soulful '' album , but my god is it amazing . 
  underrated even amongst lizzy fans, 
  has to be nightlife for me, 
  i think we should get the vote instead of west brits tbh, 
  it 's just your typical anti-scottish vitriol that happens when you talk about anything to do with scotland, 
  i mean it never really comes up . 
  obviously english football is , in general , at a higher quality . 
  why would any of us think otherwise ? 
  google says its some kind of cocktail, 
  maureen would not approve, 
  real frys you get in belfast have potato and soda bread , unlike this pitiful jackeen attempt, 
  who the fuck gets streaky bacon in ireland . 
  soda bread with a fry is different stuff that what youd get with soup , looks like [ this ] ( http://www.gorgeouscottagesireland.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/soda-farls.jpg ) ( although obviously it gets fried ), 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's either ginger beer or cider , but id guess the first, 
  i mean a pint with a late fry on a sunday sounds good , but aye it 's not really normal, 
  most attractive script/alphabet : arabic, 
  most simple grammar : chinese from what i 've heard , but spanish from what ive studied, 
  most difficult grammar : do n't know , a caucasian or native american language id guess, 
  most fascinating history : basque, 
  cider is more common here but the colour looks more like ginger beer to me . 
  with ice in it ? 
  that seems mank, 
  r.i.p martin , you 'll be sorely missed . 
  one fought for freedom in ireland and helped bring peace , the other is a bigoted cunt who never had any intention of helping the people on this island . 
  history will remember martin fondly , not so much that prick, 
  whats the mod ? 
  no hurling in may . 
  national league ends in april , championship starts in june, 
  edit : acc there might be a qualifier , but there 's no fixtures announced yet anyway, 
  club championship just finished there , but there 'd be the odd league game maybe . 
  bit harder to find fixtures for those though, 
  yep , my bad . 
  they play on the 21st . 
  football starts the next weekend too . 
  i know they have 6 serie a titles , but they all came after 1990 . 
  i thought they were winning everything with socrates . 
  not a club , but scotland . 
  hampdens an absolute shitehole and they ca n't really play international matches at parkhead for obvious reasons . 
  ah right . 
  i kinda though it must have been because of the state leagues they were considered big then ( and support obviously ) but ive heard a lot of brazilians say they are n't so important , at least nowadays , so i was n't so sure . 
  same with vasco though , always though they were one of like the 4 biggest teams , but maybe that 's more because they 've fallen on tough times . 
  adams and mcguinness were n't fucking shitebags like dev . 
  dev is one of the country 's biggest scumbags , not an irish hero, 
  if you couldnt tell from his name , he 's a celtic fan . 
  we have a strong relationship with st. pauli , hence the flair, 
  inflammable material by stiff little fingers has to be up there, 
  also true, 
  the bhoys is a nickname for celtic, 
  do n't rule out the stickies, 
  he 's a republican sinn f\u00e9in man now is he ? 
  you have any recommendation of a good place to start ( books etc. ), 
  for someone wanting to learn irish without access to classes ? 
  do what pete said and call the guards . 
  scare the shit out of the cunt, 
  then you should compare it to separatist groups globally and not just the ra, 
  i 'm just watching my wife getting fucked here while i read the quran . 
  lol . 
  the ira did have a lot in common with its politics and culture with farc . 
  they even supported each other . 
  look up the colombia * 3, 
  you think hezbollah , isis and the taliban are homogenous ? 
  if you do you really do n't understand anyo f those groups . 
  by the way , assuming you didnt just spell ira wrong , the lra is a christian extremist group , not a separatist one .
