  it 's going to be a fun time up here again , me boyos . 
  in the entire history of magic , black without a shadow of a doubt . 
  i kind of like ring of three wishes just as another way to get prophet , but there might well be a better way of tutoring it . 
  not working for me either . 
  mystical tutor does n't let you get prophet thought . 
  chord of calling is another choice too , but i suppose tutors are always good . 
  damn !, 
  if only he was about 100km further north . 
  the universities here seem to absolutely love foreign students ( a whole whack of spanish , portuguese , brazilians , chinese et al. ), 
  so i imagine that should n't be too hard to obtain . 
  the bmc ( poly technical ) might be different though, 
  most things tend to be cheaper up here ( at least compared to dublin ) . 
  you 'd also have to watch what you say regarding politics/religion in certain places , but i imagine you would n't be going to those areas anyway not being from here . 
  less variety as well when it comes to restaurants , but being at that level of difference really is n't that important . 
  sorry , but i have no idea what a grade point average is . 
  we have ucas points , but i 've still never applied to uni ( i 'm getting there ) so i have n't dealt with it at all . 
  it 's a really wise choice , it 's best not to bother with it . 
  you 'll be able to get pretty much anything you want to buy ingredients wise , we have a pretty decent immigrant community , from african to bengali to chinese to polish , so pretty much anything you want you 'll be able to get if you look hard enough . 
  when it comes to restaurants , there 's a good selection of italian , traditional ( your typical irish food ) , american , chinese and indian , but anything beyond that is a long shot . 
  if you 're looking for some french cuisine , you 're going to struggle or if you want something turkish that is n't a cheap kebab . 
  there 's good cafes and other places so sandwiches , other lunch/snack type stuff and coffee should be easy . 
  mexican food and us style bbq ( whether it is similar to what you have back home , i doubt it , but it 's what it gets called here ) is also becoming really popular for a quick lunch as well . 
  we do however , have the best breakfasts in the world . 
  it 's the one reason to live in beflast . 
  nothing beats the heart attack inducing [ ulster fry ] ( http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/04/ce/71/0e/this-is-the-ulster-fry.jpg ) . 
  just fantastic . 
  they are not lazy , comrade , but utilitarian . 
  black pudding is not as common up here as it should be . 
  i 'd have it over sausage meself . 
  if youve got anymore questions ill do my best to help . 
  the soda and potato bread is a delicacy of our own up here . 
  im told our bacon is different too , but i dont know for sure . 
  that sounds far too healthy for me . 
  huh . 
  i must say ive never seen it before . 
  is it a culchie thing ? 
  ill have to ask me ma about that . 
  those playmats are amazing . 
  if anything makes up for not making day 2 , they will . 
  brimaz is insane . 
  have fun with him . 
  maro said there are no colourless delve cards in ktk . 
  could you post the cards ? 
  i like the shorter time till rotation . 
  to me , standard 's biggest strength is the fact it changes . 
  channel fireball and scg , although i assume you would already be watching them . 
  tolarian community college is great too . 
  i do n't think medomai should have been adjusted down . 
  medomai 's giving extra turns is definitely a very mythic feeling . 
  how can you be so dumb not to realise what course you are doing ? 
  argh . 
  but do you think there is something wrong with out coffee ? 
  i do n't drink the stuff ( i do like coffee revels though ) but i 've been told our stuff is pretty solid . 
  i remember being told by a guy in the irish army of a story in the late 1930s early 1940s of a meeting with some of the high-ups in the irish army . 
  with the fear of the war and all they started trying to increase recruitment , so they got a deal with some of the old ra men and organised them into one unit ( a small one , a battalion i think , i 'm not entirely sure ) . 
  during the meeting one of the men asked how the unit was getting along and the colonel in charge 's only response was `` they 're the only unit who brought their own guns '' . 
  ah well , there 's bound to be a few of ye . 
  i always found cork to be a lovely city ( although to be fair i do come from belfast ) . 
  cans of guinness ? 
  i 'm no drinker , but i 'm pretty sure that 's blasphemy . 
  it 's a fine wee place up here . 
  we 're a bit nuts though , but i 've heard we are all nice to tourists , so ye 'll be grand . 
  there is n't really much here to be honest . 
  you either go look at some pictures on a wall , look around some shite estate , or go ask people here about it ( which in general is a bad idea ) . 
  yer best bet would be to go to some of the museums in the south ( kilmainham is a great place in dublin , really interesting , but of course it is for the anglo-irish war and 1916 rather than the troubles ) . 
  we 're rather ashamed about the troubles up here ( obviously ) so we do n't really have much about it . 
  however , if you want to go learn about a shitely made ship that sank on her fucking maiden voyage , then boy are you in for a treat . 
  depends on the pub i suppose . 
  but not really what i meant , but i did n't get me point across well enough . 
  to be fair though , i do n't think many people are stupid enough to actually do that , but ye got to cover all the bases . 
  it 's not really going to cover a very long trip though . 
  you 've got your stuff in west belfast , up round the falls and andy 's town , ardoyne and all that craic . 
  the best murals though by far are those in the bogside . 
  that stuff is powerful to see . 
  when it comes to any loyalists stuff , i got no clue . 
  it 's all just `` up da uda '' shite from what i 've seen though , so not worth seeing . 
  you could easily get that all done in a day or two though , so you 've obviously got to have something else planned . 
  thankfully you 've got the giant 's causeway , the mournes , the lakes and plenty more to keep you occupied . 
  i 'm sure ye 'll enjoy your ( hopeful ) visit eitherway . 
  i would n't be going to armagh now , they 're a bunch of weirdens . 
  if you go to derry , be warned it is a bit of a hole . 
  the people are great though , and the countryside around it is fecking beautiful . 
  this is where me family comes from so i may be biased , but up around the sperrin mountains ( the derry side , do n't ventutre into god forsake tyrone ) is just one of the most beautiful parts of the country . 
  the sperrins , west cork and the mournes are just some of the most beautiful places in ireland . 
  bring a camera . . 
  if you go into derry i highly recommend finding a chippy called wheelers . 
  it may be shite , but it brings back memories of going their before going to the gaa matches . 
  great place . 
  i wo n't comment on donegal , hate the place ( bad childhood memory , fell , got a stone stuck in my nose for about 2 months . 
  bastard county if you ask me . 
  play shite football too ) . 
  i may not have a balanced opinion . 
  belfast is great . 
  there 's surprisingly lots to do ( i 'n sure if your planning a trip you 'll know all i could tell you ) . 
  if you get a nice day , taking a drive down round ards ( not the town , for christ sake not the town ) and then up into the mournes ( maybe as two trips ) is definitely worth it . 
  the scenery is just beautiful . 
  definitely plan going around down there ( and of course up to the north coast . 
  definitely worth taking your time going up along the north coast to derry if you get a nice day . ), 
  roscommon is not somewhere i ever think i 've been . 
  how many lsv puns do you actually get to experience as a full time player ?
