  definitely a thing we think here , boxing is huge, 
  i 'm sure all those people in east germany whose livelihoods and homes were absolutely torn apart and shit up by the ravaging of the capitalist west german government remember the gdr, 
  just in case you do n't know coloureds is an acceptable term in [ south africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coloureds ), 
  liberal is not the term to use in this context . 
  the catholic community ( or those from a catholic background if not religious ) is split between the social-democratic sdlp and sinn f\u00e9in who are overall democratic socialist but with factions from all over the left . 
  definitely not liberal . 
  religion had fuck all to do with the troubles . 
  it was about national identity ( irish vs british ) and political differences ( socialist/social-democratic vs conservative ) . 
  the actual relevance of religion is massively overblown and has largely been put forward by the british as a way to present themselves in a better light . 
  mad that the history of my home is being constantly misrepresented ? 
  yes . 
  it was n't about religion at all . 
  the ira was n't fighting to establish a catholic theocracy , they were fighting to establish a 32 county socialist irish republic . 
  the church was no friend of irish republicanism and never has been . 
  this idea that it was a religious conflict is nonsense . 
  th ira was a left-wing group fighting to protect the irish community and form a full irish republic , the uvf and uda were fighting to keep the british state in charge and to maintain their identity as british . 
  the idea it was a religious conflict has been put forward by the british government to make them seem like a forward thinking helping power instead of an invading colonialist force . 
  they wanted to further divide the catholic community in the north from an irish identity and to establish the protestant and dissenter communities as british when in the past they did not think of themselves as such . 
  it was a political ( left vs right ) and identity ( irish vs british ) based conflict not a religious one . 
  part of it in that the two groups ( or 4 if you want to split into nationalist/republican and unionist/loyalist ) came from different religious backgrounds but those religions did n't actually have anything to do with it . 
  a simple look at the long history of protestants within irish nationalism and republicanism is enough to see that . 
  de kuip is one of my favourites, 
  some fenian club last i heard . 
  probably hibs given their name, 
  north down is a stronghold of liberal unionism weirdly . 
  lots of votes for alliance and the greens, 
  some of our largest immigrant groups are poles and lithuanians who are overwhelmingly catholic but the main reason is due to much higher birth rates among the catholic irish population than the protestant one . 
  i have no figures for this but i 've also found that more catholics would continue to call themselves catholic despite not actually believing in god , like many in the republic . 
  there 's a weird sense of cultural catholicism in ireland . 
  fermanagh and tyrone actually had catholic majorities at the time of partition but it was deemed that 4 counties was too small to reduce the size too, 
  may is the warmonger tho, 
  thanks !, 
  i 've been using ` mover ' with spanish speakers a lot and they 've never corrected me , guess it was n't a big enough mistake for them to point out, 
  lol , the fucking spectator . 
  take it from this sinn f\u00e9in voting irish republican , corbyn is not an ira supporter , was not an ira supporter and had absolutely nothing at all to do with militant irish republicanism . 
  e tu ? 
  yep, 
  bet you do n't go around pretending you know about the big political and social issues uzbekistan is struggling with though, 
   part of the same country as us in britain, 
  absolutely triggered, 
  same as the scots as well . 
  when immigration has never been an issue here and emigration has fucking ravished both scotland and ireland the anti-immigrant brigades really get under my fucking skin, 
  massively upset i never thought of this before . 
  parkehead is like stone island heaven, 
  \\ #sunsouthunsout, 
  there really is no other option where i am though , even my staunchly anti shinner parents are voting them this time around, 
  hard to find six-packs no a days , 4 tins of tyskie is what i 've been getting for casual afternoon drinking, 
  well done lad . 
  where abouts ? 
   it is part of the united kingdom of great britain and north *** ireland, 
  absolutely triggered x2, 
  croke park definitely despite not being used for soccer, 
  hill 16 on a game like dublin cork is mad . 
  my family is from derry so i do n't get to see my team play often but when i do it 's incredible, 
  shite stadium in all regards . 
  really need another proper stadium in scotland, 
  yep , fener-gala is called the intercontinental derby . 
  gala and besiktas in europe , fener in asia, 
  it 's falling apart, 
  anyone else think those half time and pre-match shows are just embarrassing ? 
  * yet *, 
  forlan was ballix at united but the moment he goes to spain he 's amazing ? 
  must be a shite league ... 
  40 + million or fuck off, 
  not at all . 
  sinclair is now in a team that is playing to his abilities , with a manager that supports him , with a crowd that loves him . 
  not hard to see why he 'd pick up his performances with us, 
  really hope we do n't sell him at all yet , but definitely not for that price, 
  i 'd like to see us spending decent anyway , we 're in with a great shout of champions league football anyway , finances are good , it 's not like we need anything other than really silly money for him, 
  eboue had malaria did he no from being back home ? 
  but honestly , what were you expecting from the toure signing ? 
  he was never going to be our 30 + game a season center back . 
  he was there to fill a hole for the first half of the season which he did perfect . 
  and tbf i would n't be surprised if we have kolo in a backroom role within the next few years, 
  lol . 
  sure he will lad, 
  targeting the first team in a 3 or 4 years , aye, 
  so unlucky for juve . 
  feel bad for them, 
  maloney and hooper were nothing on the talent dembele is , not even close . 
  samaras was a role player and well loved by fans ( totally not cus you could replace up the ra with samaras either btw ) but he was n't a great player, 
  red ra was the best ra , do n't let any haugheys tell you otherwise, 
  scott brown for 4.4 tho, 
  european football great , absolutely no doubt, 
  honestly have n't met many celtic fans that treat hibs like that . 
  we dislike you the least but i ca n't say i know many lads who 'd say they like you, 
  aye and yous are only irrelevant cus of us, 
  i 'm sure all the communists in the ra loved the thought of a church run ireland . 
  did you know connolly was actually a jesuit deacon, 
  one of the proud clare o'nnollys, 
  my da ( a nordie , always lived in derry/belfast ) has just said that haughey , ahern and cowen are the exact reasons he 'd vote fianna f\u00e1il given the chance , saying they - especially ahern - are the greatest taoiseachs ireland has had . 
  can anyone explain try and explain that nonsense to me, 
  obviously biased ( and obviously does n't deny it ) but anphoblacht really is n't that bad with lots of its opinion pieces . 
  honestly think lots of its articles are quite well written . 
  if you want impartial reporting i do n't think any irish paper is any good , but the examiner is probably the best, 
  the irish times is still noticeably right of centre though, 
  not often . 
  i was living in glasgow for the last year but only got to matches twice for a combination of reasons . 
  moving to holland so i 'll have even less chance to see our games now . 
  might catch some of yours though :p,
