  well it 's no like it 's dead . 
  there 's a tv channel ( tg4 ) and at least one national radio station in irish ( raidi\u00f3 na gaeltachta ) . 
  many newspapers and websites have irish sections too . 
  everyone in the republic has to learn it ( not that many really end up speaking it ) and many catholic schools in the 6 counties teach it too ,, 
  there 's been plenty of attempts at increasing its usage but none have been too successful . 
  well that is true , but ireland still has native speakers using it every day unlike latin . 
  there is ( or at least was ) one in belfast called raidi\u00f3 f\u00e1ilte as well, 
  what 's it like compared to bucky ? 
  so not even like bucky . 
  but that is some offer, 
  it would hugely hurt them as abstentionism is a core reason for their existance, 
  but it would piss off nearly every sinn f\u00e9in voter massively and goes against everything they stand for . 
  the idea that kept getting permeated in english media that sinn f\u00e9in would ( or should ) take their seats is beyond ridiculous . 
  wikibot , youtube bot , metric bot etc. 
  are pretty good , but the stupid jokey shite ones can fuck off . 
  fed up of the `` could of '' bot as well , does my head in . 
  and it would not be seen as worth it in the eyes of sinn f\u00e9in to forsake everything they have stood for for the last 100 years to take their seats in a foreign colonial government . 
  they run as a sign that people dont want continued occupation, 
  partaking in colonial government is a step away from irish unity not a step towards it, 
  thin lizzy , rory , dubliners , tones , stiff little fingers , primordial . 
  the lot of them, 
  fantastic news . 
  denayer ? 
  better choice than keeping it, 
  calling others out on saying shite stuff like at isnt so much a bad thing though is it, 
  lol the stewards trying to protect the goalposts from griff, 
  aill adopt ye if ye want that sweet passport . 
  anyone know where i can get a 2016/17 moldova kit ? 
  preferably the yellow one ? 
  super hungry . 
  the hot water in our house is fucked again , does anyone here now how to fix water pressure in a ( dutch ) boiler, 
  that was its capacity for soccer and rugby ( which it is n't used for anymore ) . 
  it actually holds around 82,500 . 
  i really like the lack of roofs on stadiums , but i mean i can also really understand the practicality issues :p, 
  on any gaa ground in fact , also banned people from playing `` foreign sports '' too ( might still be a rule actually , but it was hardly ever enforced and certainly never is now ) . 
  all nationalities are concocted, 
  i mean yeah . 
  vercingetorix was nothing close to french but is still used as a symbol of modern france , likewise with boudicca in england . 
  most ancient heros and symbols of countries have as much to do with modern states as phillip or alexander do with the modern country of macedonia . 
  oh you mean like the sexons , jutes , angles , normans etc. 
  that did the same to britain ? 
  sounds pretty similar . 
  the french are a differrnt ethnicity with a non-related language to the celts and also `` fabricated '' their history ( whatever the hell that really means . 
  near every nation has done the same , it baffles me that people get so upset when macedonia does it too . 
  thank the culchies for keeping gaa alive when it died out in dublin , belfast , derey etc. 
  a mean you 've no showed us how any western european country can link themselves to the heroes of their past anymore than macedonia can to theirs . 
  i 'm not saying macedonia is in anyway linked to the macedonia of alexander , am just saying that that is no different from what other countries do . 
  that is probably true , i just think on looks alone roofless is nicer . 
  like the old estadio da luz is so much nicer than the new one imo, 
  i 'd personally love to be in a packed camp nou , but at the same time i also love to moan about tourist fans damaging modern football so ... 
  i would like to go on one of thoss football tours people organise where you go watch a bunch of teams over a week/weekend with one big match as the `` highlight '', 
  second captains i like too, 
  missing glue sniffing in belfast, 
  so i 've become greatly interested in the war of the league of augsburg recently after starting to read up on patrick sarsfield and the parts of the war that took part in ireland and i 'm now interested in getting an army made for the period . 
  does anyone here know what the best figures for the period would be . 
  i 'm really interested in french and spanish stuff that could hopefully also be used for the war of spanish succession and anything that could represent the jacobite forces in ireland . 
  thanks . 
  so , simple question really , is it playable in boros burn ? 
  also someone appears to have stolen one of my temple of triumphs . 
  may the power of / r/magictcg strike them down . 
  so , at the end of the article it says this :, 
  `` during her hero 's journey , elspeth transcended her everyday fears . 
  her own comfort and safety were no longer her primary concerns . 
  she sacrificed herself for the love of daxos , the love of theros , and the love of innocents who ca n't protect themselves . 
  when mortals die in theros , they go to the underworld . 
  the living can only speculate what the underworld is really like , because the returned reveal nothing . 
  if there are more obstacles waiting for elspeth , she will face them unhindered by mundane cares and concerns , more powerful than ever before . '', 
  one could take this , especially the last paragraph , to mean this is n't quite the end of elspeth . 
  maybe a black/white elspeth in the future is n't such a wild claim to make right now . 
  edit : heh , forgot the article http://www.wizards.com/magic/magazine/article.aspx?x=mtg/daily/feature/301, 
  so i 'm upgrading my pc and just want to know if the parts i am getting will actually work together before i buy it . 
  these are my specs now :, 
  operating system : windows 7 home premium 64-bit ( 6.1 , build 7601 ) service pack 1 ( 7601 . win7sp1_gdr .140303 -2144 ), 
  system manufacturer : advent, 
  system model : centurion ci 5231, 
  processor : intel ( r ) core ( tm ) i5 cpu 650 @ 3.20 ghz ( 4 cpus ) , ~ 3.2 ghz, 
  graphics card : ati radeon hd 5570, 
  motherboard : foxconn p55a series, 
  power supply : channel well technology model dsaii450s-6 450w ( not so sure on this , it 's hard for someone as useless as me to find it ), 
  motherboard : foxconn p55a series, 
  i was thinking about getting a gtx 970 g , another 4gb of ram , a new power supply if need and maybe a 1tb hard drive . 
  i really have no idea about making or upgrading a pc , so i 'll probably get someone to do that for me , but i 'd really like help when it comes to whether the 970 would work , if a new power supply is needed ( or even if it would work ) . 
  thanks for any help you can give . 
  if i need to post anything else , please say . 
  the first couple of minutes of this [ song here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9v71oackyi ) are really similar to an irish song but i ca n't for the life of me remember its name . 
  can anyone help us out ? 
  after that i know it 's katyusha like , it 's the song they are playing at the start i ca n't figure out . 
  so i 've seen plenty of threads about this in other forums and messageboards across the internet but none seem to really come to any definite conclusions . 
  what are the fullcommunist football teams ? 
  which teams from each country should we be supporting ? 
  i mean [ livorno calcio ] ( https://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lv55584fnd1r6cq4ro1_1280.jpg ) seems like the best bet from italy and [ st. pauli ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1acwlelgi1rs4qqbo1_500.jpg ) for germany . 
  [ ac omonia ] ( http://img-fotki.yandex.ru/get/9307/155686908.6/0_c9436_95814a9b_xl.jpg ) seems pretty fullcommunist from cyrpus as well , but what about everywhere else ? 
  can someone draw something like [ this ] ( http://static4.fjcdn.com/comments/why+bother+with+azerbaijan+when+you+have+armenia+_73d23574e1f7311a43cc84a8c73528af.jpg ) but with a stereotypical turk ( fez and big mustache , maybe a crescent instead of the cross ) and without the text , maybe replace the white background with a turkish flag ( or with the text , i 'm not that incompetant that i ca n't do that ) . 
  the same style would be great too . 
  it 's for my mate 's profile pic on steam . 
  has anyone here studied languages at ucd ? 
  i 'm having a tough time deciding whether the international languages course or just doing spanish ( which has the option of doing another language with it anyway ) is the better choice . 
  so i 'm a bit confused about the new changes . 
  where do i go if i want to moan about the fucking blueshirts , question what labour has become since the death of connolly or question the whereabouts of gerry in the 1970s ? 
  what ' a i do if i want to call 1980s fianna f\u00e1il corrupt bastards ?
