  either way there has never really been a strong hate for either has there ? 
  i thought most germans spent their time hating their rivals/bayern till rb came ? 
  in yer fucking dreams mate, 
  they call them eccies in scotland, 
  yep . 
  many young people have no choice . 
  what about the vertical one in la bombonera ? 
  or is that cheating, 
  nah , these days are fine, 
  i 'd say something like `` s ` craic '' or `` bout ye '' if i know them , `` hello '' if not, 
  if he 'd been born ugly he would have actually concentrated on football instead of getting shitfaced and bucking women, 
  what 's the craic , like what 's up or what 's happening , just do n't really say the what or the bit, 
  article 26 +6 = 1, 
  korean 3rd division football is what real men stealing their da 's credit cards bet on, 
  you go try their sausages and cheap lager and reconsider that nonsense at once, 
   have a statue of lenin installed, 
  i would n't object, 
  most of the republic lives in cities though . 
  rural areas is also where sinn f\u00e9in had most of its support in the republic outside of the last ten years, 
  every offie in the occupied six counties carries it , and cheap enough too . 
  think it 's 24 of the small bottles for 14 in the sainsburys near us, 
  very easily recognisable script . 
  anyone interested in languages should be able to recognise languages like georgian and armenian for how different their scripts are . 
  apart from their own citizens that spoke languages other than french . 
  france has it 's own history of discrimination too that gets swept under the carpet a lot . 
  only good if the biscuit is super hard . 
  hate them when theyre soft, 
  mikado first , would n't have the rest . 
  any of yous ever eat anzac biscuits ? 
  difficult to find them now but theyre great, 
  think so , anzacs were oz and new zealand soldiers anway . 
  got them here in belfast though , think it was jacobs, 
  irish . 
  bh is a v sound , s followed by e or i is a sh sound, 
  not really . 
  irish is ` irish ' in english and ` gaeilge ' in irish . 
  when people say gaelic they generally mean the goidelic languages ( i.e irish , manx , scottish gallic ), 
  then slabbers the fuck out of us when he 's gone, 
  caoimhe , saoirse , donnchadh , conchobhar , tadgh , d\u00e1ire , even p\u00f3l all seem to catch people out . 
  really any irish name but sean and s\u00e9amus seem to confuse english speakers , and even then ... 
  l is n't silent in solder ? 
  they 're generally called bouncers in english mate , at least where i 'm from, 
  the fuck is happening in this match, 
  scottish football is pure shite is it no, 
  defo `` soul-der '' where im from, 
  hoping omonia can pick up and do somethig next season, 
  i rarely ever use shampoo but i thoroughly wash it with water at least once a day , often more, 
  well clearly it 's a skill they 're currently lacking in , only makes sense really, 
  please no . 
  it does n't seem near oppressive and it 's a much quicker deck than ascendancy storm . 
  yeah , zlatan is nowhere fucking near him, 
  i mean there 's only a ~ 55 % chance ye 'll get kneecapped as a tourist these days , lad . 
  i really do n't get what the fuss is about , those are grand odds, 
  well the british government was complicit in the bombings of dublin and monaghan whereas the irish government had nothing to do with the ira, 
  coming from a younger lad in belfast , the ra memes have been a great way of bringing us all together . 
  they 're gas, 
  yeah , i want to a prod school like and all my old mates love that shit, 
  yeah , aul haughey did n't want the commies taking over the ra . 
  i do n't think me_ira is going to be to fond of him, 
  weird combo with the amount of hate we get from city fans all the time, 
  big up feyenoord . 
  so happy to see ajax loose as often as possible, 
   i am about as liberal as they come , practically a socialist, 
  so not at all a socialist . 
  socialism and liberalism are completely separate , distinct and incompatible ideologies . 
  personally i 'd prefer our new taoiseach to explore new political possibilities beyond the us . 
  pictures with the iron sheik is what i want to see, 
  they habent won the league yet, 
  he 's no wrong , city and barca are pure shite, 
  nice jewellery with a fruit theme ? 
  like a necklace with a apple or a lemon or some shit on it . 
  those are probably a thing, 
  you 're really in a golden situation to lean the language though . 
  you 're living with two native speakers . 
  get yourself a good language course ( i 've heard assimil is good for japanese but id check up on that ) and get your parents to speak to you in the language as much as they can if you really want to learn . 
  having another language ca n't hurt you . 
  you have to get in with the tokyo csc though if you go, 
  common for teachers and guards to be gaa players here . 
  think a big factor is the ease at which they get time off, 
  kelly 's cellars in belfast is good craic . 
  nice mix of republicans and tourists for funny happenings, 
  see with your post history this does n't seem like a joke . 
  hope youre alright man, 
  whatever helps man . 
  good luck with what youre going through, 
  it 's cus its what you think of when you think irish pub . 
  good crowd and cheap ( for belfast ) doesnt hurt either, 
  nah just some lads that like to think they were . 
  theres never trouble , just funny hearing drunk lads from belfast explainig the finer points of the sticky/provo split to confused yanks, 
  in work is defo normal here . 
  at work sounds weird, 
  back in ireland yesterday , good to be home . 
  celtic are playing in a few mins so i 'm excited for that, 
  nah mate he 's staying for 10 in a row, 
  if dynamo come back strong it 'll be real interesting in moscow next season . 
  torpedo back when ? 
  sviatchenko did it too did he no ? 
  edit : no, 
  nah they did n't , my bad . 
  does n't seem like the easiest country to get promoted in at all russia .
