  all it takes is one more game like this and again we 're out of the champions league before the fucking group stages . 
  we brought rodgers in to stop these fucking embarassments and he has the worst fucking one of all . 
  it just isnt good enough, 
  but you never fucking lost to a team from gibraltar did you ? 
  you never came close . 
  and a supposedly top manager being shite in europe ? 
  well that just aint going to cut it either, 
  and ours isnt loose to a fucking gibraltar team shite . 
  were awful , truly fucking awful , but we still arent that . 
  this isnt his first game . 
  hes already had three shockingly shit friendlies in slovenia, 
  no , the team is fucking shite and he isnt doing anything to make it betyer . 
  its clear that ambrose isnt good enough , brown isnt good enough , ciftci isnt good enough . 
  youth team players would be more worth playing . 
  and hopefully spending some money for efe too . 
  he basically lost the game himself . 
  what fener official thought he was a quality player ill never know . 
  cool map , but i believe you have ceceo and seseo mixed up . 
  bb is very much bile blight for me , but i guess that more shows i dont play legacy, 
  tbh i think thats why i make the connection, 
  scotland . 
  all held in glasgow to be more exact . 
  a bigger version of the first one i went to . 
  a coffee shop , with lovely food and drink on offer , very very clean and friendly staff and a generally great selection of people there . 
  24/7 modern would also be a great way to go . 
  any quick explanation how it works ? 
  like an old thread to go by ? 
  i get how fantasy football works , i meant more what website is this league using , whats the prize ( bragging rights i guess ) . 
  is it free etc. 
  nah i guess i wouldnt . 
  i was on a forum before that did an nfl one and im pretty sure you had to pay for that , so i wasnt sure . 
  cheers , man . 
  as much as it pains me , linfield have more . 
  well over 200 iirc . 
  what do you think needs to happen for celtic to become european level competitive again ? 
  do you think as long as we are in the scottish league we 'll never progress far in the champions league ? 
  im a taig and we used coke growing up . 
  i feel ashamed now :(, 
  lile yer other lad says , its all the orangemen 's fault, 
  fucking embarrassing for everyone in scottish football . 
  fucking us loosing to red imps and this as well . 
  well , at least hibs lost to a half decent side ... 
  jesus , but we belfast ones are boring . 
  bad reffing overall or just one bad decision ? 
  not deciding two weeks later that maybe some other language would be funner . 
  its a never ending loop, 
  fuck me was derry bad . 
  what a fucking waste of a day going to cavan, 
  how ? 
  the game was atrocious . 
  both teams were awful and will get demolished by galway . 
  derry 's kickouts were again , like every other week , the direct cause of about at least half of the scores tipperary got . 
  just woeful stuff . 
  what 's the best way to get a feel for a language ? 
  i know this is a bit of a stupid question , but i can never stick with one language to learn because i always end up thinking pretty quickly that maybe another language would be funner to learn . 
  is there any tips anyone here has for getting a pretty quick feel for how a language works and how it sounds , if that makes sense ? 
  cheers . 
  and yes , i am fully prepared to consider uzbek . 
  uzbek does sound really cool , but i bet after spending some time learning it i 'd start to get thoughts like `` i really should just be learning turkish ... '' :p, 
  i mean this is a great case for uzbek though . 
  i 'll have to look more into it . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  if you listen to party members talk they always support him as leader , and if i was a member of the party i 'd find it difficult not to support him . 
  what he 's done to bring and help maintain the peace here has been amazing . 
  are the marble arches worth a visit ? 
  something me and me ma have always meant to do but never got around to . 
  i 'm sure she 'd love that like . 
  she 's from fermanagh herself so i think it would be good to go back again like . 
  cheers man . 
  i see nothing wrong with this . 
  ok that makes sense . 
  sorry , just in a bit of a panic now . 
  thanks . 
  thanks for the info . 
  looking through the websites leiden lists ( like duwo and kamernet ) they do n't seem to have very many , if any housing available ? 
  am i looking too early or too late ? 
  i 'm a bit lost on why i can find so little . 
  i 'll take a look at facebook though , that 's an idea i had n't thought of . 
  on your point on looking for somewhere outside of leiden , is that really practical ? 
  would it not be very expensive to commute in ? 
  is that something many students do ? 
  i really appreciate the help man . 
  thanks very much . 
  anyone got a gif of the goal yet ? 
  i was complaining about it being too sunny and warm in belfast like 2 weeks ago but then the rain came again yesterday and i remembered how shit it is . 
  please stay mr. sun . 
  there 's us in ireland , but i guess that 's less separatism and more a reunification movement . 
  through school mostly i take it aye ? 
  ill talk to you in a thick belfast accent about the issues under 20s have and my constant frustrations celtic . 
  not sure ye want that now like but thats all i can do im afraid . 
  where else , ya fucking jackeen . 
  i think he means that diplomats would speak in their own language and have it translated rather than speaking to eachother in a common la guage , but im unsure . 
  a lad in the bar last night was saying we 'll play efe as striker today . 
  guess he was half right, 
  i like some of the funny sayings in spanish , like the weirdest one ive heard is `` hacerse un sueco '' . 
  theres defo more but ive blanked on remembering them, 
  id love him here . 
  if smashing in 4 away to inverness isnt a confidence builder i dont know what is . 
  aw lad youve done it now . 
  but is that sort of classic literature not going to be difficuly in any language ?
