  and eta , not `` the basque party '' . 
  you 'll find most socialists do n't out and out support the pira . 
  stickies and inla , yeah largely , but not so much the provos . 
  religion no . 
  those three groups religious views are massively different , even if they do all fit into the broad group of islam . 
  culturally they do n't either . 
  isis is made up of men from all over the world , from englishmen , to dagesitanis to indians . 
  hezbollah is exclusively lebanese who are culturally very different from those groups , never mind the overwhelmingly pashtun taliban , whose culture is nothing like that of lebanon . 
  but there was plenty of reasons to support the pira at the time , especially before 1981 . 
  not condoning all their actions but there was definitely a legitimate space they fit into in a society that did n't allow political representation of irish republicanism, 
  i 've got to disagree . 
  dynamo as a name has got to be the cringiest of the mls along with real . 
  those teams were n't called that because those cities had anything to do with the soviet energy industry , but because they were all part of the dynamo sports society . 
  it 's just another name that completely does n't fit in . 
  ordered a few more classic football shirts yesterday . 
  these two were the highlights [ olympique marseille 1999-200 third shirt ] ( https://www.classicfootballshirts.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/0dc2d03fe217f8c83829496872af24a0/m/a/marseille-99-third_1_2.jpg ) and [ 2001-2002 ac pro ebolitana match issue ] ( https://www.classicfootballshirts.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/0dc2d03fe217f8c83829496872af24a0/p/e/pe.jpg ), 
  i 'm also still waiting back on hearing from holland for uni . 
  pure shitting it that i wo n't get in . 
  do n't really know what else to do but wait but i 'm proper worrying like, 
  says its in very good condition as well so a decent find, 
  you have actively caused the greatest horrors of the past century . 
  countless millions died in india , pakistan and bangladesh due to england 's engineered famines . 
  you were happy to use ` we ' earlier , why are you opposed to ` you ' now, 
  brits engineered circumstances to keep him oppressed . 
  if you want to refer to ww2 , ill thank the soviets for my freedom , not the scum busy gunning down catholics in ireland while the germans ran across europe . 
  soviets did n't joint the war till 1941 , they then proceeded to go on and do most to defeat the nazis while britain was twiddling her thumbs and the yanks were still building up to join in . 
  lol . 
  fuck off back to the bnp meeting, 
  im entitled to a life which the brits did their hardest to deny me, 
  what reply was i meant to give . 
  i 'm not a murdering scumbag so i 'm automatically a better person than any brit soldier . 
  scum of the earth . 
  bigoted fascist scum like you, 
  `` not an ounce of bigot in me '', 
  `` get back to being a pikey '', 
  you are n't even a good troll . 
  i dont follow any english team , nor do any of my celtic supporting mates, 
  happens in every sub . 
  love scottishpeopletwitter but christ is it disgusting when the all brigade arrives, 
  wish we could go back to the 60k subs days, 
  came dangerously close on the fb group before the mods sorted it out again, 
  turned from memes into people posting pics of dark fruits saying `` 29th pint ! '', 
  what language is that ? 
  video says the song is from hungary but that definitely is n't hungarian . 
  looks very much romance to me but not a romance language i recognise ; a romanian romani language maybe ? 
  edit : seems to just be romani . 
  not a romance language at all , weird that it looks similar to one though . 
  eoin is the irish equivalent of john and se\u00e1n that of jean , if anyone is curious why we have two words for the one name, 
  feminism does mean empowering women , empowering them to take their the place as equals in society . 
  this guy seems confused as to what female empowerment means ; it does not mean female superiority, 
  also inhabited by some of belfast 's unwanted terrorists ( you 're welcome ), 
  weihenstephaner maybe ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  ive only ever seen hefeweissbier ? 
  onh just stands for ira in irish, 
  because the football team seperated from the redt of the club i guess . 
  slightly more than just a name change, 
  theyre looking for a full time cheese specialist in some place on byres road . 
  sounds like mad craic, 
  still no heard anything back from leiden about uni but am confident ill get in . 
  thinking about sending in a back up application to groningen . 
  anyone know what its like as a city and uni ? 
  tempted me to drop everything and go for it when i saw the ad tbh, 
  sounds good . 
  how are you finding leiden . 
  it 's where i want to go , although my course would be in den haag . 
  still , same uni i guess, 
  that 's really cool to hear . 
  what 're you studying ? 
  the course i 've applied for is international studies ; have you heard anything about it ? 
  yeah i know what the course is , was just wondering if you might have known anyone doing it . 
  thanks for the help though !, 
  appreciate it, 
  edit : also , if you have n't seen this , why hertha ? 
  similar in course content to an american style liberal arts degree but different in structure . 
  you still have a day left to apply to it in leiden :p and until may 1st for most other dutch unis . 
  i 'm in first year in glasgow currently but its not what i want to be doing so i 'm going to be dropping out and starting from fresh . 
  these types of courses are significantly easier to get into than the liberal arts ones too , 3 passes at a-level will do it, 
  uni of glasgow , although am back in belfast now till exams . 
  the ones that i know of that are still open till may 1st are groningen , tilburg , rotterdam ( erasmus ) , utrecht and i think some stuff at amsterdam , although it might be april 1st like leiden . 
  do n't know if any of them are still taking places for september for any course you 'd be looking at , i know the liberal arts course in utrecht you can only apply for to start in spring term 2018, 
  lol am doing spanish as well , although non-beginners . 
  worth a look tbf , doubt you 'll be able to send off an app for september in leiden but the others are all possible , even a spring start . 
  not so sure about transfering over though but it 's hardly like you learn anything 1st year in a scottish uni . 
  shit am doing this year is repeating what i learned at gcse, 
  hi , i 'm planning on going to holland for uni in september . 
  do you know if its possible to apply for the duo loan later in the year if i do find work that adds up to 56 hours a mointh ? 
  thanks !, 
  harp, 
  a derry city pup would be better , but this lad will do, 
  doesnt look like your cfc have much competition either, 
  almighty invincibles, 
  i love wearing football shirts , especially older ones . 
  would n't wear them out to dinner or on a night out but i wear them round the house all the time . 
  still no word from uni which has me anxious but always have the backup of 2-3k a week as a bricky or spark in england which is nice i guess, 
  any construction lads round here ( ireland ) are paying that for lads to go over to london . 
  that 's what the company my da works for is paying . 
  my best mate 's just back from manchester after making a grand from a week 's work with an electrician and he has no qualifications at all ; the proper sparks were making 1.5-2k for their work like . 
  you can make mad money going over to yous, 
  what do you think ya prick,
