  when it comes to public opinion , of the lads from 1916 , overwhelmingly positive . 
  the ones from the troubles , much more divisive . 
  some , especially young people , have positive views of the pira/oira , although to be frank most do n't give a fuck . 
  older people see positives but mostly they seem really glad they 're gone ; they do n't want to go back to the troubles . 
  when it comes to the cira/rira/raad as well you 'll see spray painting with their names around the place like , but it 's hard to tell if that 's some level of support , warnings to drug dealers ( or rivals ) or just wee lads who do n't know a thing about them . 
  i 'd air towards the latter . 
  but that 's just my relatively quickly put together opinion and just one view from belfast . 
  i 'm sure it 's massively different in the south . 
  it 's a term for a member of the provisional ira . 
  when the ra split in 1969 it split into the provisionals ( the provos ) and the officials ( stickies ; why ` stickies ' i do n't know ) . 
  the provos were more traditional and claimed that they would concentrate more on protecting catholic communities in the north while the officials were more focused on political ideals and creating a 32 county socialist republic . 
  there 'll be someone here who can explain the differences far better if you ask . 
  real ira , continuity ira , probably a dozen different groups calling themselves \u00d3glaigh na h\u00c9ireann over the last 15 years ( raad just joined a group calling themselves that recently i think ) . 
  there 's a bunch of different groups , but the real ira are probably the biggest . 
  not sure whether you could say they are even an actual paramilitary group though . 
  anybody got a stream for this ? 
  edit : in spanish preferably, 
  i did n't see that one on rojadirecta ( well the one i was on , there seems to be a whole bunch of different ones ) . 
  only one i saw was in portuguese . 
  god that was a melt to get through the ads . 
  thanks a lot mate . 
  must be . 
  i only see 3 and 2 are betting sites that do n't work . 
  they just have to make watching this in ireland that bit harder eh, 
  disillusioned by ff , hates sf and desperately wants to vote the sdlp ? 
  i used to have a river shirt . 
  absolutely loved it ^ butialwaysthoughtitwasperu 's, 
  edt : fuck sake , missed the goal commenting this, 
  is it normal for the stadium to be this empty ? 
  yeah but peru were in pro evo and river were n't so it 's still the peru shirt to me :p, 
  i figured out a year or two after that it was river 's after watching a show about el supercl\u00e1sico, 
  scary stuff . 
  i 'd give him a talking to , he might have issues if he 's tempted to vote unionist . 
  nacional and pe\u00f1arol always seem full . 
  i take it pretty much all the fans just support one of them ? 
  fair enough . 
  i was thinking if someone here in ireland got into europe it would be packed but now that i think about it even then it would be mostly neutrals anyone . 
  if you 're going to book the goalie for that why a yellow and not a red ? 
  edit : how the fuck can one man say gol that long, 
  their own stadium not big enough ? 
  what a header, 
  i take it this is nacional 's or your 's then ? 
  there you go then . 
  have the inla not gone purely political now ? 
  pretty sure they have at least up here . 
  so op , what you have learned is more or less everyone in ireland is in some form of a group called \u00d3glaigh na h\u00c9ireann, 
  do n't know why they have n't . 
  it would really throw the brits off the scent, 
  what a melt for river . 
  seeing pics of montevideo and uruguay in general it looks like such a nice place . 
  too bad i ca n't understand a thing they say :p, 
  according to the article it 's sands cotai central in macau :p, 
  i 'd love to see one like . 
  i 'd love to see any of the big derbies in latinamerica really . 
  one of the uni 's i 've applied to has links with montevideo , maybe i 'll see you in a couple of years :p, 
  haha not the first in the thread, 
  we also heard about flamengo v fluminense growing up . 
  ( probably flamengo v corinthians more as well but that isnt really a derby ), 
  a stream of river plate and palmeiras last night . 
  i 'm irish . 
  edit : one was n't what i thought it was , so 7 . 
  we do have lizards actually . 
  do n't see them much though , more out in culchieland, 
  they 're meant to be all over ireland . 
  we have 5 species of turtle ( and i think one that 's been introduced ) and one actual lizard . 
  my ma says she used to see them round fermanagh . 
  only lizards i 've seen here in belfast [ are these lads ] ( http://www.registeredevil.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/orange_men_38116s.jpg ) . 
  the actual lizards we have here are [ these ] ( http://cdn2.arkive.org/media/87/87baf0ec-4a6a-45c2-b63b-1fc8a983c3ea/presentation.large/viviparous-lizard.jpg ) and apparently slow worms have been introduced illegally in clare ( snakes are back agh !!!! ) . 
  we defo have hedgehogs though . 
  a great bunch of lads . 
  do you even need to ban that much ? 
  price of progress and fireblast ( maybe ) . 
  pop definitely seems like a fair ban . 
  we do like the death of capitalism and , i do n't know , puppies ? 
  the dead sea ? 
  honestly couldnt tell ye . 
  ive never actually seen one in the flesh but the only time im really in the country its the sperrins and i doubt theyre round there . 
  ma says she saw them in fermanagh as a kid . 
  id have thought theyre all over the show in tropical cork and kerry, 
  are you doing gifs for all the games ? 
  great lad . 
  good to hear . 
  cheers . 
  are you in mexico or ecuador now ? 
  that was some shot from hyuri, 
  god scottish commentators need to learn how to do that, 
  i was getting a drink, 
  edit : they just showed a replay . 
  one hell of a goal, 
  how are cobresal even in this ? 
  they are from the back arse of nowhere, 
  aye but how did they manage that ? 
  they were 15th in the apertura . 
  good on ye paddy, 
  the stream i had was crap so i gave up and am watching the other match . 
  is there really a lot ? 
  would have thought it far fucking easier driving from sao paulo to uruguay never mind the crap you 'd have to do to get to this match after flying . 
  brazil has the state championships as well which seem similar enough . 
  seems to give massive upsets though , i kind of like it, 
  south america is bigger than i think it is .
