  if you are planning on going to groningen for next year i could maybe help out then , otherwise it looks like we 're in the same boat . 
  yep . 
  i want a 32 county republic , i want to improve levels of irish in society , but nothing beyond that . 
  i think thats what most irish nationalists are like too ; it 's different from most other nationalist groups in europe in that sense . 
  only other words i can make out are `` de ... bodega la '' at the bottom . 
  edit : i think i can make out `` fue '' and `` vaya '' ( maybe `` vaya glor\u00eda '' ) in the second image , but i 'm really not sure . 
  we only say soccer in a context when it can be confused with gaelic football , otherwise we say football too . 
  im surprised with ireland ; i dont know anyone here who plays league , i didnt even know we had a team . 
  we play them at different times of year anyway , but theyre generally both just football unless you are talking about both in a sentence then it is soccer and football . 
  if you say `` want to play some football '' they probably mean soccer though ; at least here we generally dont just play gaa in the street or whatever , almost always in an organised form . 
  in fairness i am in the , eh , other bit , so to protestants it is always football , no exceptions , so that might carry over . 
  most southerners i know still say `` who do you support in the football '' and it 's clear they mean the spl or premiership or whatever, 
  belfast and derry are the same , and i imagine limerick and cork are too . 
  im guessing it might be more of a city/culchie thing, 
  he could be from somewhere that doesnt play hurling in fairness, 
  you dont have to live with them i 'm guessing . 
  a bunch of melts , like, 
  aye , but im from belfast with culchie parents . 
  are they not a sufi group ? 
  either way , there 's some pretty funny jokes on their wikipedia page iirc . 
  depends on the mood . 
  from the chinese we normally go to , generally honey chilli chicken or beef and black bean sauce, 
  when it stopped being the free state and became the republic . 
  well , they voted for it in 1948 , i do believe it came into effect in january 1949 . 
  ireland is n't in the uk either . 
  banana is actually a herb , or so the qi book that eternally lives in the bathroom says, 
  oh , well there you go . 
  so do strawberries come from a herb too ? 
  i saw an article on el pa\u00eds sayig that the pasdaran ( iranian revolutionary guards iirc ) have declared the kardashians are international spies . 
  the limerick lads may be on to something . 
  i know that , it was just were i thought he got the date from . 
  and lad , declared ourselves a republic in 1916 . 
  ill be having none of this pro treaty 1922 nonsense, 
  it is different in spain , yes ? 
  `` querer '' is for both forms , while `` amar '' is seen as really silly , because it is only used there in telenovelas . 
  at least thats what ive been told . 
  i 'd actually love it , he sure as fuck would n't take so long to score against keepers in our league . 
  you ca n't go on the motorway as soon as you pass , you ca n't drive over 45 till a year after you pass . 
  yep . 
  you 're a restricted driver for a year after passing and have to display r plates , which means you ca n't go over 45 . 
  although quickly looking up the rules seems to say the speed limit does n't apply for `` a2 or a '' motorcycles , whatever that means . 
  yeah 45 mph , not sure what that is in sensible numbers , 60kmh odd ? 
  it 's not that slow , just too slow for motorways . 
  aye he is aware ; none . 
  is it not counted as dangerous driving if you do though ? 
  they have it on their website for the ps4 on the uk website , but not on the irish one . 
  you 'd guess they 'd have the same stock in store for both like . 
  i 'm definitely no expert , but from what i gathered looking through learn_arabic etc. 
  are most books not written in modern standard arabic ? 
  maybe finding some resources for getting better at that would be a start ? 
  try looking up spanish listening exam past papers and practice audio ( gcse/a-level exams etc. ) . 
  they generally speak at a much slower pace and you should be able to understand at least the words they are saying . 
  they tend to have very clear accents as well ( although with a-level they 'll tend to have european spanish accents , pronunciation etc. , not that that should be much of an issue ), 
  depends what the future ma would say to be honest . 
  tempted to get the wasteland . 
  is manaleak a good website to buy from ? 
  trustworthy ? 
  is it not already open ? 
  looked open on saturday , so sounds like it 's too late to stop that one . 
  i voted . 
  surely with more people playing , those `` destroyed '' collections will just start going back up anyway over time . 
  prepare for a summer of norwegian league goals and non-content, 
  what does `` official trophies '' mean , cus just with league titles , scottish cup and league cup , celtic have 96 . 
  and linfield , just from looking at wikipedia honours , have 259 . 
  basically any defenders ? 
  i 'd like to see virgil come back ... 
  why are kharkov relegated but odessa not ? 
  play-offs ? 
  metalurh getting expelled from the league is i 'm guessing what 's causing issues , from a brief look at the table . 
  i think you were pretty spot on when you said it 's `` vague '' , no need to further justify that . 
  depends . 
  now im back on the power metal train . 
  also been listening to lots of kvelertak 's new album lately , great stuff . 
  iirc some of them had had simolar talks with the ussr too . 
  they went to anyone who 'd give support . 
  but north dublin stuff seems to be lads targetting specific people . 
  there isnt really any indiscriminate violence is there ? 
  total alcohol and calorie content do n't sound like stupid ideas to be honest like, 
  i would n't rule out vengeance , everyone knows the gulf cartel are mad panathinaikos fans . 
  tough luck having that happen here , mate . 
  the bengal famine of 1943 is far from the only famine they had a big helping hand with in bengal , never mind the rest of india . 
  i hope they lose every game too . 
  the slabbering i 'll get up here in belfast from my mates if they do better than us ; i just could n't hack it . 
  i do n't know why the juve lad is getting downvoted though . 
  he did n't seem to say anything wrong like ; afaik they would be the first `` not really a country '' to win it , as would scotland , england or wales . 
  ah is this some 6 county reddit bickering ? 
  :p i only go on the freeshtate sub ; better snoos . 
  shane long . 
  the euros is coming home . 
  oh god no . 
  derry city . 
  safety reasons , and geography too a bit i guess , also played a part . 
  plenty , but im from belfast so maybe thats cheating . 
  im pretty sure about 90 % of them go to donegal any weekend it is even remotely sunny . 
  mate , half of ireland fucks off there too, 
  i thought you had a cliftonville flair . 
  funny how you have very similar badges . 
  if you include yerba mate we 're 5/6 . 
  fucking argies just rubbing in the shame of our downfall even more . 
  and out of a fucking dried vegetable too .
