  my anger is more directed towards people like fine gael who still cling on to that `` freestate '' attitude, 
  where in scotland ? 
  although i actually want to leave here :p i recommend glasgow . 
  it 's a great and up and coming city and a lot less up itself than edinburgh . 
  ca n't really recommend it enough from a living point of view although i do n't know about the job market . 
  there is 3 unis here though ( plus uws in paisley but i 'm not sure it counts tbh ) so a research job does n't seem too far fetched . 
  sdlp and uup obviously but they 're utter dogshite . 
  pbp seems to be making great stride forwards and i 'm a much bigger fan of their candidates up here than in the republic . 
  obviously not for a milder end though . 
  ah right like that . 
  alliance or greens i guess . 
  although the sdlp and uup are moving closer and closer together, 
  derry city . 
  still follow how they 're doing . 
  although i guess celtic are foreign already , i 'm from belfast, 
  99 is the ice cream and you know that fine well, 
  im doing a language degree . 
  may as well just end it now by the sound of things . 
  gutted i had to have chosen engineering to be worth something , wish someone said . 
  you forgot some `` ira `` s as well, 
  you put derry city out of the uefa cup and ive never forgiven you . 
  any of you guys a fans of older football shirts ? 
  i do n't have anything real impressive , but i do have 1997 real betis [ home ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/images/g/uwsaaoswzjbx-3gn/s-l300.jpg ) and [ away ] ( http://media.e-subsidesports.com/sites/us/media/images/product/large/realbetishss9798.gif ) and 1992-3 st pauli [ away ] ( https://www.classicfootballshirts.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/small_image/170x150/0dc2d03fe217f8c83829496872af24a0/s/t/st-pauli-92-home-ls_2.jpg ) that i like a lot . 
  looking to get a few more too , but it 's tough finding stuff in my size that 's less than 80 ~ ~, 
  any of you have some cool stuff ? 
  mccann and carrol for first minister or riot, 
  saag aloo , mate . 
  do n't know a good recipe to grab online but i could eat that shit for days . 
  super easy to make as well . 
  basically any indian cuisine works wonders . 
  good luck !, 
  it 's quite popular in holland though is n't it ? 
  that 's beaut tbf like, 
  i get that all the fucking time and we 're not even fucking small . 
  i get the premier league one a lot . 
  there 's no escaping getting asked that shite . 
  gaelic football and hurling , watch a bit of rugby too . 
  quite like darts and boxing as well . 
  i was significantly better at gaelic football although i never had the fitness to keep it up , sadly . 
  i was probably better at rugby too . 
  more confusing tbf, 
  it 's not that hard to follow like . 
  some more complex rules in there but you do n't need to know them watch the game like . 
  quite fun to play although it does attract some right cunts to it like, 
  this a reasonable price https://www.classicfootballshirts.co.uk/1994-ireland-match-issue-world-cup-away-shirt-aldridge-9-v-holland.html :p, 
  it should be yeah . 
  there 's the 1994-96 away kit on the site as well for 65/70 i think . 
  they have a cascarino one too, 
  well i mean if you 're a greenock fan you 're both green and blue . 
  best of both worlds, 
  i guess taking out a loan is your only option now, 
  i was eyeing that one up but it went before i could get it . 
  now it 's way too expensive for me . 
  hoping on moving to den haag in september so hopefully i 'll be able to get to de kuip for a few games next season ( or i 'll go to sparta instead , whatever i can get nice and cheap :p ), 
  shinners in the lead , what 's not to love ? 
  i feel like i should see ado , but with all their problems with far-right groups i 'm hesitant, 
  good to hear then . 
  i could n't stomach being in a stadium with those kind of lads, 
  488 short . 
  pathetic . 
  think you have sf and sdlp confused in that analogy, 
  that 's just english football for you, 
  we 're widely regarded as having one of the best atmospheres in europe , so i 'd say aye . 
  aye that fake letter made up by a rangers fan ? 
  how big is politics in the fixture ? 
  i take it there are n't many communist/far-left fans of ujpest nowadays ? 
  english funnily enough, 
  much more a football man myself but would limerick and maybe offaly not be up there as well ? 
  actual ice tea is nice though , just not when it 's 80 % sugar, 
  it 's a waterford whispers article . 
  op forgot to link it, 
  gladly have no more glasgow derbies if it means the huns cease to exist, 
  `` man city '', 
  had to go out when they scored did n't i, 
  100 % yes . 
  a few bullets in the cunts heads would be even better, 
  in fairness yous have yet to concede in the champions league . 
  that is quite the achievement, 
  got ta pray for the huns big comeback so we do n't get in, 
  stayed up to watch this match and completely forgot about it . 
  looks like i missed a cracker, 
  if its that warm how is the pitch so fucked ? 
  was that right ? 
  did n't look intentional to meand neymar made no attempt to not run into him . 
  maybe it 's still a penalty anyway though , i 'm not too sure, 
  2 fantastic legs these have been, 
  arsenal are so happy they 're no longer biggest fuck ups of the week, 
  these commentators are so shite , especially the yank, 
  go spray paint rayo graffiti on his house . 
  huh . 
  nice to here dynamo dresden is n't as universally right-wing as everyone makes them out to be . 
  mate you 're a fucking header like, 
  cheers mate . 
  have to add it to the list, 
  hang up posters of la pasionaria and durriti too . 
  cover all bases, 
  you 're just making me want to go interrailing now but i do n't have the money :(, 
  ahahahha that 's great like, 
  just as a matter of interest there 's a lovely statue of ib\u00e1rruri in glasgow . 
  spanish lads here always leave flowers etc.
