  not too strong though . 
  did n't even know tartare sauce was mayonnaise like . 
  it 's weird that i just ca n't eat mayo on it 's own , just makes me sick, 
  i 'd have said chelsea are generally more hated than united are , at least from all the premier league fans i know . 
  everyone else hates chelsea . 
  the local coptic community is pissed too . 
  man i thought they stopped being a thing in the 20s . 
  mad they 're still going . 
  not that i know of but i guess it would be the case actually in england like . 
  all the liverpool ones here hate united , but no one else really does . 
  1917 ard fheis i think it changed , but aye . 
  he liked the `` hungarian method '' as i think he called it . 
  ma saw a dead one in donegal when she was young , always went on about how massive it was . 
  id love to see one , they have such a name like, 
  yeah , in glasgow and cant open this . 
  never gotten this message before on the bbc, 
  not seen that colour but they have hamburgs much cheaper than that in belfast . 
  looked at pairs that were like $ 45 euros on sale and like $ 60 normal . 
  edit : in schuh as well , although i think jd were cheaper, 
  if it helps sometimes jds up here have sales on for specific items . 
  saw a class pair of hamburgs that were going for like 15 quid , only issue was the style just does n't quite fit my feet . 
  you have to get lucky with what 's out though, 
  nobody is going to vote for an abstentionist party ? 
  what about the 176,232 who did last time ? 
  sf at westminster , but i clearly did n't read the article properly and see they 're going full rsf abstentionist . 
  celtic 's first home european game sonce ive lived in glasgow for and every celtic fan i know has tickets for it . 
  going to be a lonely night in the bar, 
  dont know , only rea\u00f1lly been in the uni union , but i just got there and it has some society thing in, 
  7-2 we 're going to win now . 
  not as expensive as i thought itd be judging by prices in belfast, 
  cil is church though , no ? 
  so even if it is n't what the word actually means , it would be literally `` little church '' ? 
  no apologies , it does seem to me graveuard actually , just literally it would be small church , not its actually used meaning, 
  a culchie prayer is worth two jackeen prayers . 
  everyone knows that . 
  its communists taking the piss . 
  it used to be the best sub here but i havent been in a while so maybe its changed, 
  he 's talking bollocks, 
  in the article your other lad poster it says some south derry teams played in antrim at the time too . 
  cheers, 
  and more than half of antrims population will more than likely never set foot in a gaa club, 
  what controls do you find tedious about it ? 
  its still probably the total war i play most and i do n't see any issues ( well , control wise anyway ), 
  no later than napoleon , and i guess bronze age would be the earliest . 
  that lad who does the snoo stuff is alright . 
  theyre generally pretty good . 
  i know a few painted lack on the outside in belfast but i mean i wouldnt say ots prevalent, 
  fuck lads . 
  can we go back to being `` white niggers '' again ? 
  i 'd rather the racists stay the fuck away from us then consider us `` one of them '' . 
  fucking scum the lot of those alt-right cunts, 
  i thought it was pretty easy to get a visa to ireland , at least if you have uni qualifications . 
  ive never heard anyone complain about not getting in . 
  is dia ( is muire ) dhuit not the reply ? 
  yeah i blanked on that . 
  thought the last bit was just in general . 
  huh . 
  i definitely remember being told it 's `` dia duit '' and `` dia is muire dhuit '' . 
  maybe it 's an ulster thing or the ones telling us were just wrong . 
  the basques sorted this out , why cant we ? 
  are fiorentina and torino known for having leftist fanbases ? 
  [ with a lot of the properly political clubs it 's a bit obvious ] ( http://beyondthefieldofplay.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/livorno.jpg ), 
  well , i did n't know atalanta was leftist , [ but they have always favoured soviet equipment ] ( http://www.repstatic.it/content/localirep/img/rep-milano/2014/07/23/091932422-93a8ca6a-d115-4669-97f3-c13cc202917b.jpg ), 
  i think they mean uni provided accommodation, 
  it 's hard not to have a soft spot for how fucking mental they are, 
  bucky in scotland is different from freeshtate bucky though . 
  only place ive seen it was in a tiny village near dungiven my da is from . 
  it 's actually pretty nice, 
  aye , you can get those , although everyone says the scottish one is nicer . 
  cant remember the difference , something to do with caffeine content i think . 
  not sure if they are , but the green bottle stuff you get in scotland , belfast and maybe england too is slightly higher in alcohol and has less caffeine than the brown bottle one . 
  they also have different chemicals and flavourings too . 
  also , oddly , the one in the freeshtate is described as `` red wine '' while the scottish one is apparently a `` wine like product '' . 
  so there 's that too . 
  my roommates in uni are fucking shite . 
  they are no craic at all and they 're the messiest cunts i 've ever seen . 
  i came in after a pretty shite night yesterday to find one of the fucking wankers has broke the fucking kettle . 
  cant . 
  no tea means no liquids to piss, 
  ireland isnt the uk, 
  the kitchen is such a fucking mess i refuse to cook in it . 
  the amount of shite fried chicken ive ate in the last two weeks i can sure as hell do that, 
  glasgow, 
  not uni halls , didnt get into them . 
  private ones so i doubt i can move, 
  broke the fucking button to turn it on , and i cant boil water on the hob cus its coated in like 4 layers lf grease and oil, 
  i do n't think it will . 
  i had to explain what a kettle was to one of them . 
  i think me and the english girl were the only ones that used it . 
  they must have broke just for the fucking sake of it, 
  glass her ? 
  them islands there, 
  good thing i 'm not a brit, 
  ca n't say i read this in a mexican accent before seeing yours . 
  there 's also an irish version played on a road , but i 'm not sure its really played anymore . 
  that one lithuanian fan i saw on buchanan street earloer is going to be while disappointed, 
  nice goal though from scotland, 
  lad , come on , we cant be slabbering the scots , especially when theyre the slabbering the english . 
  theyre our best friends . 
  im not confident for this match .
