  fuck knows what that creepy thing is ) . 
  spanish news websites . 
  i try and read them , helps with learning the language . 
  nah , i 'm too commie for the us , if i had to go anywhere in south america i 'd go ecuador or uruguay ( or cuba if i could get in ) . 
  spain has always been more appealing to me though . 
  i want to live in one of those countries when i get qualifications like . 
  well i can like but i do n't know how easy it would be to find a job there without being cuban . 
  i have looked into it very much to be fair , but all the foreigners i 've heard of there seem to work in tourism . 
  i know i can get free education there if i speak fluent spanish, 
  dominicans and puerto ricans do in fairness , they both speak at approximately 243km/h but cubans to me sound a good bit different , a lot slower . 
  it almost sounds portuguesey to me . 
  yeah i could n't deal with staying on a resort . 
  you may as well just stay were you from and stick the heater on . 
  and if he drew the lands it looked like he would have won . 
  if your metal is burn heavy you could maybe cut them for a heavier white splash with loam lions and firewalkers . 
  not sure how successful that would be but it 's an idea, 
  i looked up that tyrone mears lad and his wikipedia says `` from oldham in the north of england , mears once played for the jamaica national football team despite not being eligible to do so . '', 
  sounds like a header . 
  has he ever really been in one before ? 
  their reasoning for banning pod was that it limited what creatures they could make for future sets . 
  it 's not just on power level alone though . 
  it 's hardly like pod completely dominated modern , it was banned for more on how it restricted design than its actual power level . 
  when they on average do n't even fill half their stadium , it does n't sound like there 'd be enough supporters of espanyol in the city anyway . 
  want to see some flegs mate ? 
  come to belfast . 
  every manowar lyric is awkward and amazing . 
  i think he made the point earlier that it 's probably less dependent on batches from guinness and probably more dependent on how distributors store it . 
  if you 're arguing cyprus is n't europe then neither is ireland , scotland , wales or england . 
  a fucking parma violet with a big red hand of ulster in it . 
  christ could ye imagine it ; fucking heaven . 
  i 've only ever seen one up here in belfast but you 'd assume they have a few . 
  burton can go fuck herself . 
  the fuck does she know about anything , the dour bitch could n't tell her snobby fucking arse from her elbow . 
  `` vote sinn f\u00e9in , get the army council '' aye fuck off you cunt . 
  blame shit she knows fuck all about on the shinners and everything will be alright ; typical right-wing bullshit from the so called fucking labour party . 
  just another fucking fine gael that wears red . 
  `` come on you gers '', 
  it pained me to write that . 
  make an effort to get back the north , do n't let us continue to fall victim to english conservatives , but i guess fine gael loves britain too much to see their efforts of enforcing partition go to waste . 
  is the whole dark hair ginger beard not something everyone gets ? 
  i did n't know this was an irish thing . 
  arabian . 
  the uup keep going on about how they are going to dublin to hold their own service . 
  i 'm scared about what they are going to do . 
  is this legal ? 
  \u00c9ire is a perfectly acceptable term for the country . 
  serbia and montenegro did retain it did it not though ? 
  and then serbia after their split ? 
  they 're definitely the legal successors in the eyes of fifa but maybe that 's not the best source, 
  hang the bastard from a fucking lamp post, 
  cunt, 
  more dwarves . 
  looking through some of the cards i do like the art on some of the male light ( i think that 's the faction name ) characters , but the art of 99 % of the female characters i saw is just too ridiculous too ever make me want to play that game . 
  our defence now would n't make it on my local u14 girls team . 
  boyata , ambrose and that fucking united reject . 
  i 'd rather have a banana peel in the back , at least then the opposition could slip on them . 
  he 'd be waving a union jack and marching on the twelfth . 
  collins was nothing but a fucking brit . 
  i hope all of our french comrades are ok . 
  stay strong , paris . 
  the lack of allowing fadas is why i just kept my anglicised name on the cards . 
  good - breakfast . 
  infrastructure - bad . 
  radical change - yes , we need a communist revolution . 
  he fought for the brits to keep a fifth of ireland under occupation . 
  one useless fuck replaces another useless fuck , who cares . 
  the sdlp have n't been a decent party since hume stepped down . 
  and see a country that is n't nor ever has been communist ? 
  deny what ? 
  that ch\u00e1vez was n't a communist nor is maduro ? 
  socialists ? 
  yes . 
  communists ? 
  prove my point that he is n't a communist ? 
  do i also need to prove enda is n't a commie ? 
  i 've never lived in england , how to i prove that cameron is n't a communist too ? 
  go on lads . 
  hope you fucking rock it . 
  awesome , i need to go get it myself !, 
  no problem man !, 
  we 're i 'm from `` to slag/sleg '' someone is to take the piss out of them . 
  causes a lot of confusion with the english, 
  ireland is n't in the british isles, 
  [ oh well , guess all irish politicians are retards then !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ), 
  it was actually the afghani communist government who brought the only good period in the countries recent history . 
  the soviets came to assist the government fight against the american-backed mujahideen . 
  it was in fucking ballymeena , what do you expect ? 
  i think i 'd rather be in syria than have to live in that fecking hole with that bloody accent . 
  despite being a dirty fucking shithole , belfast is actually quite nice . 
  as long as they stay out of properly loyalist areas ( pretty much all of east belfast , shankill , sandy row , rathcoole , suffolk , tiger 's bay , them ones ) they 'll be 100 % fine . 
  is their seriously no gp in russia ? 
  there was nice light breeze to sooth me to sleep . 
  i 've never been to any of these places . 
  i really need to get to the marble arch caves next time i 'm in fermanagh . 
  do n't forget big paul mcgrath and our goalie on monday darren randolph . 
  under $ 200 you could make a cheap mono-red burn build , which you can easily get to a tier-1 build over the next few months . 
  it is a very good deck . 
  the only probably is that recently goblin guide jumped up a bit in price , but outside of them and fetchlands the deck is pretty cheap , and you can just run a mono-red build till you get them . 
  hardline aaa/pbp , probably not that far off , although i 'd be more inclined to vote sinn f\u00e9in or one of the crazy offshoots ( republican sinn f\u00e9in always used to send us nice letters even though they did n't run a candidate within like 100km of us ) .
