  i think i see a reactionary sneaking in on the bottom right !, 
  i really did n't like the last season . 
  the neo-nazis were shit . 
  season 3 was n't great either , but i loved seasons 1,2 and 4 . 
  in diario p\u00fablico on the polls they put leftist parties on the right . 
  why the questions asking to give specific answers ? 
  there seems to be a lot less people i recognise ( from my very short time here ) posting now . 
  as others have said it 's all trolls and / r/european fucks . 
  honestly ca n't think of any in carryduff , down but there 's bound to be like . 
  few years ago . 
  i still say `` and also with you '' cus i 'm a forgetful fuck though . 
  a left-wing fascist ? 
  well i 'm a stalinistic-trotskyist myself . 
  glentoran or linfield but i 'd rather stop watching football than go to one of their games . 
  christ that 's depressing . 
  in-fighting and bitching , followed by a highly anticipated movie that turns out to be shit . 
  mild verging on warm . 
  it 's been a hectic few days in belfast . 
  that shirt would probably be pretty nice as well if it just stuck to one of the colours . 
  izquierda unida ( the group the communists are part of ) is down 9 seats because of these reformists . 
  it 's a sad time , comrades . 
  well that settles it lads . 
  cus some people like getting upset over stupid shit . 
  i love my basics to be white bordered . 
  now i 'm panicky . 
  i do n't have any info saved on there money wise , but still . 
  we never watch anything , we always just watch a movie someone got . 
  the man from uncle is quality , lads . 
  2 chains of mephistopheles are about $ 800 , so i do n't think it 's near in budget . 
  so not in budget with a budget list ? 
  [ well if you look at mtggoldfish every nic fit deck is over budget , and only one has chains ] ( http://www.mtggoldfish.com/archetype/legacy-nic-fit-22623#paper ), 
  feyenoord sing it as well . 
  old firm live , el `` supercl\u00e1sico '' , sevilla derby . 
  a bunch more too but those are the tree that jump out . 
  maybe panathinaikos and olympiakos too . 
  keano i 'd say , but barry would easily be above mcgregor . 
  well i 've seen nothing about this but i 'm assuming it has something to do with d\u00eda de los inocentes . 
  i imagine he was fucking amazing ( yeah , no shit ) but you 'll be hard pressed to find someone here who actually watched him at the time . 
  my da still maintains best , maradona , pele as his order . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_panel_ ( irish_tv_series ), 
  you 're thinking of a different show ? 
  yes . 
  you 're on about do n't feed the gondolas , everyone else there is on about the panel . 
  calling the ira terrorists where im from is definatrly a controversial opinion . 
  and to many they defended the rights of catholics and fought to end british imperialism . 
  there is no doubt that later groups claiming to be tje ra are terrorists , but id be a lot more hesitant to call the provos such . 
  how can haughey be so low . 
  yes yes yes , he was a treacherous , corrupt fucker who did little good for the country , but he pissed off thatcher so so so so so much . 
  he was a lad like . 
  i 'm a commie and even i can get behind fianna f\u00e1il on this lad . 
  he pissed off thatcher , lads !, 
  that 's the dream !, 
  if you took away our legal explosives we 'd all go out and attack the brits . 
  by keeping them legal the english can at least count on loyalists . 
  whenever i say `` whatever ye want '' he just does short back and sides . 
  dont know , all i know is he gave us nordies free stuff and thats all we love . 
  we got, 
  toys, 
  fucking terrified there might be a swan outside my window now . 
  i fecking hate swans . 
  samaras ( < 3 < 3 < 3 < 3 ), 
  i always here socrates being described as not very athletic but brilliant . 
  i think he might just have been a wee tiny bit better than samaras as well . 
  cheaper than pints at most decent pubs where i live , and that 's belfast , renowned for being a cheap shithole . 
  i think we say its a cheap city cus we compare it to dublin . 
  where does the ra come into this ? 
  so you are saying almost every irishman youve ever met is an ardent ira supporter ? 
  was this `` brown man '' raised in ireland ? 
  he said in another answer that most people calling him english also support the ra and says in his main post most irish he has encountered have not considered him irish, 
  i have it installed but never played it . 
  i would play with ye but for once i 'm actually going out . 
  sorry , man . 
  potatoes on boxing day were class . 
  not being fat . 
  agh , in belfast everyone is man . 
  happy new year lads, 
  the taxi driver called me a boring bastard so its off to a good start !, 
  this time next year me and all my mates will be in different countries and i wont spend all day in an environment im used to . 
  its really fucking scarey . 
  we 'll miss you . 
  i dont know . 
  im from a republican family which helps , although almost everyone in my family are diehard united fans . 
  liking green and white as a colour combination helps too . 
  belfast and cork are big . 
  well as someone from belfast , i can tell you it is definitely irish . 
  and how is that not big , especially in terms of ireland , where newry , armagh , kilkenny are all cities . 
  well i guess my living my entire life in belfast as an irishman with an irish passport has been a lie then aye along with all these other irish people ? 
  i 'm a moron cus some fuck has decided i 'm not irish because british soldiers sit where they should n't be ? 
  how am i trolling anyone ? 
  you seem to have decided i and the city i live in are n't irish . 
  fuck if i know why . 
  internet speeds between lifford and strabane are still far more comparable than between strabane and hartlepool though . 
  belfast being in ireland is most definately relevant . 
  i can never spell that word right . 
  not being british must make my use of their language somewhat sub par . 
  craig gordon . 
  he seems like a nice lad but that inter match . 
  i love ours ( and basically all green and white kits ) . 
  i really like the feyenoord home kit too . 
  cheers man .
