  go have a look at grimsby as well . 
  it wasnt poles or indians who shut down their fucking fishing fleets was it . 
  fuck off back to some yank politics sub , no one wants your right-wing drivel being spread here, 
  that 's not necessarily what ultras do though . 
  look at the green brigade , not involved in any traditional hooliganism anymore and have been instrumental in rebuilding our atmosphere, 
  saying he is n't european just hurt his feelings, 
  ive seen them on random signs in belfast as well . 
  the germans get about like, 
  they were the shit like . 
  they still make them ? 
  maybe not mate, 
  what a horrible fucking sub . 
  christ, 
  it just comes across as a bunch of people being racist for no reason . 
  though i dont see where the other guy is coming from about it being racist towards whites, 
  surely it 's helping out in murphy 's for the people 's republic, 
  me and my ma nearly got smacked so many times in the hague before we figured this out . 
  was a big ( and great tbh ) difference from home, 
  from the troubles . 
  supposedly of a provo but i 've heard a lot of people say it was staged . 
  comrade kanye 2020 is what i look forward to . 
  exactly . 
  every game celtic plays in europe i 'll make time to watch it , ditch anything else . 
  but madrid vs. barca ? 
  meh , i 'll watch it maybe if i have the chance, 
  these guys the splc talk about are n't anything like the national liberation ideas of malcolm x etc. 
  these guys are basically just black kkk with some weird ` this guy is the prophet muhammed / everyone in history was a black jew ' shit thrown in, 
  horseshoe theory has been debunked time and time again . 
  it 's a nonsense theory . 
  nope , were . 
  this is when english decides it wants to have a subjunctive . 
  use it up in belfast as well mate, 
  what social issues are you saying the shinners are conservative on ? 
  too much for the dublin docklands authority anyway, 
  mate ? 
  come on like, 
  i 'm really thinking about dropping out of uni now like and reapplying to go to holland . 
  it 's where i wanted to go in the first place but could n't get a house there cus i 'm a silly bastard . 
  still have a month and a bit to do my application like . 
  honestly stuck about this . 
  the dutch seem like great craic as well . 
  anyone think it would be a stupid/decent idea ? 
  my issue though is that does it make this year just a waste anol as well as the debt . 
  wish i had someone tthat is n't family anol to go through this with like, 
  yer other lad at the top of buchanan street has a cone now as well . 
  make it 2, 
  think that 's the guys name aye, 
  that is true like . 
  no harm throwing in another application anyway like i guess, 
  cheers like, 
  nah , different courses . 
  not that that 's the big worry anyway , moer why did i spend a year here and spend money in the first place if ye get me, 
  there 's been a sign up in a deli round the corner from us in glasgow looking for a full time cheese specialist . 
  give it a go mate . 
  world cup next year . 
  i 'm hyped even if it is in that shitehole . 
  ireland might get there . 
  edit : got my world cups mixed up . 
  russia 's going to be class craic, 
  still time to apply to plenty of places in europe mate , assuming graduate school is what i think it is . 
  assuming yer still back in belfast being drunk at 4pm is not at all weird, 
  did n't know the webbed-feet got in the way of some early afternoon drinking, 
  i 'm a hair faced white irishman if it helps, 
  i 've not been there but on the inside i always thought it looked class . 
  always picked it on pro evo, 
  aye and i 'm only here like 6 months . 
  yeah ? 
  i know the uni id applied to last year ( leiden ) guarantees hosuing for foreign students , i 'd just fucked up my application . 
  the duwo thing i looked at though was a bit of a melt, 
  i count at least 10 tbf, 
  we 've been getting it from the yanks for years mate . 
  ye get used to it, 
  mate we 're just trying to get the coefficient up so yous can get in . 
  honest, 
  you really just need to get a few friends to play it with and completely ignore the community at large, 
  pls, 
  stone island is pretty linked with casual/ultra culture in general , not just hun ones, 
  not start out with hibs no ? 
  at least they were one of the big ones anyway, 
  thompson 's is the only one worth drinking . 
  the rest is pish, 
  nah mate we 're great craic, 
  i know quite a few like but they 're all from up round the north west, 
  i 'm not into the shitting on your face kind of stuff , but ill make ye a pot of tea if you want, 
  really depends on where you 're living i 'd guess mate , but from everything i 've read 21k does n't sound like enough if you need to go get yerself accommodation as well like, 
  a sure we just have to tell the shinners to go out and vote for a bunch of hypothetical parties they have no faith or belief in cus maybe then west brit pricks will go and stop voting ff and fg . 
  sound, 
  tuv to run in roscommon next election , calling it now, 
  [ try a proper pastie , mate ] ( http://live-less-ordinary.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/pastie-supper.jpg ), 
  they 're not even remotely similar tbf . 
  this is like mashed potato and sausage meat that 's deep fat fried . 
  they seem proper impractical to eat, 
  cad \u00e9 mar ata t\u00fa might be more useful for a nordie than conas at\u00e1 t\u00fa . 
  do n't forget sl\u00e1inte as well . 
  well i mean voting someone from the party of o'duffy is a big step back to be fair, 
  why are you even asking man . 
  i 'd snap at the chance to learn uzbek at uni . 
  this really is a pretty unique situation that i 'd definitely take . 
  there 'll be plenty of opportunities to learn japanese mate , ones for uzbek do n't come up often, 
  it 's very rare to have an out and out hatred , that would n't make much sense .
