  i 'll look to see if i still have one . 
  edit : nah i ca n't find one . 
  if i ever do get a hold of it i 'll post an image . 
  japan was sunni as well , that was another one . 
  map was ridiculous . 
  debt to the deathless, 
  the ones i know are far too up their own hole , but that 's just probably the ones i know . 
  my hatred for neymar overcomes the memories ( and inter becoming my new team to hate in italy ) . 
  to be fair to him i though a lot of what he said was more or less right, 
  she 's an edh favourite and is seeing play in one of the best decks in modern . 
  i remember being told that near the beginning ( or maybe before ) of the gaa the top hurling counties were antrim , derry , donegal and kerry . 
  not sure how right that is , but i always found it interesting . 
  it is fun to laugh at the antrim boys that london has won it more than them though . 
  i picked up a pack of blacks at fnm yesterday and i love them . 
  shuffle great and i 've had no issues . 
  even double sleeving was n't that bad . 
  if i 'm not mistaken it is also jeff simpson , not simpsom , in addition to the other points noted . 
  yes , it 's more expensive , but the cards do n't rotate so that deck is going to last a lot longer than all the standard decks you 'll have to buy . 
  it has a higher upfront cost , but it should work out cheaper compared to buying a bunch of top tier standard decks every year . 
  the deck is n't super good . 
  it 's good , it can win stuff as you can see from the recent scg invitational , but it 's probably not tier 1 . 
  you are n't going to get anything controlling at that price . 
  the best deck you can get for anything close to that is burn , which set me back 250-300 . 
  i do n't think there are any . 
  a cheap burn deck . 
  at least , yeah . 
  but bare in mind it 'll last you longer than your standard decks . 
  you should do . 
  you might need the odd upgrade as new sets come out , but decks , especially something like burn , will pretty much always be contenders in modern . 
  probably . 
  jund has always been at least playable . 
  for the last year or so it was probably the worse bgx deck in comparison to abzan , especially since the rhino , but now it looks to be a lot better . 
  certain archetypes will probably always have a place like the bgx decks , twin , burn , and probably big tron decks too . 
  or twin combos it , or burns it out on turn 4 , or it just fails to find threats . 
  if it was tier 1 it would have won a lot more than it has . 
  if they 're going in a deck you know you 're always going to play , they do n't seem like a waste of money . 
  personally i 'd try to get them altered to have the abu style spiral colours in the text box to go with the white border . 
  that would be awesome . 
  my goal in life is to become a local party representative for the ccp and work my way to the top . 
  i 'll bring back fullcommunism to china . 
  well it really isnt . 
  it goes on to talk about parnell and the likes . 
  it is more anti english , so racist if anythint . 
  granted it is a song meant to have been sung to dublin loyalists , so it isnt entirealy un sectarian, 
  nah man , the capital of angola is . 
  it 's like $ 40 for a fecking sandwich . 
  the average rent in the city centre of luanda is $ 3125 a month , that sounds more expensive than london but im not sure . 
  the list i saw actually said it is the most expensive city for expats ( whatever that means ) . 
  i wonder if that was our resident ancap from the pi forum . 
  they do n't want to stay in france , they want to go to britain who wo n't let them in . 
  somewhere between 2 and 45 should be some amount of bunkers . 
  i 'd definitely cut the 2 overwhelms , probably for 2 swamps . 
  eh did n't even notice those . 
  you should probably just be playing two more shaman of the packs and winning of being an elf deck before on on turn 5 , than playing the dictate . 
  it isnt really ancient german land though . 
  much of it was slavic before being replaced by germans from the 11/12th century on, 
  agh but you have to tolerate them cus they keep our fucking country afloat with their glorious tourist money . 
  are bulmers and magners not the same thing ? 
  just wondering why they have both on the sign . 
  every way but breakfast . 
  due to some weird laws we had they used to be legal to own as pets here until like 10 years ago . 
  they could have just been browsing what cards have went up on mtgstocks in fairness . 
  i do that quite a lot without ever actually buying anything . 
  i thought they were referring to the mount merrion in belfast and was getting more confused . 
  george best has to be a fair shout, 
  four winds is the place to be in south belfast . 
  if op comes we might even be able to start the four winds hoods again . 
  well to me newtownbreda is a shithole , but that might just be my bias from being from basically across the saintfield road . 
  it is pretty nice out here though ( unless you want primary school education , then yer fecked . ), 
  and ye can barely get in to the catholic ones cus theyre ridiculously over subscribed . 
  but yeah , whatever bad we have , we 're still better than belvoir . 
  mate , forestside is the place to be , dont start with this tescos nonsense . 
  but yeah , overall a nice area, 
  my ma always gave us flat coke instead . 
  guess us nordies are just weird . 
  well , me ma is from fermanagh , and i know themuns are definitely weird , maybe its that then . 
  well then . 
  my ma says she 's not suprised it 's him . 
  she knew right away too who it was going to be . 
  shitloads of the country areas do n't seem to come up on a lot of those maps . 
  i know i ca n't find my granny 's village on google earth . 
  ravnica , always ravnica . 
  it is just by far my favourite . 
  if you choose independent do ye have to be ff or green ? 
  if so i 'll go sinn f\u00e9in , if not indo . 
  cheers , man, 
  i 'm a communist ( but the lack of any actual left-wing in any part of ireland means i support sf irl ) . 
  i 'm here to turn ireland red . 
  none, 
  student, 
  it might be a bit of craic sure, 
  maybe , who knows, 
  communism, 
  generally just left of stalin in the ( few ) ones i 've taken . 
  ( edit1 : i just got economic left/right : -9.88 social libertarian/authoritarian : -5.44 in doing that test someone linked there . 
  this is new , normally it would be +5.5 ish authoritarian . 
  edit2 : ah right , looking through that website the quiz is just shite ), 
  no one . 
  socialists are wankers up here , so may as well vote sf as they 're at least republican, 
  supposedly ?
