  he made a relatively boring deck very interesting to watch . 
  i guess we all have our own preferences . 
  i found the abzan mirror to be very interesting , as were the burn matchs . 
  we already have our own group . 
  we do n't need another . 
  yeah , i watched all the modern bar the last round . 
  for me the best match was lee shi tian 's quarter-final . 
  awesome to hear !, 
  hopefully if this is successful it can expand to more countries ( ireland please !, 
  yeah so do i. 
  maybe getting to go to that one ptq a year really is n't that exciting when you are in to playing the game at more than just fnm level . 
  something like this , i feel , was very much needed . 
  yes . 
  but this is a 0 mana artifact . 
  it 's bad , but it 's kind of useful for turning on mox opal etc. 
  yeah , there 's one that regens artifacts , ca n't remember its name though . 
  that 's the one . 
  cheers for the link , man . 
  white knights is a new deck to see for me . 
  great stream lads . 
  i 'll be watching next week for sure . 
  most places i 've used from the uk seem to just use the us prices with a # stuck before it . 
  you can always go play magic at an lgs too . 
  i ( and most people here ) say it more like `` air-ah '', 
  hey , communists can have hobbies too . 
  it 's this logic i 've been basic my last two years playing magic off . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  cheers for showing us !, 
  king 's and queen 's county ? 
  really ? 
  it was that beyond you just to write offaly and laois ? 
  what do you mean `` greater ulster '' ? 
  it 's 9 counties and nothing else . 
  when it comes to regional assemblies , certain portions of the ira in the 1980s and some ( very small ) republican parties to this day are in support of \u00c9ire nua , which calls for just that , with 4 regional parliaments and a central government in athlone . 
  i was just above you ( well , near the top of the top tier ) . 
  i still do n't get the smoke they do at the start of the game . 
  it just makes the match harder to see for the first 5/10 minutes . 
  it really depends on the crusade . 
  the first , while still some of this , was also genuinely answering the call of byzantium . 
  and the fourth crusade was just a massive venetian-lead cluster fuck of the balkans . 
  i think we would still have potential , especially if we can keep some other players on , like getting another loan for denayer . 
  it 's got healing salve , that 's almost as good , right ? 
  right ? 
  i was in bewley 's on grafton street and saw the sdlp boy representing us . 
  we said hello and he ignored us and walked away . 
  i 'm a shinner now . 
  from this point you could make modern into legacy and this into modern , so to speak . 
  if they ca n't get rid of the reserved list , just make it so that all supplemental sets add into current modern and proceed from the m15 frame as the `` new modern '' , i.e standard sets only . 
  i doubt they 'd ever do this , but it 's a thought . 
  we are completely different from the english . 
  those bastards ca n't make a proper fry to save their lives . 
  we are nothing alike . 
  if it does n't have soda and potato bread , it 's just shitty grease with some bacon . 
  i just do n't understand while the folks in dublin have n't started using it as well . 
  it 's 50/50 with that one . 
  they refused to hire any catholics into a position of authority . 
  theh were an insanely sectarian company until the late 1960s, 
  they also refused to hire non-protestants into a management position until the late 1960s . 
  this is a game i 've wanted to play for a long time , sadly there 's not a big enough community here ( if any ) to play it . 
  it clearly needs to have the more boring mechanics if it is to survive as a game , sad as it is . 
  it just ca n't survive without new players , which just appear to not be coming . 
  gordon needs to fucking get his head in this . 
  three atrocious fucking goals . 
  marry me , guidetti . 
  i dont care if fat irishmen arent yer type , im down on one knee . 
  derry does aswell . 
  if i ever get a good job and a lot of money , it 's the legacy deck i 'm making . 
  or just wait for reprints ( and get myself slightly less money ) . 
  from my experience it 's more just teams in london ( and fucking rangers ), 
  you say police , but he was ruc , so more of a sectarian cunt with a uniform . 
  you get young people up here ( belfast ) writing ` anol ' , it 's annoying , but does n't have the consequence of funny fuck ups like that . 
  fuck , i thought the match was at 7:30 . 
  bollocks . 
  i do n't even know . 
  i just had that time in me head . 
  ca n't watch it anymore ( a problem on my end ) but that was a great quality stream . 
  cheers man !, 
  of all the bad minis here i like the old nagash the best . 
  there is something endearingly bad about him , unlike all the other , just plain bad stuff . 
  standard mono green, 
  draw, 
  forest, 
  eidolon of blossoms . 
  not if the ref wins it for you again . 
  r.i.p :(, 
  [ there is no need to be upset ] ( http://i.imgur.com/poj8avr.jpg ), 
  i know they 're very different , but i 've always loved the look of tokyo ( or most big japanese and chinese cities , something about the sheer size of them ) , and when i visited granada it was just spectacular . 
  whereabouts , it 's a big place ( kind of , not really ) . 
  not just belfast , all over here . 
  come to ireland . 
  just came back from derry over the glenshane to belfast . 
  it is blowly as fuck everywhere . 
  auntie gaybo better not have been one of them . 
  howl 's moving castle one and gift of orzhova are the same art ( gift ) . 
  for . 
  anything that pisses off the dup is a-ok . 
  an absolute shit ton of palestinian , hamas , fatah , hezbollah et . 
  flags in many republican areas of belfast and derry . 
  when i was 10 we learned about fucking frogs and trees and shit . 
  this is a bit grim for 10 year olds , never mind the absolute bollocks it 's teaching them .
