  i have learned that my work ethic is none existant, 
  hopefully he wont get a chance to be, 
  ill accept nothing less than 0-7 now that guardiola 's been found out . 
  wasnt exactly sure whether they were all the same sort of thing . 
  portugal ? 
  bouncing . 
  home from uni yesterday , out at the pub for a few last night ; class stuff . 
  actually got some decent clothes today for cheap which was class , i actually might appear nice now at christmas . 
  just had a big bowl of ma 's veggie soup and that 's just made the day fucking perfect so far . 
  i 'm so happy to be home . 
  belfast is actually class . 
  is at a thing ? 
  we normally stick it all in at once, 
  irish . 
  that is 100 % back bacon . 
  no they are n't . 
  sold out almost instantly . 
  super cheap way to get fucked . 
  i 'm from belfast and for me `` scone '' rhymes with `` ran '', 
  aye same , for us scone like cone sounds like a posh english way, 
  see elevenses does n't sound posh to me but maybe that 's cus i only really know it from lord of the rings, 
  we normally do a small christmas day ( just me ma , da and brothers , think all cousins do the same ) . 
  for us the big day to see everyone is boxing day . 
  aye it is sexy like, 
  gave him some water and slowly got him to a mates house to look after him . 
  he still had some on him so i took those and got rid of them . 
  swear to fuck my mate needs slapped some time, 
  he wont be grand though and all these wee lads who 've died here taking it over the last year are proof . 
  nope , no clue what that even is, 
  well one guy just died in the student union here in belfast the other week taking es, 
  im not worried about him so much right now , he 's a fucking idiot but now hes grand and its not the night he 'll hospitalise himself . 
  its drugs in general fuck me off massively and the attitude people have towards them . 
  none of this shite is safe in the slightest and the shite all over the news here shows that . 
  nothing the uvf are making in a garage in ballybeen is safe to put inside ye and the scumbags selling it need done, 
  thats the lad just the other week and theres piles more , never mind the people i know of whove died whose families dont want it near the news . 
  theres proper dodgy shit going round especially here and the people selling it know full well . 
  you post an article showing someone dying taking them and its sensationalist bollocks with an agenda against drugs . 
  this shite happend all the time here , it isnt made up like, 
  my mate 's da is a bosnian-croat and calls himself yugoslav , although i think he may be an oddity, 
  like scawn or scahn id say . 
  thats how id say most here would say it , but my parents are both culchies so maybe they effect how i say things a bit . 
  im from out towards carryduff, 
  literally all the dup had to do was say dublin wants to enforce a `` s-cone '' agenda and they 'd get us taigs ' vote, 
  you know if they have irish whiskey ? 
  having trouble finding bushmills of all things, 
  agh that 's an expensive bottle of black bush . 
  think i might give that a miss, 
  here now , specifying that second bit sounds dangerously close to saying we arent irish, 
  a linfield fan wouldnt know competitiveness if it smacked them in the face . 
  the ifa does everything in their power to keep them on top . 
  and the best thing is they still manage to fuck up doing that, 
  this sub has a fantastic taste in biscuit . 
  probably a bourbon for me , although ginger nuts are class . 
  cream crackers would be it but i do n't think they 're really a biscuit, 
  the un flag is an odd one to go with it as well, 
  there 's obviously a couple of famous ones but i 've yet to meet a donncha in real life . 
  i know a lad called fiachra as well , that 's an odd one . 
  lots of those lads have degrees , they just cant get jobs here with them . 
  i 've met fuckloads of lads running kebab shops and the likes with engineering degrees , just no one would ever hire them here . 
  im no a rum drinker but that kraken stuff is great . 
  more or less the same price too , at least where i am, 
  the way yer gf does . 
  it 's not the nicest way , but it is easier . 
  fuck loads of incidents every day but it 's mostly punishment beatings/kneecappings but those are n't really thought of as traditional terrorism . 
  found some in my cupboard but it says it was out of date in november . 
  still safe lads ? 
  just had the soup there . 
  fuckin best part of christmas dinner like . 
  it 's looking good this year, 
  yeah but i 'd say using the word `` tongue '' to mean language in english is slightly more formal/poetic, 
  there 's no problem teaching religion , just dont teach from the perspective of one religion, 
  here dungannon has a nice cafe . 
  its sognificantly better than the rest of those . 
  newtownards . 
  not sure there is any other reasonable option ; ballymena maybe, 
  i havent been to a game in donkeys in ireland as well but tjats mostly cus fuck the bus to derry, 
  i wonder if they 'll let us bring a toothbrush when they fucking intern us this time, 
  watching the old firm and getting drunk . 
  specifics will be figured out on the day, 
  * intimidantes , although i think amenazantes would be better, 
  nahin cus it doesnt exist . 
  only reason ulster scots was made into a thing was so that the dup could have something to shout about whenever irish language education ia brought up, 
  i wasnt talking about yola . 
  the irish language debate up her very much does include their version of scots, 
  moussa is the love of my life, 
  that happens and yous still wont get near the top, 
  thats what they use to make the walls now in the shit pen . 
  cant even afford bricks, 
  i can see him staying to at least next christmas . 
  seems to be loving life here . 
  i definitely dont see him leaving without lifting the league trophy, 
  four years, 
  dont know if its just the channel im watchin but it sounds like our lads have been outsinging the entire match . 
  fucking beaut rendition of grace there, 
  ive heard people say it cus they have more fans ( or maybe more that more people hate celtic ) in scotland . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  ive been thinking of picking it up, 
  is it similar to ccgs like magic or no ? 
  quick web searches had differing opinions . 
  i like the art style though ( from what ive seen ) and that 's defo a big draw,
