  you just ca n't come out of watching that without feeling a bit better about everything . 
  that 's actually a pretty decent idea . 
  cheers man !, 
  we do , but it isnt the same as america . 
  people who arent related to the players dont go and watch it . 
  there are very strong linguistic connections ( galician being closer to portuguese than spanish ) , and some debate among linguists whether or not galician is actually just a dialect of portuguese . 
  so there are some that argue the very strong language connection between the two , but i 've never seen any galician nationalists argue union with portugal , just independence for galicia, 
  marseille ? 
  but so many fuckers here are wearing them now that want to be mcgregor , at least in belfast . 
  aye fuck is it the 80s up here , lad . 
  we 've easily reached 1993 by now like . 
  fuck , we just had the commitments on utv the other day sure . 
  the minotaur ( or human ? ), 
  from theros block that does something similar with devotion ? 
  it 's like 25 % below average wage or something ai n't it ? 
  or just quickly checking wiki it 's below 60 % the average . 
  and so does dublin . 
  you 'd have to guess that at least some number of that 750,000 are n't really poor , they just live in a very cheap area . 
  im planning on going to uni this year as well in the hague too from belfast ( although as a first year not erasmus ) . 
  if you ever find somewhere to watch the gaa make sure to post it !, 
  good luck finding accommodation !, 
  mozambique too . 
  one of portugal 's natiomal heroes ( eusebio ) was born there . 
  id love to see how they differ too , portuguese is definitely a language im interested in learning . 
  i think i remember reading about him . 
  big giant scary fucker who owns a kebab shop ? 
  if it did n't have the dafabet it would n't be that bad . 
  i actually quite like last years . 
  i 'd love the old green/black stripe away kit back though . 
  it 's cool to see to be fair like . 
  makes my soft spot for besiktas even bigger ( well that and me liking yous annoys my fener supporting mate ) . 
  when i get to istanbul , seeing a besiktas match is going to be a must do . 
  i would n't be shocked if they did have connections , they seem prety similar . 
  i 'll make sure to , man . 
  here 's to \u015eampiyon 2017 as well . 
  this stuff 's great man . 
  cheers for the links !, 
  im not sure there is any other way to say who has the most if you dont use something like official members , even if it isnt exactly a useful representation of support, 
  do people not generally say achilles , c\u00fa etc. 
  all share a common proto-indo european ancestor ? 
  there 's meant to be a persian myth that is particularly close to the story of c\u00fa chulainn iirc, 
  moving to dutchland seems more like the realistic scenario for uni . 
  any dutch here know what 'd get me a better experience for watching football next year ? 
  ado or sparta ? 
  ( i imagine feyenoord is too expensive ) . 
  i 'd be living in den haag . 
  whereabouts are ye living ? 
  i kind of guessed ireland mate . 
  do you have any experience ? 
  if you do n't you ca n't seem to get sweet fuck all , at least here in belfast . 
  i ca n't even manage to get a job in a fucking newsagents without at least a years experience . 
  fucking mad like . 
  if you feel like you should be seeing a professional , you probably should . 
  ca n't hurt to get a second opinion . 
  there 's not much more you can do about not having any money but handing in your cv anywhere and everywhere like , but i mean if you say you just ca n't do that then seeing a professional about it seems like the only option like . 
  unless one of yer mates wants to hand in yer cv for ya . 
  you really are from coalisland , lad , 
  people do it in ireland too . 
  wojek , right ? 
  i remember reading that after the war he retired to edinburgh zoo and the old polish soliders used to sneak him beer and cigarettes . 
  it 's definitely a strange and interesting story , that 's for sure . 
  makes you wonder if any other soldiers ever kept pet/working bears that went undocumented, 
  calle 13 , pero no me gusta mucho el ( do you use an article for rap ? ), 
  rap . 
  no he escuchado ana tijoux , \u00bf su m\u00fasica es similar a la de calle 13 ? 
  would ado be affordable on a student budget ? 
  or would any of the amateur clubs be worth a watch ? 
  ill make sure to check it out . 
  cheers man, 
  that sounds affordable enough man . 
  you have any idea if itll be easy enough to get a ticket ? 
  cheers, 
  we have holywood instead . 
  it 's a bit shit though . 
  then why does hansa get such a reputation for being neo-nazis ? 
  i 've talked to quite a few germans who 've always put them as one of , if it not the worst club in germany for neo-nazis . 
  so is the violence just typical football hooliganism ? 
  we simply have the better crisp . 
  southern tayto is too weak for me . 
  doesnt leave that signature nordie almost sickly after taste, 
  yep . 
  he was fucking shocking . 
  he looked bad in a team that had fucking efe ambrose starting matches . 
  the french moaning about others cheating . 
  the cheek of you . 
  in what format ? 
  zoo and abzan in modern , delver decks and shardless sultai in legacy, 
  diario p\u00fablico and mundo obrero for spanish . 
  sometimes el pa\u00eds and el diario , but i do n't read as muvh as i should do . 
  ye may not be sectarian , but you 're still mad as fuck in fermanagh . 
  just look at that crazy bastard who owns the hotel in irvinestown . 
  rodgers can fuck off . 
  im sorry but this just isnt fucking acceptable . 
  his first competitive game and its clear he doesnt belong here . 
  fuck off and get out of parkhead . 
  a fucking toddler from zambia would know not to play ambrose and yet the fucking `` manager '' starts him . 
  not fucking good enough . 
  why should we give him a chance ? 
  lennon and deila have shown well enough he is fucking shite , why would rodgers make a difference ? 
  why the fuck did rodgers not but griffiths at striker ?
