  shocking irish players choose to play for ireland . 
  both irishmen born in ireland . 
  i 'm from belfast , i understand perfectly how it works here . 
  go ask james mcclean if he 's and irishman born in ireland , i think you 'll find his answer will be yes . 
  he 's arguing with two people from ireland about whether or not two other irish people are irish . 
  why is he bothering ? 
  and military occupation does n't change the fact they 're irish . 
  get him good proper northern tayto . 
  the disappointment he 'll feel will make him feel at home . 
  maybe not the best choice of woman to demonstrate something about ireland , but yeah you 're right , they 're pretty common amongst elderly women here . 
  nothing worth much , but you did get the nicest basics , in my opinion . 
  that 's something , plus the bag is sweet . 
  yeah i love r , u , 4th and 5th edition basics , but they are too hard to get a hold of in large numbers . 
  it 's really an individual thing but the artist matters a lot . 
  2016 : new year , new republic . 
  make sure next year 's republic is a continuity republic . 
  is ancestral recall not a rare ? 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  surely 12 just shows the glorious end of english occupation, 
  / r/ireland father ted references . 
  i hope it never changes . 
  no , we should keep the fleg but put `` up the ra '' on it to piss off the english, 
  reunification with the occupied 6 counties . 
  ff claim to be republicans , how about they actually show it . 
  on a social front , massive increase in social housing , especially in dublin and a motorway between limerick and cork . 
  active support for ending occupation in 6 of the 32 counties the government should be in control . 
  the lack of support ( especially out of dublin ) is what gives a lot of northern catholics mixed or even negative opinions towards the government in dublin . 
  i 'm still learning spanish so i 'm probably wrong , but i think it is something like `` habla mierda y dejarse follar '', 
  comic sans is an offence worthy of the wall . 
  why is there no option for the real irish : dirty nordie scum . 
  i 'd think junk would be more fitting for elves too than sultai . 
  you could go for some of the cheap black tutors, 
  good one . 
  i had no idea . 
  you 'd have thought it would be everywhere here in belfast with memorial stuff but nah , nothing . 
  r.i.p georgie . 
  aye my da works with modular buildings . 
  it 's definitely the speed at which they can be put it up ( why they get most of their business from schools , can go up easily over summer ) rather than the slightly lower cost . 
  hahahaha yeah . 
  i well i know about the mural , but you think you 'd have heard something today about it being the 10th anniversary . 
  ghost . 
  the music is a bit bland but not bad , but i ca n't stand the image, 
  a bunch of heresy . 
  call your local papal inquisitor , he 'll sort them out . 
  they should fuck off . 
  protect their fucking anonymity , what a fucking joke . 
  run away and protect the identities of these murdering fucks , keep them from jail . 
  it 's a wall where they fucking belong . 
  have we a celtic fan in the making from india ? 
  why `` estaba hambriento '' instead of `` ten\u00eda hambre '' ? 
  what do you think if it was a man specifying females only ? 
  are both fine or is it better to use one or the other ? 
  that 's actually amazing . 
  makes me want to play tron now . 
  more like 98 more to go . 
  i really like madrugada , esperanza and jaleo . 
  i just like the look and sound of them, 
  but , that guys a texan , surely if he likes anything about communism it would be tanks . 
  * freeshtate tayto is shite, 
  the snoo handing off a brown envelope to appeal to the unionists passion of state collusion ? 
  we say a mix of ye , yous and yousins up here in the black north, 
  how are vampires better than merfolk ? 
  come on now lads, 
  nah mate it 's the smog from the real tayto factory . 
  makes everything look darker . 
  i 've heard youns up round derry as well . 
  wonder if a bunch of derry lads went to that part of the states and that 's how that started . 
  yous with ins stuck on the end . 
  kind of like you-zins yeah i suppose . 
  that 's a bit confident of ya, 
  any half-eejit freeshtater maybe . 
  our nordie idiots can barely get into uuj . 
  it 's a bit easier but still fucked for people doing 3 ( or 90 % + of the north ) . 
  i ca n't get into courses with 3 a * that id sail into at cambridge or oxford, 
  dunluce castle is alright too and only a really short drive away as well . 
  there is n't actually much at the giant 's causeway by the way , the visitor centre is shite , the hotel beside it is better if you want food , but if you want anything else there 's nada . 
  i did n't know we had a city called cory, 
  do n't let that put you off though , giants causeway is amazing . 
  make sure to stop by belfast too , we need the precious tourist money to pay for flegs . 
  actually if you spend all your time here that would be great . 
  you have n't been to an ulster match then . 
  i 'm a season ticket holder and the majority are fine , but there is a sizeable minority of fucking bastards . 
  not the same as the soccer ones though , they are all those rich fucks that live in their own wee racist , sectarian world down malone . 
  i found out yesterday on a thread from / r/thenetherlands that rotterdam means field of the rotting corpses . 
  that 's pretty damn metal . 
  to be fair though when our cunts do something it 's usually quite funny . 
  the amount of elderly there is heartbreaking . 
  fair play to the lad , good on him . 
  i 'm not sure i could watch a newco-linfield final ( on the strange disgusting day that could ever possibly happen ) . 
  it would be too much for me . 
  only loyalists take it seriously and then it 's only really the boxing day match between glens and linfield, 
  they 've also omitted 6 other counties as well . 
  our lack of imperialism . 
  britain had a congo , france had a congo , germany had a congo , hell even belgium had a congo . 
  i wish we 'd send the lads into brazzaville so we can finally have an irish congo . 
  see ? 
  and how much craic was that ? 
  it 's something we need to give a go again like . 
  i can make time . 
  at least in an historical sense in england ( and ireland ) it is country , the county , like the us is country then state .
