  crazy bastards dont even use cups . 
  my brother is convinced there used to be one in belfast too , anyone got any idea bout that ? 
  if you remember anything from geography brazil is a bric country , not an ledc . 
  have you done any revision , young man ? 
  it 's not even that relevant , linguistics is just how languages work , not about specific ones . 
  well there you go . 
  cheers . 
  afaik they 're local council elections , so hung means no party has a majority on the council . 
  how much does football on other continents influence a countries style of football ? 
  do the way big european sides like barca and real ever influence the style of football in argentina or brazil and vice-versa ? 
  would it be safe to say that usa club football is more influenced by european club football than mexico , brazil , argentina etc. 
  would be ? 
  there is n't any inherent difference in accent between religions , just differences between areas . 
  just the same stuff he 's been doing on youtube then ? 
  fair play to him . 
  just said on commentary 90 seconds max for the anthems . 
  god the fox commentary is so shite, 
  which boys in green ? 
  yeah , but there 's more people here supporting the north now , or probably more likely supporting both . 
  horrible stuff . 
  come on lads . 
  keep this attacking up, 
  im very much conflicted right now, 
  fuck we have been so good . 
  never saw this coming . 
  come on you boys in green, 
  ireland scored both goals . 
  i will always support ireland forever and always , but there are other teams ill support pretty fervently each tournament once ireland go out . 
  last world cup i was all for greece . 
  serious ? 
  i do n't like heineken but it 's drinkable , but i 'd rather drikk nothing than carlsberg . 
  $ 13 for 8 seems bad though . 
  i 've seen like # 8 for a 12 pack in belfast , and that wasnt in a cheap offies . 
  i 've found pints cheaper in dublin , or at least on par , but in fairness my mates like going to fancy places so that might affect my knowledge of prices . 
  that does sound mad for cans though . 
  is it the same everywhere in the freeshtate ? 
  he said over the weekend . 
  if it 's just for belsonic it wo n't be much he 'd be exchanging like . 
  actually scratch that , pints will be a stroke . 
  i 'd absolutely love balotelli . 
  be great craic to see what he could do playing in ross county . 
  you say northern tayto like there is some other legitimate tayto . 
  there is tayto , and that rubbish imposter from meath . 
  because anyone with enough sense to be a decent politician fucks off from this shithole , leaving us with these cunts . 
  ema or bucky . 
  it 's a tough choice . 
  what did you think i was on about ? 
  i have no idea what else bucky could be . 
  disgusting refereeing . 
  fucking disgraceful . 
  12 men on that belgium team clear as day, 
  have you missed the last 50 minutes of the match ? 
  bit horrible to be put out of a major competition once again by a fucking useless ref . 
  competent refs next euros please uefa ? 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  do you really think geordies talk that fast ? 
  scouse i can see , but i dont think geordie is that . 
  id say glasgow is a bit faster, 
  what letters words end in and just randomness really . 
  i think origins of some words may play a part too . 
  iirc , all nouns of greek origin in spanish are masculine . 
  must be . 
  i thought i remembered reading it or bing told by a teacher . 
  are all words ending in \u00eda / ia greek too ? 
  must be a hun if he does n't love a bit of barra . 
  is it actually ? 
  fuck sake i feel like a dumbass . 
  why do you feel the need to be an absolute cunt ? 
  fuck off and go have another wank over a picture of o'duffy, 
  actually winning is almost as good as the slagging ill be saved from by the norn iron fans here . 
  they arent communists though . 
  they even banned the communists from taking part in elections . 
  both sides are fascist . 
  logically there should be . 
  big swathes of the unionist voter base in which comes from rural qnd farming communities will be utterly fucked by this vote . 
  big chunks of the economy here cant survive without eu funding . 
  theyll never vote for a united ireland though . 
  might as well go full republican sinn f\u00e9in and have a government in every province . 
  new capital in athlone when ? 
  not on the falls you didnt . 
  thompson 's is fucking beaut . 
  it seems like a massive waste . 
  i get the ulster one , but connacht , leinster and munster having one seems to be `` solving '' non existant problems . 
  imagine how much one of those parliaments would cost to run, 
  slavs are always prepared for water polo, 
  is it not a holiday in one of the carribean islands too ? 
  im legitimately struggling to breathe . 
  op , you have a mistake in the title . 
  it should be referees vs. ireland, 
  once a nation of cheating scum , always a nation of cheating scum . 
  fuck those slimey french cunts, 
  someone give him a sharpie to change irish to scottish and let 's get the ball rolling . 
  what was the difference ? 
  i 've never seen just '' \u00f3 '' before . 
  could it be networking between these nazi cunts encouraging eachother to do it ? 
  if they are part of c18 then they could be getting told to do it, 
  not very , i only know about it due to my general interest in history and spanish and when i was big into models/tabletop wargames the topic appeared in magazines with surprising regularity . 
  i think i still have a wargame magazine upstairs with an article on them . 
  they were mostly deserters from the us army aye ? 
  the commitments,
