  i 've never heard of cows getting stolen , but there 's been a few cases ( in some up to 300 ) of sheep getting stolen here in ireland recently . 
  g/u pain - mystic, 
  r/u pain - generator servant, 
  g/u pain - crack servant , a hasty 6/6 knuckleblade, 
  final judgement is a good bit older . 
  generator servant gives it haste . 
  you have all the mana from the other stuff you 've played . 
  servant just gives it haste and colourless mana, 
  edit : you have the 2g , u and r required from your lands and mystic . 
  fair point . 
  that fecks that idea up then . 
  it doesnt seem possible then . 
  fucking loved the man at derry city.too bad he left so late actually . 
  if he 'd left for a big team younger he could have been a huge star . 
  sad really . 
  maybe so , but i think there is no way in hell he would have turned down the opportunity to play for celtic , and you ca n't blame him . 
  can i get these on my ipod ? 
  without using those extracting off youtube stuff ( i 've had bad experiences ) . 
  what jacksnipe said essentially . 
  it was probably my fault , but still , i have been hesitant of them since . 
  the fact the file i downloaded wasnt an mp4 should have been the first clue , but it was ages ago and i wasnt paying attention , ill check those sites and the kthers people have posted . 
  they exist !, 
  your `` candy '' ( i think that 's the word i 'm thinking of , sweets and chocolate and shit ) . 
  goodbye my sweet burning-tree emissary . 
  gone but never forgotten . 
  man you need to read the lore ( especially 40k ) . 
  if you realise it is not serious youll realise how amazing it it . 
  the complete stupidity of it and just how ridiculous it is , at least for me , it is some of the best fantasy lore . 
  fuck me , that hit home hard . 
  we nordies sure do love our fleggin ' controversies . 
  `` so you just played 2 voice of resurgence ? 
  ok , boon satyr end of turn , wait , no , fuck !!!! '', 
  when jay mewes did his , he promised me that he 'd give me a hug if he ever came to ireland . 
  that never happened . 
  could you rectify this and give me a silent bob hug if you ever come to our island , mr smith ? 
  yep , we call ourselves taigs all the time . 
  pretty much no one gives a shit anymore , and those that do you do n't want to be around anyway . 
  it 's pretty much used for fun around here now . 
  although i was always told `` taig '' comes from a word meaning the `` corner of a field '' . 
  i have no idea where that came from . 
  i had a fangasm and passed out about 8 hours ago . 
  i 've only just woken up . 
  i 'm catholic , i feel like i 'm the only here who is n't an atheist/agnostic now . 
  i 'm well aware of that , i just did n't quite expect as many as that . 
  god that was an unexpected end . 
  lad sounds like a hero . 
  a deck with 4 final genesis and 4 final charge seems a bit good . 
  four genesis and three charge would be 60 damage . 
  clearly i ca n't do maths after midnight . 
  hmm , i never knew it was legal here . 
  all those thoughtseizes , but i was new , and i knew big green things are best . 
  just for future reference , how do i know if it is an unofficial spoiler ? 
  makes sense , thanks . 
  thanks , that helps if i 'm ever awake when spoilers start . 
  a mono-blue tron deck , or most of one . 
  maybe the odd modern staple too ( shocks mostly ) . 
  my god that 's amazing . 
  futurama . 
  no one seems to ever actually die , so i think i 'm sweet . 
  because fuck your wallet . 
  but seriously , it 's basically a list of cards that wizards agreed never to print again in order to preserve their prices over time . 
  can you buy me a legacy deck , plane tickets and accommodation please , scg ? 
  that would be appreciated . 
  i like it because i can just picture ronnie drew and luke kelly sitting in any of the pubs just being absolute heroes . 
  would he be good without bolt ? 
  i have a severe inability to judge card power . 
  brian kibler for the eye-candy . 
  green/white , mono green or mono white . 
  ( maybe green/red because gruul smash ), 
  i 'd be like ajani or garruk ( do n't know the names of their type ), 
  definitely travel to ravnica first , maybe partake in some selesnya funfun . 
  has that role not shifted more to ravnica ? 
  i didnt know that , i was thinking in more of a recent story sense . 
  this has me really excited . 
  ca n't wait to spend all weekend watching this . 
  i would love to , but travelling from ireland is quite the journey . 
  i 've packed my bags and started walking , i 'll see you in charlotte !, 
  aww man , that last island is one of my favourite islands in the game . 
  i guess we all just have vastly different opinions . 
  out of curiosity , what is your favourite basic land ? 
  see for me the only two i like are the arena lands and that plains . 
  the rest i find a bit boring . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  regulations could prevent them having more people for the gp in that part of the building . 
  ( although that might not apply for this as i have no clue what the building is like , but just a thought ), 
  i think i remember seeing a guide to modern on here not that long ago , but i ca n't seem to find it . 
  if i do i 'll edit the link in . 
  what type of pod are the decks ? 
  ( is kiki pod still a thing ? ), 
  interesting . 
  i remember seeing people say that angel is a better deck now , maybe they were wrong look at this . 
  ( and a thread here were people recommended it over melira for gp madrid ) . 
  thanks . 
  and kibler and tom ross who ruin the acronyms . 
  buy whatever modern deck i wanted ( covering what ever else is needed if i go over the limit . 
  a pod deck sure looks fun ) . 
  legacy and modern merfolk would be nice too . 
  the community , the gameplay , the lore , that very occasional win . 
  it 's all great . 
  i 'd actually love to see wotc make this .
