  it would definitely have a different feel to it and let them start over with what they think they could have done with magic . 
  they should definitely at least think about doing this as a lcg . 
  then why not an lcg ? 
  that would do very little to dilute it . 
  the urborg seems unnecessary , and probably counter-productive in most cases , giving an opponent lacking in black mana the chance to use it . 
  then yeah , it 'll probably give you a slight advantage with the mutavaults . 
  if someone else starts playing a multicolour deck with black , it might be smart to cut it . 
  christ . 
  you 'd think they would n't have to say this . 
  do you have a decklist you can post ? 
  cheers , that will help us to see where you might be going wrong . 
  maybe i need to delve back into blind guardian 's older material . 
  why ca n't i watch it in ireland ? 
  what bloody copyright is it ? 
  i 'll find the holder and shlap them . 
  it says `` cast any number '' though , which can still be 0 . 
  no sweat . 
  you 're starting an open series in europe ? 
  please ? 
  for me ? 
  hornet queen seems a bit out of place without a lot of ways to power her out . 
  edit : i 'd probably cut the 2 hornet queens for one or two stormbreath dragons . 
  i 'd also be tempted to cut the coursers , but it is such a powerful card . 
  i 'd put in a couple of polukranos , green without him just feels wrong to me . 
  4 rabblemasters seems almost essential for what you are going for . 
  i 'd also be sceptical about 3 purphoros , 2 is probably enough . 
  i 'd also say nylea is essential , at least in the board , for green mirrors , but that 's going of my experience with green last standard , so that may have changed . 
  chain to the rocks also seems a bit iffy , given you having 9 mountains ( if we include fetches ) , maybe another banishing light and cutting them might be wise . 
  that 's my thoughts anyway , i 'm sure others could give better help . 
  edit 2 : sarkhan !, 
  how could i forget sarkhan , i 'd run him as well , maybe over elspeth . 
  to be honest , i think the white splash does n't seem worth it , and i 'd consider just going r/g, 
  fuck me , that is glorious . 
  i 'm really just happy to see more modern on stream , for me it 's the most interesting format to watch , but that is just my opinion . 
  yeah , but would you ideally not just have them dead before you can play it anyway ? 
  i think personally i 'd rather have polukranos etc. 
  or those stokes in the mainboard . 
  are the 7 mana dorks enough to power her out though , especially without elvish mystic ? 
  that was my main concern , that in this deck it just does n't seem viable to get hornet queen out as quickly as you 'd like her to . 
  and most decks i 've seen take full advantage of her is in a nykthos/devotion package , and this deck lacks the explosive power that deck can have . 
  fair enough , but would she be better off as a one of than 2 ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure , but 2 just seems too much for me . 
  being from ireland , where they are is n't much of an issue ( just makes annoying times slightly more annoying if they are on the west coast ) . 
  i 'm again just happy to see more opens and more of the format i like to watch most . 
  for me it 's really just bringing me what will hopefully be a better viewing experience . 
  mine is beside a nightclub . 
  if fnm lasts too long the music turns into a weird mix of their crappy dance music and the metal and old 80s pop music used to overcome it . 
  i think both those going to the nightclub and everyone in the lgs would be really confused if this happened, 
  we have fuck all goats , what are ye on about . 
  fair play to ye . 
  another win is great , hopefully she can do the same in rio . 
  what about bazaar of baghdad ? 
  or is it not looked at because ( as far as i know ) it 's only really used in one deck ? 
  good for you man !, 
  this is a nice ending from something bad . 
  those are some bloody nice pictures . 
  1993 - regeneration, 
  yer accents . 
  as an irishman i feel obliged to hate it . 
  but as an irishman i also appreciate that you use your language right . 
  i 'm pretty sure that in the usa it is the exact same packs , just shops like walmart put their packs inside of those paper packages too ( as a way to stop people taking the rare from the pack then putting it back i think ) . 
  edit : i was way off on what i thought bogles costed . 
  yeah same here , mtg is only in card shops . 
  new phyrexia , lorwyn and urza 's block off the top of my head . 
  the dairy produce for me as well . 
  i affect that score greatly meself , lads . 
  i do apologise . 
  neither side would agree to that unless you can get us proper tayto . 
  flag !!?!??!, 
  is at sum kina forin wurd for fleg !?!?!? 
  u tryina steel our culchur ? 
  irish here . 
  merry christmas here , but i always say happy and feel wrong afterwards . 
  the interlocking star gives me a weird fascist vibe . 
  the blue on blue also is n't very nice . 
  what about a gold or yellow one ? 
  the overall design is nice though . 
  hmm , that 's strange . 
  i got the image from this page on wikipedia , maybe it 's old ? 
  just pronounce it like the irish name ( aodhan ) like aid-oin ( like loin ), 
  [ aftermath of the omagh bomb ] ( http://irishamerica.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/02/omaghbomb-4c.jpg ), 
  agh the southern fry has nothing on a good ulster fry . 
  once you leave the 9 counties there 's a distinct lack of soda bread . 
  right , how are we doing this , a provincial fry off , or is this an ulster vs the rest type deal ? 
  if you ever want something different , try getting a treacle farl , they 're great even when they are n't fried . 
  to war !, 
  anything remotely related to magic the gathering . 
  mate , i live here , they are scum , all their policies are deplorable . 
  they 're nothing but sectarians and racists . 
  belfast man here . 
  yes i would vote * sinn f\u00e9in . 
  they do n't force policies against christian teachings . 
  well , you seem to being using that very liberal us use of `` far-left '' . 
  even if they were a far-left party , that should not affect any belief in catholicism . 
  i do n't get what you mean by `` parental rights '' and `` unbridled entitlement '' . 
  when it comes to euthanasia , i have no clue , it never ever comes up here . 
  sinn f\u00e9in as a whole take a view on legalising abortion when the mother 's life is in danger , but individual tds , ~ ~ mps ~ ~ ( woopsie , somehow forgot about abstentionism ) and mlas are free to vote on the matter as they see fit and i assume they support birth control , i assume everyone does , again , it never comes up . 
  racism here ( belfast ) tends to only be bad in the loyalist areas of east belfast , where it has been specifically bad recently . 
  racism in the republican areas ( or really just the rest of the city in general ) is far less pronounced . 
  it also appears to be targeted mostly at roma , blacks and indians/pakistanis/bengalis , the chinese here rarely seem to face it .
