if you had an unlimited budget , what game would you like to make ? 
  ( within reasonable of course ), 
  that sounds pretty nice . 
  speak of wotc stuff , what about a mtg rpg ? 
  with the whole runemaster thing you are going for now , you maybe even could get the mtg license for an rpg . 
  ah , one can dream . 
  why ? 
  get back into it . 
  you can join us in our crappy thread in the ot forum . 
  is there any ip paradox was n't able to get that you really wanted to work on ? 
  of the ones you could n't afford , which would you liked to have worked on the most ? 
  this is brilliant, 
  it 's now where near that much . 
  my deck is about 100ish dollars in value ( i think , we get our numbers of us websites , so i do n't know how much it actually is here ) but i spent no where near that much on it , i got most of it from trades through boosters . 
  this is the best thig i have read here yet, 
  how important do you think it is that more issues , like those covered by your and ben 's charity , be taught in schools , so that kids can learn about them and what we can do from an early age . 
  oh , great , just let more people have hero 's downfall, 
  you make me cry mono-green tears , wizards . 
  hey , hey everybody , gaelic football is better , ignore these silly kilkenny men . 
  oh my god , was the hurling good this year , best year i can remember ( although bear in mind that is n't much . 
  agh , away with you , and your silly shaped ball, 
  agh ye know nothing , hurling is the same thing but you have just give the angry bastards sticks, 
  why did you put in a blue screen ? 
  we all know it was your evil trickery . 
  you evil , sadistic man . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is the general teaching of the catholic church ( at least it 's what we are taught here in ireland . ), 
  well , the old testament is n't ( well parts of it anyway ) but we still do believe the new testament should be . 
  and i 'm sure it was , we have the ultra creationists here who are just a pain to everyone , protestant and catholic, 
  i 'd hate to see you quit tb , you 're easily one of , if not the best youtuber . 
  i love every video you put up , keep it up tb . 
  i 'd say he does have feelings for you but just has no idea of how to conduct himself . 
  it seems to me that he is maybe trying to make you jealous to make you say something first so he does n't have to . 
  congratulations man !, 
  this has genuinely cheered me up . 
  good luck . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/05/scott-ludlam-tony-abbott-speech-wa-byelection just listening to this , a fine speech , good luck with your campaigns . 
  more wtf is . 
  a mix of bad and good . 
  good games deserve the press and bad games are fun to watch you take the piss out of . 
  do you have any interest in war games like warhammer , flames of war etc. 
  amazing . 
  i wish gw would remake these . 
  was it not that gw though the origins ( i.e the breed through rape thing ) was n't suitable for the audience they were going for ? 
  do you really like carrots ? 
  sorry , i prefer my sports with actual sports in it , not just ads . 
  well saying russian forces is a bit of a stretch . 
  a big difference . 
  it 's been all over the fucking news . 
  `` pro-russian militias '' not russian forces . 
  you need to learn not to trust any bollocks run by fox . 
  the town i loved so well, 
  the top fifteen comments were all accusing people of being an anti-semite, 
  and i am sorry , clearly genocide must be acceptable if america supports it . 
  how could i be so stupid to thnk otherwise to the high and mighty people of reddit . 
  my mistake . 
  clearly your people have experienced it , clearly . 
  because mine has . 
  snoozefest ? 
  football , rugby , gaelic , hurling , whatever european field sport is 35 , 40 , 45 minutes of constant action ( bare injuries of course ) followed by another half of constant action . 
  there is no stopping for ads . 
  i find this hilarious . 
  here the main reason people do n't watch us sports is because of the constant fecking adverts ( although hockey seems to be ok with this ) . 
  you bloody stop for ads , it 's ridiculous . 
  it 's like cricket but with less doing something . 
  although i suppose american football is actually a sport , cricket is just standing in a field for a week . 
  agh , i suppose you 're right , but i can never and will never fully understand cricket . 
  like i can get the technical aspect of baseball , like i like to look at massive sheets of numbers too , but it is n't a thing i 'd sit down and watch . 
  neither of them are good spectator sports . 
  it 's just hard to understand that sort of sport with a bat and ball when you grow up watching this :, 
  makes me proud to be irish . 
  as i can now inform ye all that these bleedin dubliners are n't real irishmen . 
  we do n't like you . 
  we 'll take canada though . 
  not part of the eu though . 
  that 's where it 's at . 
  hey mewes , want to come to ireland and give us a hug ? 
  if you come to belfast give me a shout !, 
  ye mean we are in the news for something that was n't the ra ? 
  i 'm stunned . 
  how do you feel about getting destroyed by derry and about ( most probably ) getting destroyed by them again in the nfl final ? 
  some irishman you are . 
  yay !, 
  more content . 
  life would be that much shitter without as much tb . 
  thank you < 3, 
  speaking of boxes , could you make a biscuit box filled with various totalbiscuit shaped treats ? 
  i would love to eat shortbread of your face . 
  top tip - only play green . 
  well i started with and pretty much only play green . 
  it 's very straight forward with mana ramp and big creatures but still very fun . 
  manowar - fighting the world or dragonforce - inhuman rampage, 
  why no green mythic ? 
  you bastard . 
  cruachan , primordial for the heavier stuff . 
  mago de oz , skiltron , triddana for the lighte stuff . 
  as much as i hate blue , i must say those islands are beautiful . 
  they are all beautiful actually , damn it wizards , hire this man !, 
  * sniff * you 're making a young irishman cry . 
  it 's so beautiful, 
  not much really .
