  red white army !, 
  christ . 
  he seems like the kind of guy who spends his free time in operas and exclusively drinks 50 year old cognac . 
  where was this put up if you know ? 
  the creggan ? 
  watching my cousin win the county championship . 
  feels weird shouting for a different team , but the family comes first . 
  fucking love when andy scores . 
  hopefully the big lad can make a come back . 
  not exist and the d\u00e1il would be replaced by the people 's soviet , led by comrade gerry and comrade marty . 
  surely he 's still blanching them there . 
  i need all of those i can get my hands on . 
  where do you get them ? 
  antonio l\u00f3pez de santa ana ( you never said which united states ... ), 
  of the usa though , probably fdr . 
  not easy , but at least he did all that social welfare craic . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  fucking love them . 
  the wee ones are the best too . 
  send those fuckers up to belfast . 
  there 's a lad who does total war stuff on youtube but i ca n't remember his name . 
  dan something i think, 
  i like it on spain 's . 
  i can find them everywhere like , i 'd just never turn up the opportunity for free parma violets . 
  there 's a few places in dublin last i checked ( there at least used to be one right off o'connell street in the city centre , pretty sure it 's still there ) . 
  i think there is still one in limerick . 
  you 'll find nothing in waterford or tullamore . 
  but why , why , why , why are you planning on going to waterford , limerick or tullamore ? 
  i hope yousins become a top 4 team , you 're our representation in the premier league . 
  there is really fuck all to do in either of them . 
  trust me , go to galway and cork instead . 
  roy keane . 
  i dare any fucker to try and collect debt from keano, 
  is it not just a piece of paper inside a toploader, 
  they did it for the memes . 
  off topic , but is that an mtg related name ? 
  screw the freeshtate , come to the proper ireland !, 
  come up north !, 
  all of us nordies are 100 % pureblooded irish , none of this inter-county mixed race marriages you 'll find down south , we 're all irish . 
  you wo n't find a fermanagh woman marrying a derry boy up here . 
  we have the best university in ireland ( in terms of eh , hmmm , getting shitfaced maybe ? ) . 
  beflast is also super cheap , easy to live in and we 're very friendly . 
  if you can though , seriously give up here a look , we 're a great studying choice , full of friendly people who totally do n't only want you for your shit ton of yank tourist money . ^ okay ^ maybe ^ we ^ do, 
  i pussied out of just taking the piss out of the south and stuck something somewhat helpful at the end . 
  i love gerry 's ridiculousness , he was always said to be a good mp in west belfast but i 'm not sure id want him in power . 
  when it comes to sinn f\u00e9in who else am i going to go vote for ? 
  the socialists up here are a bunch of ultra liberal pricks who only want to scream at you in town for your involvement in the patriarchy , \u00c9ir\u00edg\u00ed do n't run where i live and neither do the irsp or worker 's party . 
  if you are even remotely republican you have no one else to vote for . 
  where abouts are they from up here ? 
  my da is exactly the same . 
  now he just does n't vote . 
  i feel like yousins all think everywhere up here is the middle of nowehre :p, 
  is it that you 'll be gifting me every card on mtgo and a pony ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  tone , henry joy . 
  some of the most important figures in modern irish history , a rebellion so you can have some overblown action scenes , i 'm pretty sure mccracken 's sister was in love with one of the other rebels so we can throw in a wee love sub plot as well . 
  it 'd be a cracker . 
  like fuck we are , mate . 
  if you 're still there head to that manu chao concert advertised in the background . 
  i asked here a few weeks ago which dutch team i should go see if i move to the netherlands . 
  the general consensus seemed to be feyenoord and i did n't think much about it afterwards . 
  then i saw that feyenoord beat ajax 1-0 yesterday and i was really fucking happy ; have i been slowly becoming a fan since going to holland ? 
  it 's something that confuses me with spanish , having to use singular forms when talking about football teams , bands etc. 
  that flag offends me . 
  it offends my tear glands and makes me cry endlessly that it is n't here any more . 
  is gp porto alegre getting covered ? 
  i love me some modern . 
  bit shit , but so is every friday night we 're divided from our southron brothers . 
  but nah , it 's alright , bit quiet , i had a massive fucking lunch and decided to get a chinese with my brother as well about an hour ago cus why not . 
  feeling fatter than i normally do . 
  well that 's cus getafe have about 8 fans . 
  who is the biggest club in rio ( by number of fans ) ? 
  i watched city of god the other day and they were translated as the red brigades . 
  i was really confused why kids in rio were talking about italian communists, 
  had to look up who they were after . 
  i really enjoyed khans/fate, 
  i wish porky was staring down the barrel of one of our tanks . 
  aye , 7th derry . 
  fucking 7th . 
  i remember when we ( they ? ), 
  were getting beat by psg in uefa cup qualifying . 
  fuck sake how far derry has fallen . 
  bumper bags mate , they lurk in them . 
  [ i prefer to keep it simple , comrade . 
  i 'll be riding to the revolution in this ] ( http://www.soviet-empire.com/arsenal/army/tanks/t55/t55_002.gif ), 
  are those games ever actually canon though ? 
  it was always the neighbourhood prick that gave out nuts when i was a wee kid . 
  we have those too , they 're called fizzers in the bumper bags . 
  they taste nothing alike by the way . 
  a bit shit like but ah well . 
  slept in top long but i think i may have incidentally got a job last night , so that 's good . 
  did ye get up to any craic ? 
  i 'm no expert in the gopnik , but i think the main difference is that russians seem to prefer the sweats version , while people here in ireland and britain prefer a waterproof version . 
  a serb with a deep understanding of cornish ? 
  he sure sounds it . 
  ca n't say i 'm familiar with them . 
  is yola one spoken in nigeria ? 
  edit : it is not , that would be yoruba . 
  i know about santa muerte . 
  the mexican catholic church really does n't like her ( it ?
