  hmmm , thanks . 
  that is a lot different to the meaning of far-left here ( you know , more the whole equality business ) . 
  were these northern republicans culchies ? 
  because they are a whole different ball game ( all my family bar me and my brothers are culchies ) . 
  but trust me , racism on any large scale ( chasing nigerians and roma out of their homes ) is exclusive to the loyalist areas . 
  oh , i meant to include that . 
  all i know is that it is a foxconn p55a series . 
  the case should be big enough ( it is a large case , just over half a metre tall and just a bit longer length wise ) but how would i find out if the psu has the right connectors ? 
  would it just be worthwhile getting a new one i 'd know would work with the gpu ( a 500w or 600w say ) ? 
  i seem to remember someone from wizards saying that doorkeeper is just a n homunculus , not actually fblthp . 
  yes , but that does not make fblthp that particular doorkeeper ( after all , fblthp is a gardener ), 
  yes , i thought i said that . 
  my bad . 
  would they be all 3 basic land types ? 
  if so , then 4-5 i 'd say ( probably 4 though ) . 
  if not , then 2-3 . 
  we irish are an indecisive bunch . 
  yep , has to be ichikawa 's charm for me too . 
  i believe previews start on monday . 
  have to agree with this so much . 
  he 's pretty much the only card i 've put in it ( myr battlesphere as well if he is n't already in it ) and he 's great . 
  if you have a forgemaster out with daretti 's ulti , it 's basically gg . 
  he 's insane . 
  all of these seem insanely powerful . 
  i 'd love all of them in my edh decks . 
  maybe change the u one to 3 cards . 
  or it 's just showing the printing from conspiracy . 
  it 's very hard to tell with the quality of the picture . 
  to me at least it looks like it could very well be either , which makes me lean towards it just being conspiracy . 
  good mass , interesting , but the boyo put in some while long pauses into it for no real reason . 
  dragged it out a bit and took away from the experience . 
  god i am super jealous . 
  that 's awesome , man . 
  have fun with that beauty !, 
  what about lands like mutavualt that ca n't attack the turn they come in ? 
  how exactly does that work in the rules ? 
  oh , thanks , i did n't know that . 
  i assume if i make it a creature on it 's second turn in play , it can still tap for mana ? 
  thanks !, 
  awesome !, 
  i 'm getting a 970 as my christmas present , ca n't wait for it to arrive . 
  strip mine is very good . 
  wasteland ? 
  or you could always screw paying rent and buy them all ... 
  hahahaha , whenever i 'm living on my own , i hope to have your restraint . 
  i thought mine was bad after i thought the beef was sub-par . 
  well , this could have been far worse . 
  hope you 're doing better now , op . 
  mate , i 'm as republican as you can get up here with out getting up and joining the ra , and even i ca n't justify that . 
  they shot the man down for no reason in an action that had nothing to do with what they were claiming to achieve . 
  jacks change it or pontoon . 
  i 'd say at my local games workshop yes , very much so , but a lot of people tell me the other lgss here that do 40k and fantasy are getting quite a lot of people , so maybe it is growing , although i 've also been told a lot of people are switching to bolt action here . 
  it 's a mixed bag i 'd say . 
  a lack of sleep caused me to ignore the `` growing '' part of the title . 
  is it not `` council house associated vermin '' ? 
  deadly shot should not be blue . 
  it should be gb or br . 
  well , it would be hard to have a left-wing monarchy ( as in a proper , absolute monarchy ), 
  generally people consider both to be two of the oldest ( or you just pick a side on who you think was right when it came to the schism ), 
  dunluce castle is a nice wee castle you can visit when/if you go to the giant 's causeway . 
  if you plan on going there , avoid july , maybe make it the end of your trip . 
  do not go to belfast on the 11 ^ th or 12 ^ th of july . 
  there is n't an article up yet ( as it is today 's front page ) but i 'll try and post it when it is put up . 
  ah , cheers man . 
  should have checked there too , but i 'm not the type of man to be checking the newsletter . 
  ~ ~ [ does this help ? 
  ] ( http://www.channelfireball.com/articles/owens-a-win-gpnj-bluered-delver/ ) ~ ~, 
  not it does not . 
  maybe i should read the article too instead of just typing modern delver into google . 
  yeah , sorry , did n't notice that at first . 
  if i remember i 'll try and hit you up with someone i know 's thoughts on his u/r deck , but that 'll be this time tomorrow at the earliest before i can get it . 
  i 'll message you it ( if i can remember ) if you want . 
  good on you , hibs . 
  we have both a very weird sense of humour and are very much insane . 
  we 're all even paler here , up in the bleak north . 
  here , belfast may be a shithole , but it 's our fucking shithole !, 
  i wo n't be having no culchie talk my wee city down . 
  depends where you want to go i suppose . 
  i can only really speak for belfast , but if you want to move up here it 's grand . 
  the news may tell you it 's full of wankers ( and granted , it is full of wankers ) , but the rest of us are fine folk . 
  we also have the best breakfasts ( do n't listen to the rest of them , we win , they do n't even have soda bread ! ), 
  you could probably build a mono-red burn/rdw for around that price , depending on what cards you already have . 
  it 's definitely doable without goblin guides , who may well go down in price with a possible reprint in mm2 , or they could be a goal to build towards ( if you do n't have him ) . 
  on a single card , about 10 $ on each of 4 hallowed fountain , 4 temple garden , 4 overgrown tomb ( if i can do the conversion in my head ) . 
  i 've traded far more ( about 40 $ ) . 
  wait a second , derry is missing from your list , ye ca n't be telling me you are n't calling it a shithole !, 
  the new pre-built decks are fantastic . 
  you ca n't go wrong starting with one of those . 
  ma and da . 
  occasionally me da is called `` huge euge '' to piss him off . 
  the alter would have to be authorised by the head judge in a gp etc. 
  i 'm super jealous of the lands , man . 
  awesome collection !, 
  [ [ temple garden ] ], 
  depends on what playstyle you like , they all seem to be good decks . 
  i have the red one and love messing around with it . 
  it can do some really fun , janky stuff , plus has wurmcoil engine to provide it with the monetary value as well . 
  supreme verdict or sphinx 's rev. 
  woohooo !, 
  flegs !,
