  elspeth 's death has seen him loose hope in white mana . 
  ridiculous thought , but ye never know . 
  i really wanted myr . 
  i do n't know why , but i was having a discussion about what colourless thing it might be if it was present . 
  i said myr based on the fact that , well , myrs are fucking cool . 
  really ? 
  if so i wasnt playng at the time , so my mistake . 
  i did say it was a ridiculous thought, 
  ah , i did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  that would have been like heaven for me , the more garruk the better !, 
  sorry to post twice , but i saw this on the wizard 's website . 
  `` did n't we just see ajani on theros ? 
  either there 's a leonin running around that looks just like him , or ajani 's up to something in magic 2015 . '' . 
  could be of interest . 
  as a fellow mono g devotion player i 've been trying to figure out the same thing . 
  personally i think it is too slow , but if i get my hands on one i 'll definitely try him out . 
  i 'll guess we 'll just have to wait and see what else comes in m15 before we can really say . 
  cards from return to ravnica onwards will still be allowed after m15 comes out , but after the set after , khans of tarkir , rtr block and m14 will rotate out , leaving theros block , m15 and khans of tarkir the new standard . 
  potato bread . 
  ireland . 
  edit : this type http://www.europeancuisines.com/images/potato_bread.jpg, 
  surely this worries you . 
  edit : ok , i just read on , maybe this should n't worry us . 
  not even , we were so wrong it 's a white/blue/red garruk . 
  i can only find the match in german in my hotel in spain . 
  the commentators loud incoherent screaming alerted me that the match was actually on and that i did n't have to look at the match thread . 
  no , fuck off belgium . 
  do n't do this to us now . 
  i know it wo n't matter because germany will slaughter either of them , but come on belgium , do n't loose . 
  lukaku you bastard, 
  you arent meant to let them come near to scoring !, 
  are you sure flemish ( dutch ) is n't , or is that only as a first language ? 
  bye bye usa , maybe we 'll see you in russia . 
  wait , no , i 'm irish , we wo n't qualify . 
  maybe the other countries will see you in russia . 
  haha no problem man , i 'm not sure at all . 
  i think french is most spoken in brussels due to a bunch of stuff in the 19th century ( brussels is historically in flanders ) , but the biggish cities in the west , like antwerp , ghent make dutch the most spoken , at least as a first language . 
  what happened in the last 15 minutes to warrant more than a minute of stoppage time ? 
  not playing during titan era standard , i ca n't really say . 
  to me primeval titan sounds like the best thing ever , but that probably means that it was a horrible standard to be in if a card i like is actually very very good . 
  it must have been horrible . 
  what even . 
  that must have just been silly, 
  this would be the closest to drafting i 've ever came , would the deck be playable ? 
  i probably made some wrong decisions ( drafting the battlefield forge for example ) but i think it 's ok . 
  1 borderland marauder, 
  1 foundry street denizen, 
  3 generator servant, 
  1 kird chieftain, 
  1 kurkesh onakke ancient, 
  1 lightning strike, 
  3 thundering giant, 
  2 torch fiend, 
  1 back to nature, 
  2 centaur courser, 
  2 elvish mystic, 
  1 hunters ambush, 
  1 verdant haven, 
  3 evolving wilds, 
  7 mountain, 
  7 forest, 
  sb : 1 island , 1 mountain , 1 swamp , 1 tyrants machine , 1 will forged golem , 1 battlefield forge , 1 satyr wayfinder , 2 naturalize , 1 plummet , 1 rangers guile , 2 midnight guard , 1 oreskos swiftclaw , 1 raise the alarm , 1 solemn offering , 1 thundering giant , 1 lava axe , 1 clear a path, 
  edit : in the process of making this easier to read . 
  so more creatures , like the other thundering giant , would be better than a more situational card like back to nature ? 
  i actually saw more generator servants , but chose the battlefield forge and i think a kird chieftain instead . 
  the first one was probably a mistake . 
  thanks . 
  i think i saw another lighting strike but chose a centaur courser instead . 
  but that was it . 
  oh yeah , i forogot about the cards that wo n't be in it . 
  now i 'm sad i did n't see a serra angel in there . 
  thanks for the help though, 
  thanks for the feedback , hopefully it will help me if i do an actual draft some time . 
  cheers man . 
  i feel like i 've played just about long enough that i ca n't ask :(, 
  really cool thing that you 're doing though !, 
  since when was the us left-wing ? 
  the us is the far right-wing twats and the slightly less far right-wing twats . 
  i want wizards to print this then get it signed by gojira . 
  it would combine two of my favourite things , magic and metal . 
  just a thought , but triplicate spirits seems a bit pointless for the deck , seeing as they do n't help heroic in the slightest . 
  same with raise the alarm . 
  on a budget i 'd have to say heroic , purely because i have no clue what price the token generators from m15 will be ( obviously the commons will be more or less worthless , but i have no idea where spirit bonds could go ) . 
  also , you only really have 3 that i know of from m15 , so again , heroic . 
  i 've seen some really fun and fnm competitive r/w/u heroic decks that you could move into when you get more funds . 
  obviously due to the land base it is far more expensive , but it could be something to move in to . 
  yep , they are the only three i know of . 
  i do n't on hand , but let me try and find some . 
  anyway , the one i remember seeing seemed very inexpensive outside of the land base , although it did have a few rtr cards . 
  sadly i was n't able to find something quite close . 
  it had a lot of stuff like favoured hoplites and your other really cheap heroic creatures and then gods willings and mizzium skins . 
  go for it , i 'd like to see what you come up with . 
  i have a soft spot for token decks . 
  well he may have some really valuable cards . 
  hopefully you 'll some of the sweet stuff from back then to help out . 
  really just read what / u/theac997 said , those cards are the ones to watch for . 
  ps4 because i must play mgs5 ( thank god it 's coming to pc ) . 
  i thought i 'd read in several places it was coming out for xbone , ps4 and pc , but now i 'm not so sure . 
  may i ask the good people or / r/socialism what exactly they think is wrong with the eu ?
