  i know it 's no the end of the world but i 'd just like to hear like , get any worries out of the way like and let us enjoy the next few months, 
  staying at home yeah it 's the same here , but the brickys that go to england for a week or two at a time make fuck loads . 
  do n't know what the irish sparks and plumbers are making in london though , could well be more, 
  international studies in leiden . 
  in first year in glasgow now but it 's no for me, 
  from the sounds of things english tradespeople really get fucked over, 
  it 's not english companies paying them . 
  ots irish companies getting the contracts for jobs there . 
  i 'd say there definitely should be a being irish bonus tho, 
  experience . 
  play long enough and , memory problems aside , you 'll just remember them . 
  like learning a language , the vocab will just stick after reading them so much, 
  the big amateur leagues in scotland are pretty well run are they no ? 
  near enough any website of a gaa club or county . 
  they 're all shite, 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted , song was first sung by jock on top of the pops in '68, 
  i might not have been being serious mate, 
  if youre tempted by an or storm you could proxy it up and goldfish to see how it feels . 
  im currently building gifts storm as well, 
  someone is buying fuckloads of them, 
  not really accurate anyway , it is n't a random enough buyout , it probably is cus of that spoiler, 
  who would brolly be running for if not sinn f\u00e9in ? 
  just you wait till the madrid fans come to porto and start singing about olivenza, 
  wonder if he 's one of the lyon ultras that threatened to attack besiktas fans last week, 
  comparing you to your fellow idiot lyon fans who 've being attacking besiktas both verbally and , as it happened today , physically, 
  serious ? 
  cant see us being wetter than galway, 
  do they ? 
  most guys i know say they learned ulster irish in school , not what is taught in the republic, 
  no shock it was a draw when the ref is that much of a fucking hun, 
  hun is rangers fan , not prod . 
  this is n't belfast, 
  when 50 + % of scotland supports them and 95 % of the sfa does , aye ,, 
  similar enough to how i 'd imagine most native english speakers would pronounce them, 
  easiest team to sell . 
  of course uefa wants them in the final, 
  yup , me and near enough the rest of the world, 
  offside again, 
  coulda scratched yer car and left their number to phone them . 
  seems weird that they would n't have said that though , so probably not, 
  the preteens drinking barricks . 
  beautiful stuff, 
  they could get relegated like . 
  early days and all but it 's looking grim, 
  i only enjoy talking about the finer points of the divide in irish republicanism and obscure spanish cheeses, 
  how do you know it 's the reason you 're having trouble with your other subjects, 
  that 's fair enough to be fair like . 
  i mean surely though if you 're learning this shite in school though the vocab will come super easier . 
  i and most other lads in my course did n't find it too hard to learn the annoying literature and poetry vocab when it came to spanish like, 
  that 's weird like . 
  i 've only met a few ones that went to gaelscoils here in belfast but they say it 's 100 % irish . 
  i could see the weird mix of both being an issue like, 
  en espa\u00f1ol mi poema favorita es `` bobby sands desfallece en el muro '' de carmen berenguer, 
  the spanish , greeks and portuguese work the most out of anyone in europe, 
  lol . 
  youve described watching football with my brother, 
  know am late but i got accepted into uni in holland since i last posted and i 'm proper happy like . 
  need to decide whether i get tickets for ado , sparta or feyenoord now, 
  aye , de kuip looks class tbf like and their fans seem to be friendly with ours . 
  just do n't know if it 'd be proper hard to get tickets now they 're on the up again, 
  they work quite significantly the most hours on average per week . 
  ireland is down near the bottom with the germans and the dutch, 
  beautiful strike tbf . 
  not sure about the free though , anyone have a replay ? 
  looked like a decent tackle when i first looked but was n't 100 % watching, 
  well i guess not them then  i 'll have to choose one of the other clubs , or stay local with ado, 
  i 'm not there yet mate , not moving to den haag till september ( or the end of august , not sure when i get the house exactly ), 
  far more common to have protestant celtic fans than catholic rangers ones though, 
  shocking keeping . 
  love it, 
  ] ( https://scontent.flhr4-2.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/18034203_1698776943465865_7640822673256944036_n.jpg?oh=78a0eac385b9ad36f7366fb8f46970f6&amp;oe=5980d19a ), 
  he may as well be messi compared to how he 's playing now compared to under deila, 
  hard to see yousins staying third next year with hibs up and ( presumably ) hearts getting rid of cathro, 
  aye , us and partick now, 
  nah that 's just paisley for you, 
  that fucking ni fleg behind the goal saying county donegal on it . 
  you have indeed, 
  disappointed to only win 2-0 against that shite they put on the pitch but a wins a win . 
  ok start . 
  celtic just beat the huns so i can now fully enjoy a class day of football . 
  got into the uni i wanted for september which is class . 
  good week tbf, 
  off to holland . 
  was meant to go last year but fucked up the housing application so had to go to glasgow last minute . 
  hated the course am doing here so reapplied and got in . 
  everything done , housing anol , so just have to wait and see which on they give me . 
  have a stress free summer to look forward to now, 
  real love offside goals, 
  no even fucking close, 
  i 'd assumed they were some weird new fascists ones doing it . 
  seen them a lot round the holy lands / anywhere else there 's lots of roma, 
  got a class wee celtic lighter in one in dundee . 
  beaut lighter tbf, 
  well the libertadores has a couple of spots for concacaf teams, 
  do n't forget primordial, 
  black bush tbh . 
  still have n't had a nicer one, 
  and guinness is a prod beer, 
  having been in bushmills i find this so hard to believe, 
  looks like that crate of super tennents i sent to the lodge did the trick,
