  there . 
  ireland is no the british isles mate, 
  british isles is a term consturcted by the imperialist english government to try and give them a claim over ireland . 
  it is a term only used by english . 
  it would be like calling poland `` part of german europe '', 
  it isnt a geographic term at all, 
  greater belfast tis about that size though, 
  still did you not used to be huge ? 
  is it a wroclaw problem it 's so empty or poland in general ? 
  that 's shit like . 
  hope things turn round for you, 
  imo hunky dorys have changed a lot over the last year . 
  far worse crisps than they used to be, 
  it 's like the actual crisp has changed . 
  really thin and horrible, 
  look like a yank to me mate, 
  im 6 5 mate and dont tower over the rest of us . 
  we arent fucking leprechauns, 
  how much more irish could you get ? 
  being from ireland would be a start . 
  i can get 500ml cans in scotland . 
  8 packs seem to be mostly 440ml and 4 packs are mostly 500ml, 
  depends what drink . 
  beautiful pints make me sleepy , vodka makes me boke, 
  it does indeed aye . 
  i have plenty of muslim irish friends , great lads . 
  next you 'll try telling us lynott or mcgrath are n't irish ( two lads with black parents who were born in england , but still completely irish . 
  unlike you ) . 
  lol , mate . 
  they are irish , 2 of ireland 's greatest heros in fact . 
  unlike you , who is american . 
  the whole `` celt and anglo '' shite is a load of bollocks . 
  ethnicity is a complete cultural construct and the quicker ye yanks learn that the better . 
  you 're either culturally irish or you are n't . 
  blood has 100 % fuck all to do with it . 
  hahaha mate there 's one disrespectful cunt in this thread and it 's defo the racist yank, 
  mate , did you even listen last time . 
  ethnicity is a social construct , like let 's look at the definition, 
  `` the fact or state of belonging to a social group that has a common national or cultural tradition . '', 
  where there does it mention anything about blood or any of that shite . 
  you 're irish if you belong to a social group of a cultural tradition right ? 
  whether you 're as black as the night sky or as white as a lily , or any of the wonderful shades in between , you can still be irish . 
  like seriously , do a bit of research lad . 
  you 're sitting there spouting off that typical racist shite that if you are n't white you ca n't be x. phil lynott , with a guyanese father is irish . 
  paul mcgrath , with a nigerian father is irish . 
  se\u00e1n \u00d3g \u00d3 hailp\u00edn 's ma is fijian , he 's still irish . 
  my mate eshraq who 's parents are from bangladesh , he 's irish too . 
  does n't matter if you can trace 800 years back to yer great x100000 granda paddy in gort , that no makes you irish . 
  go look up what ethnicity is . 
  it is belonging to a social group . 
  you can be ethnically iraqi , but that 's just being from iraq , a state created out of nothing 100 years ago . 
  still an ethnic group , still a social construct . 
  seriously , yer clueless . 
  mate not it is n't history or science , it 's racist pseudoscience, 
  awww you bring up africa , where literally all the countries bar ethiopia are bull shit western constructs, 
  you 're one of us lad . 
  always welcome, 
  lynott and mcgrath are n't muslim by the way , nor my mates ( much as i wish they were ) . 
  phil lynott was an irish musician ( frontman of thin lizzy ) and paul mcgrath ~ ~ was an irish footballer ~ ~ is god . 
  yous better start chanting `` paul mcgrath , take off yer bra '', 
  he wrote whiskey , no self respecting scot would it ever write it our way, 
  nothing against them , apart from using racist terms to refer to them like negros or coloreds , you dumb racist fuck, 
  how , and i 'll think you 'll find the irish are black and proud, 
  no mate , you need to shout at him that he is n't irish . 
  no true irishman can ever have such a hungarian reddit name . 
  he 's just confused about our cultural differences . 
  due to our superior european book keeping techniques we are able to trace our ancestry all the way back to ethiopia and kenya , something yanks just ca n't do . 
  it 's not his fault he ca n't see he 's ethno-bloodically-whatevershitehewastalkingearlier african , he 's just a yank . 
  those dna tests are full on bollocks anyway . 
  said my full on nyuk mate that he was part pacific islander, 
  turns out he did n't, 
  but he did give us this amazing little number from none other than our american friend himself https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fai_8bps3lo, 
  beautiful, 
  nyuk is someone from newry , probably should have said that . 
  anyway , absolutely no relation to the pacific anyway, 
  the ones over in shitamericanssay and subreddit drama say this meade skelton lad is local `` celebrity '' in richmond whose got in trouble in the past for ranting about `` uppity negro '' shop workers . 
  same name he said anyway . 
  apparently he has a thing for doing this shite on internet forums, 
  youre lost , go back to the pi forums where you belong, 
  flogging molly 's is clearly meant to be celtic 's crest . 
  at least their singer is irish though, 
  ah i recognise yer name, 
  sent in my application to go to uni in holland for september . 
  this course in glasgow was n't for me and was really the wrong choice in the first place . 
  hopefully i get and and get accommodation this time . 
  it 'll be sad not living with celtic anymore but hopefully i can find a good community of fans out there . 
  being from belfast as well i 'm an expert on cross community relations . 
  flegs and drums are the first things packed . 
  i got accepted last year but my housing application got fucked up so at the last minute i was n't able to go out , so went to my like 15th choice uni in glasgow instead . 
  but i 've reapplied to leiden again cus i really should have taken this year out and done that anyway but ah well . 
  it 's a bit of a more complicated application than like ucas but it 's not hard to apply there , most unis have a number of courses taught in english , and they 're far less strict on grade . 
  course i 'm applying to let 's in anyone that meets the minimum requirements ( 3 passes at a-level for us ), 
  2000 ~ euros per year in fees , living costs are a bit more than belfast and glasgow but on par or cheaper than most other places . 
  course i 've applied to and want to do is international studies in leiden . 
  there 's a course called minority languages and mutlilingualism in groningen that sounds interesting i might apply to as well as a back up, 
  i missed out on seeing kvelertak and gojira within the space of 3 days . 
  super pissed i did n't just go on my own to those, 
  7.5 % for nigeria apparently . 
  they get foreign extra whereas the 8 % stuff is special export which was originally for belgium . 
  still far stronger than what we normally get,
