  im fluent in english but ill still have some difficulties with shakespeare and the like . 
  have any of yous watched the kabaddi stuff theyve started showing on sky recently ? 
  this shit is great . 
  finals are starting now , im pumped . 
  is this stuff nice ? 
  the lemony one looks great, 
  really need to get back into the loi . 
  have n't been to a game in a few years now ; really need to get to one before the season ends . 
  derry city . 
  i 'm from belfast but me da is from derry and we 'd go to the odd game when i was visiting family , so my fondness has stuck . 
  give him to us please . 
  not sure if they could even do the football though . 
  fucking great . 
  sevens is perfect for the olympics imo , and has the greatest potential of getting people from non-rugby nations interested in rugby . 
  lol . 
  3 nations which are n't the usa have won the basketball and 2 of them do n't exist anymore . 
  it would also be a shit olympic sport . 
  it just takes far too long to finish a match . 
  no matter where theyre from bohs fans seem to be pricks, 
  brondby is a bitch . 
  gunning for you lads , always have a soft spot for our green , shamrocky brothers . 
  not sure how im a brit , born and bred in ireland and having lived nowhere else , but good lad . 
  i do n't know what he 's on about , this is literally the first interaction i 've had with him , and i 've replied to him once here . 
  throw , throw , throw , throw , throw ... . 
  i think the point being made is that the perceived usefulness of the language is n't the only thing to consider when choosing a language to learn . 
  if you think you 'll have the most fun and enjoyment out of learning wolof , then there 's no reason not to try to learn it . 
  are the deaths of communists , roma etc. 
  not usually included within the term `` holocaust '' ? 
  what are those deaths categorised under by those who deem them completely separate ? 
  lol fuck off . 
  we should get historic merit then , whatever the fuck that even means . 
  benfica and the big dutch clubs aswell . 
  we 'll form our own european league , with blackjack and hookers , and maybe feyenoord too . 
  the new applegreens just outside of belfast have greggs i 'm pretty sure . 
  well laszlo papp has three golds himself . 
  an absolute monster of olympic heavyweight boxing along with the great cubans teofilo stevenson and felix savon, 
  edit : ok i didnt realise you meant just this olympics . 
  christ . 
  hungary has 167 gold medals . 
  mad stuff . 
  iirc queen 's and uuj are both completely getting rid of all language courses not just irish . 
  they were popular , but at least in queens case not where they want to put funding . 
  fuck off celtic . 
  we have a fucking shit team . 
  what ever the clueless wankers at half time were thinking . 
  this is 90 % the same team as the fucking bollocks last year , it isnt magically better now that weve went from shitty deila to shitty rodgers . 
  they can all fuck off . 
  the entire team bar griffiths needs replaced . 
  the knee jerk reaction is thinking we 're somehow magically a new team from last season cus we have liverpools reject, 
  im stressed enough to begin with with fucking exams and uni places and all that bollocks . 
  i really didnt need those 2 goals . 
  i went on a walk after . 
  should have just went on a big one before the match started and avoided that outburst and all . 
  if both courses are in the same uni could he not ask the uni to switch ? 
  i seem to remember the girl at trinity saying if i get accepted to european studies i but decide i 'd rather do spanish/russian joint honours instead that 'd be possible and vice-versa . 
  probably , both courses are part of languages . 
  iirc she said even if i do n't get the points for european studies i could still do it if i get accepted for spanish/russian or spanish/italian cus they 're very similar courses . 
  getting my a-levels there though i do n't think i 'll get into trinity though , it 'll be touch and go . 
  need points to drop by 30 or 40 . 
  i 'm a big fan of the old one , think it looks class . 
  not so much the new one though . 
  24,500 for me . 
  that seems insanely high , but i guess many words have so many different meanings so they might count as separate ? 
  i do n't know , that just sounds ridiculously high , never mind 42,000 . 
  it 's that movie made by the cork lads aye ? 
  nope , have n't found anything and pretty sure i wo n't be going to leiden now . 
  i have seen quite a few places on 3 month contracts , mostly people giving up their room while they go on internships . 
  i 've certainly come across a few on kamernet over the last couple of days . 
  you may want to check there if you have n't already . 
  best of luck to you , man . 
  cheers man . 
  at least it should be easier to find housing if youre actually out there . 
  but he hit with what he threw . 
  i think the fight could have went either way , but i think joyce landed very few clean punches despite throwing so many . 
  had the fight lasted another two rounds id say joyce would have knocked yoka out though . 
  they fucking love donegal . 
  went to a protestant school , most of my mates are from a protestant background . 
  they all seem to go to donegal whenever they can . 
  dunmore east and bantry are all i remember , i liked them both , probably bantry more though . 
  im guessing it is unfamiliarity with the cause . 
  of they actually knew any of the left-wing or liberal palestinian groups , theyd probably support them instead . 
  i didnt get any , which doesnt make any sense to me becauae i definitely got enough points to get into at least 4 . 
  is it different timings for nordies or have i ( more than likely ) just fucked up my application ? 
  iirc you can still put in a ucas application and go through clearing if you really dont want to do what youve applied for on cao, 
  yeah , says you have no offers at this time . 
  you an a-level student too ? 
  all into round 2 ? 
  fuck sake , someone coulda told us that :p, 
  cheers , man . 
  never seen mondragon mentioned . 
  whats the issue with them ? 
  when did you send it ? 
  according to the other lad i would n't get a response till next week . 
  have you checked online as well ? 
  starting to get the sniffles . 
  think a cold be coming, 
  right , so which norwegian village is putting us out this year ? 
  yep , we do in my house . 
  for the hob and the oven . 
  99 % certain i 'm going to glasgow now for uni after fucking up my application to the netherlands .
