  what did you think of the ref last night ? 
  i thought he had a poor game and gave some decisions very lightly to real ( although not saying he was at all responsible for the win ), 
  than the other major irish papers ? 
  not many , but the times , indo , examiner and news are all right of centre . 
  there is n't left-wing news in ireland outside of the party papers, 
  will do , not sure i 'll have much of a reason to elave the randstad though, 
  get rid of the black card and trial giving a penalty no matter where in the half one of those cynical foul takes place . 
  if you drag down and foul the attacking player give an actual punishment . 
  have to agree with brolly that the black card just is n't a real punishment, 
  smaller than ireland and 10 + million more people . 
  mad craic lads . 
  i do know some people in tilburg studying so you never know ... 
  also might become a mad ado or feyenoord fan too and be on all the away days, 
  beaut, 
  heard a lot of bad things about ado but i guess it 's a completely different crowd now than in the 90s, 
  the politics is a big issue for me tbf . 
  unsurprisingly like a lot of celtic fans i 'm a ~ ~ massively ~ ~ just a little left-wing but if the crowd is n't that bad politically it 'd be sweet . 
  i 'm staying pretty close to ado 's ground so they 're definitely easiest to get to . 
  i really ca n't see me travelling any further than rotterdam to watch football, 
  you know if there are any lower league sides with decent atmosphere ? 
  definitely a couple of societies in uog, 
  really want to see him in hoops . 
  it is to punish cynical fouling . 
  the player who received it would be sent off but could be substituted . 
  it was introduced 3-4 years ago i think, 
  derry 's performance caused my da to literally storm out of the house and not speak to anyone for hours, 
  weird question but i guess they 're iconic in football culture . 
  does anyone have some of the og style hamburgs ? 
  i 'd love a pair of [ these ] ( http://www.80scasualclassics.co.uk/images/adidas-hamburg-white-leather-trainers-gum-sole-p3873-46638_image.jpg ) but they 're near impossible to find now, 
  den haag , like 5 mins from the central station . 
  defo would n't have a car, 
  daily mail is in terms of paper + online , scum is for just the print circulation, 
  ca n't wait for that man, 
  but in the mean time just get everyone to start buying the morning star, 
  also valid, 
  the huns, 
  and killie and motherwell and all the fucking teuchters behind them, 
  tyskie or kornenbourg ( ? ), 
  100 % hope the bhoys come here to belfast . 
  would be sweet beating the irish huns, 
  you say it 's another tabloid newspaper like it is even remotely similar to the scum , mail , express or mirror, 
  do you know what the morning star - or a tabloid for that matter - is ? 
  the ballot box & armalite, 
  big fan . 
  most here are great lads . 
  i 'm particularly fond of the ahmadiyyas, 
  head to uganda lad , they 'll love you, 
  the koran is really no different to the bible . 
  you seem to have issues with the teachings in the hadiths , many of which are cultural addons in later years than any actual feature of islam, 
  only 40 % of british muslims want sharia law introduced , and of those the majority to not want wahhabi style sharia law, 
  i 'm pretty sure you have absolutely no idea about islam do you ? 
  you do know shitloads of irish christians want similar shit ? 
  and mind giving me a link ? 
  have n't found a single figure that shows more than 45 %, 
  what hardline muslim has been elected in britain or ireland ? 
  none would be the answer . 
  conversely , dup , tuv , uup , ukip and bnp ( and some more like the english democrats are whatever their name is ) all have elected officials, 
  well you have displayed an hilarious lack of knowledge on the religion so far and a massive level of hypocrisy with your attitudes towards islam compared to other major abrahamic religions, 
  you said they have been elected . 
  closest i can find is the mayor of tower hamlets and he 's more a career criminal than islamist, 
  nope . 
  we do have a christian homophobic not-quite-so-murder-anymore-but-not-against-it problem up here in the north though, 
  killed by a lad with an understanding of islam of similar levels to yourself . 
  wahhabist groups follow beliefs no where close to those taught in the bible, 
  muslims you absolute spacker, 
  it is n't a literal interpretation of the quran , not even close . 
  they follow pretty modern hadiths from the nejd , not the quran . 
  even at the most obvious level , they are incredibly fond of suicide and killing , the one and two most grievous and unforgivable sins in islam, 
  muslims are n't preaching that you should be dead , a very tiny number of mad wahhabis are . 
  and i would have an objection if you were massively misunderstanding and misrepresenting christian beliefs . 
  absolute disgrace to your true ulster brethren, 
  that billy bragg album is fantastic, 
  is 30k really big enough if you want to be holding cup finals though ? 
  ibrox definitely needs money put into it though . 
  not really how you want to be showing off scotland, 
  meant the stadium . 
  if it is getting work done then fair enough , did n't know that, 
  i 'd go to any size with decent support really . 
  i 'd prefer to stay in den haag but getting to a feyenoord match is something i really wan na do , do n't know how hard/easy it is to get a ticket though, 
  probably will just head to ado then . 
  cheers man, 
  will do !, 
  sorry to hear , man . 
  similar with cameron and villa . 
  sounds good to many to say you 're like so many normal people but he could n't really give a flying fuck . 
  the draft system is not remotely socialist, 
  slightly different , that 's a draft system with chinese characteristics, 
  anti , no question about it, 
  probably depends massively on the subject like but the lads ive met that did lc spanish seem to know fuck all, 
  it says ` duck season ', 
  yes , meet me and the lads at teach d\u00e1ith\u00ed \u00d3 conaill , 223 parnell street , dublin 1 for some peaceful , non physical force republican fun, 
  doubt this lad is a liberal , mate, 
  i 'd be pissed if sinn f\u00e9in take their seats . 
  not what i voted for . 
  loads i know but i think it 's very much a regional thing, 
  i did n't vote sinn f\u00e9in for them to give legitimacy to the british occupation of ireland , i voted for them to be a republican candidate . 
  if they were going to take their seats i would have rather spoiled my ballot or maybe voted green . 
  at least a green vote might get recycled after, 
  do n't see how taking their seats would achieve that anyway . 
  for them even to get the chance to join a labour coalition the tories would have to fail to make one themselves , so it would n't make much of a difference anyway .
