  antrim being the exception to that . 
  christ , if only we were back in those days again . 
  no willie , no jamie bryson . 
  would n't it be lovely ... 
  why was tipperary allowed to compete ? 
  the edge off you , mate, 
  why 's there no tones song about this true hero of the republic ? 
  calm yerself son . 
  you have christmas and my birthday before then to worry about . 
  i think we can learn a lot from the basques to be honest . 
  having one central dialect everyone uses , at least for teaching , instead of the 3 ( is it more ? ), 
  spoken here . 
  yeah ? 
  well i 've tried speaking my ( highly limited ) irish to people from the south and they could n't understand a word of it . 
  apparently ye do n't say `` cad \u00e9 mara at\u00e1 t\u00fa '' in clare . 
  the lad was taught just in school , i just picked stuff up from my older brother who did it in school up here . 
  ha , you freeshtaters are cute , thinking your nutjobs are near as fucked as ours . 
  agh ye freeshtaters are wild moans, 
  is there boojum in dublin now ? 
  a sweet . 
  how long they been there ? 
  huh . 
  i thought they were just a belfast thing . 
  well , bend me over and call me gerry . 
  does paraguay just not do anything interesting ? 
  i always mix up peligroso and perezoso . 
  if they 're wrecking it , yeah , it is a travesty . 
  honey chili chicken and fried rice, 
  return to ravnica . 
  i absolutely love the flavour of the plane , it 's by far the best in my opinion . 
  hahaha yeah , stuff like that . 
  i humbly invite the holy father to come on a day trip to east belfast while he is in the country . 
  i imagine he means by being a one-mana cantrip . 
  it 's missing 6 counties . 
  love a bit of paddy . 
  remember seeing a great banner at the brandywell of che guevara with mccourt 's face pasted on to it . 
  sometimes we get into the hundreds when people like me can be fucked going to the one or two matches a year we go to . 
  i 'm basically a one-week-a-year derry city fan . 
  if ye do n't like flegs do n't go to loyalist towns . 
  yeah but then you 'd have to go to tyrone and who wants to do that ? 
  the liberal hordes need a good re-educating . 
  they 'll see why we should all love authoritarianism after a good session in the gulag . 
  i really like caoimh\u00edn / kevin and cormac as boys names . 
  edit : like yer man earlier said , emmet is a good name too . 
  i have never heard of a catholic supporting distillery . 
  know quite a few orange order boys that do though ... 
  there appears to be a lost person who has made his way onto the pitch . 
  if anyone knows who this man is , please contact mr and mrs ambrose . 
  remember when we got to see defenders with talent play for celtic like van djik and denayer . 
  those were the days . 
  anyway , ambrose is having a good european campaign . 
  with 2 wins against celtic that is him on 6 points . 
  [ el pueblo unido ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7f_9fex7ymg ), 
  i 've been on an inti illimani binge , they 're great . 
  it 's basically just r/premierleague, 
  celtic are my club . 
  the supporters definitely have a left-wing bent , but i would n't have said communist ( probably the same with st. pauli to be honest ) . 
  we 're probably the only real left-wing choice in scotland though . 
  happoel are a real contrast to their neighbours maccabi, 
  yeah that 's a great album . 
  apart from teaching me about south american communism , it also helps me learn spanish . 
  are their fans not very right-wing ? 
  he 's better than fecking efe . 
  nope , not any more . 
  a * is 180 of next september , so anyone applying for next year is getting 180 for a * , 150 for a and so on . 
  for what it 's worth , queen 's will be significantly cheaper than anywhere in england or scotland . 
  tuition fees in queen 's ( this year coming at least , i was talking to a lecturer who was saying from 2017/2018 it 'll be going up ) are cheaper for people from ireland i 've just found out . 
  just as expensive for yousins in england , my bad . 
  belfast is very very cheap though . 
  yeah i just noticed that . 
  i thought it was the same for everyone . 
  uu is about # 3,000 cheaper though . 
  yeah but they put celtic out of europe so they 're still fascists in my eyes . 
  they are also changing it so a 4th a-level is worth significantly less ( the same as an as i think ) . 
  it 's to make it easier for those who only have 3 . 
  trinity do their own system too , where you can apply for special consideration ( this is a system for northern students only i think ) . 
  that does n't mean we should n't be helping them . 
  4 apparently . 
  would have been 3 but i learn spanish so i kind of have to use tildes . 
  we 'll take him . 
  we 'll even throw in boyata for free . 
  i hope he can make it through this tough time for him . 
  there is something quite iconic about it though . 
  in all honesty what is ? 
  i know it is n't a derby , but st pauli and hansa dont seem to get along, 
  is there ever any trouble at st pauli-hsv matches ? 
  serious ? 
  it 's not a rivalry i 've ever herd much about . 
  not as much as i should of . 
  i 've obviously heard of bayern and 1860 and all that craic , but it never comes across as fierce as inter and ac , el clasico or the old firm, 
  fuck yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees, 
  fuck yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees again !!!!!!!!!, 
  danke mr german !, 
  i 've never been so happy . 
  i did n't know it could get better than beating germany 1-1 but now we 've gone and done it . 
  i think christmas present is sorted now . 
  anti-irish racism is very popular with certain sections of the community in scotland and up here in belfast . 
  [ shhh , they 're on our side ] ( https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpa1/v/t1.0-9/12112449_427399590798331_2042455963466934245_n.jpg?oh=c4537a8cbe229184e4fa97cb4aa6a91f&amp;oe=569f39a7 ), 
  hey , i like to see the north loose , but that 's only cus most of my mates are supporters and it 's great craic slegging them . 
  us means me where i live .
