  that 's ok though , i 'll finally be able to go to celtic matches . 
  every cloud has a green and white lining . 
  4th edition for me . 
  i prefer the `` tap to add wubrg '' to the mana symbol, 
  only onw of my mates has that i know of . 
  phoned a lad on friday , said i should know by the end of this week . 
  imagine it 'll be the same for you . 
  good luck on getting a place . 
  the continental on ravenhill is somewhere i never wanted to even drive past , big uvf place it was . 
  closed now though, 
  it 's another romance language closely related to romanian ( i think the main difference is what languages influenced it - romanian influenced by slavic languages and aromanian by greek - but i 'm not quite sure ) . 
  iirc speakers were called vlachs by their neighbours , as were romanians . 
  nah , we always spell the drink barrick, 
  when did you hear ? 
  i keep getting told `` you 'll know in the next few days '' . 
  glass bottles of irn bru ? 
  well now i 'm proper excited to be moving to scotland on saturday, 
  i just got offered a place for wolfson hall , which i did n't even apply to . 
  place looks like a fucking dump so ive went for my own accommodation, 
  and planeswalkers ? 
  or is that technically a different rule ? 
  hey , i 'm planning on doing exactly the same languages at uni . 
  itd be cool to hear peoples input on how to keep them separate , especially spanish and portuguese, 
  it is only one turn between playing and ultying , but i 'm not sure if the ultimate is worth the cost . 
  if the format slows down a decent bit or the next set is big on lands it could be strong, 
  depends on the mood like but recently honey chilli chicken half and half, 
  depends on the place , like with any chinese . 
  one i was in on sunday was far too sweet . 
  the takeaway i normally go too is beaut though , especially when they cook the chicken for ages and make it nice and crispy . 
  not too sweet and with a decent kick of chilli . 
  the sauce is just right for chips too . 
  great . 
  my knowledge of chinese cuisine comes exclusively from our local belfast chinese community . 
  just ca n't get enough to be honest . 
  is there any conflict with partick ? 
  just moved to glasgow and wont be that far from them . 
  take it their fans have no preference celtic or rangers, 
  so as long as i dont make ridiculously obvious im a celtic fan itd be sweet ? 
  just after m14 , but did n't play an actual prerelease till journey i think, 
  just moved to glasgow for uni . 
  not sure what to make of it but we 'll see how it goes . 
  i 'll need to find somewhere for the all-ireland next week, 
  cheers man . 
  took a quick look in the pub down the road . 
  presents itself as while gallic , so i had hopes , but the lad behind the bar had never even heard of gaa , so that was that . 
  pints seem much cheaper than back in belfast though , so i mean defl could be worse, 
  hertha had a good first half to last season right ? 
  whatre their chances like ? 
  now they know how we feel after what they did to us, 
  iirc c in turkish is pronounced like j while c with the little line below it is ch, 
  some day we 'll be able to shitpost about mccourt 's grandson scoring at the brandywell in the european groupstages . 
  i can see it now . 
  and if god spares me ill be back there to see it, 
  moved here last week . 
  this place may as well be in the fucking med how hot it is . 
  i miss belfast weather . 
  im in halls in glasgow full of chinese lads too . 
  theyre a good bit older like but if you get to knlw them theyre actually good craic like . 
  not sure theyll be great for helping ye with the english though, 
  dublin to run away with it . 
  at least a nine point win if not more . 
  fucking perfect that is . 
  let the sesh roll on . 
  love all ireland draws as a neutral, 
  im basically always a neutral too , unless it is donegal or tyrone there . 
  anyone but them . 
  cus not every club is getting the amount of money they want for the upgrades they want to do to their facilities . 
  doing up a gaa ground takes a lot more money than you think and there 's a lot of fucking clubs in ireland . 
  except if you 'd ever been actually involved with soccer or rugby clubs you 'd know they do exactly the same too because they do n't get enough money from the irfu or fai either . 
  how the fuck do you think they are meant to pay for themselves ? 
  aye , did you see the last old firm there though ? 
  no , anti tyrone and donegal . 
  i 'm from down but have always supported derry due to family . 
  wish this came earlier , my old school is there and i would have done arabic no sweat like . 
  with rayo gone betis have easily the best kit in la liga ( no colour bias here at all though ) . 
  still here people talk seriously about banshees even now , although they 're basically always aul ones . 
  iirc 4 serum visions , 4 g probe and 4 of either thought scour or sleight of hand are the only blue spells . 
  i 'm surprised the culchies can spell finn harps right . 
  just moved here , which shop is the best for mtg here ? 
  is there anywhere decent to get a notso expensive roast round the westend ? 
  just moved here and im prpperly dying for a roast like . 
  i just want fuck loads of potatoes and gravy, 
  not a food , but brown sauce . 
  just everything about it fucking turns me like, 
  ive found it in other stuff to be fine . 
  like taco sauce is fucking beaut and even that cajun mayonnaise stuff fancy places give you . 
  but normal mayonnaise i cant stand either, 
  cheers man . 
  are the lads in geek retreat ok of you know ? 
  closest place to us by the looks of it, 
  cheers man . 
  not sure anyones playing early tomorrow , are those two ones you mentioned fine outside match days ? 
  smiddy for us then i guess . 
  good to know that so i do n't wander in the wrong one drunk some day :p, 
  i 'll take a look at the others you mentioned though , but i 'm not too bothered about being surrounded by aul ones as long as i get a decent feed, 
  i 'm sure theyre the same stories you here from every card shop i guess . 
  i 'll give a look at it and geekaboo though and see which is more tolerable for an fnm and the like . 
  cheers man . 
  saturday , is it not, 
  thompson 's signature blend , black .
