  im part of ones for the hague , which you might want to check out if you can get nothing in leiden, 
  was an ustase greeting . 
  like the croatia equivalent of sieg heil, 
  republican sinn f\u00e9in is completely abstentionist and supports the continuation of physical force republicanism . 
  they also have , at various points and occasionally at the same time , supported both left-wing and seemingly highly conservative political view points . 
  bit weird . 
  this particular canadian is using it anyway, 
  how do you end up supporting caley thistle if youre not a native english speaker, 
  i 'm so sorry you 're moving to inverness , mate, 
  needs to be banned . 
  just makes the huge housing issues here and in britain worse . 
  happy it has n't caught on so much in belfast, 
  easy shit , man . 
  should be finishing that exam in like 30-40 minutes . 
  source : u in as maths, 
  they let me leave my maths exams after 45 minutes . 
  guess they felt sorry for me or something, 
  literally the only liveable place in scotland, 
  genuinely dreaming of the day one of them will invite us over . 
  similarly , what about the van der kerkhof twins ? 
  edinburgh is too full of english, 
  been listening to lots more classic metal recently . 
  witchfinder general have to be one of the most underappreciated bands in metal history, 
  the cover for [ friends of hell ] ( https://mvdb2b.com/i/300dpi/hmrxd13.jpg ) is similar but somehow manages to get sillier . 
  nsfw also, 
  never been a big fan of american power metal . 
  love me some blind guardian an rhapsody of fire, 
  i 'm moving to holland in a couple of months and the amount of amazing metal bands that play there regularly has me really excited, 
  like what i 've hear of them but never spent a lot of time listening to them . 
  added them to the playlist, 
  every band i like comes up as playing at least 1 if not more gigs in holland . 
  barely get any here in ireland, 
  university of leiden but the course i 've applied to is taught in den haag, 
  the only muslims i know area my friends ; none of my neighbours are, 
  got offered 20/1 on germany to beat cameroon , was going to stick money on it but made a sandwich and forgot . 
  anyone else do shit with bets ? 
  really pissed i didnt even stick a tenner on it . 
  i 'm from belfast and say i 'm going up to dublin . 
  does n't have to make sense, 
  never heard of this `` london `` derry, 
  that 's some vanilla shit right there . 
  i like my tea black, 
  know far more people that just support liverpool or united than actually support celtic nowadays, 
  train to dublin , bus to glendalough ? 
  thompson 's is what real irish men drink, 
  most irish blends are made from assam tea ( from north india although also commonly grown in kenya ), 
  my portuguese textbook ( which has both continental and brasilian portuguese ) says things like :, 
  excuse the accents . 
  it also tells you all the vocab needed for going to the beach pretty early . 
  sorry , that might be the one i 'm not part of . 
  it does say you can message the mods and ask to be added if you do n't have a friend in the group though . 
  good luck !, 
  i think my progress in portunol has been better than my portuguese :p, 
  canadians can be nazis too , man, 
  used to play a lot of gaelic football but not anymore . 
  want to get back into sports when i 'm at uni again ; handball ( the european kind ) looks fun, 
  yep . 
  donegal is n't big hurling country but if you 're over during the summer you 'll find a game somewhere . 
  we 're in the middle of the season right now, 
  what about vasco ? 
  they were relegated one or two times in recent years yeah ? 
  most of the only few other pics i can see of it do n't have any date but one says it 's the 2010/11 training shirt, 
  literally could n't be further from these two clubs, 
  he cut the tories 20 + point lead in 3 months and is now , according to several recent polls , 5 points ahead . 
  i mean the tories were 100 seats ahead before he was leader and lost in a centrist wilderness , now they have an identity with a leader who certainly looks like he can lead them back to power as he actually stands for the beliefs and interests of core labour voters, 
  anyone know where i can get the [ moldova kit ] ( https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-aowlthwu6ca/v97n0wepzti/aaaaaaabbm0/9cly50b39m0yhs5kbpw35d3te3zlju_laclcb/s1600/unique-moldova-2016-2017-kits.jpg ) they used in the qualifiers so far ? 
  if theyre basing usage off the bus system that 's no shock , translink is pure shite, 
  tried that on their websites across a bunch of different languages . 
  have n't found a thing so far, 
  is this the people who 've apparently been moving out/kicked out of dynamo dresden ? 
  great to see luxembourgish football progress souch in recent years . 
  great win for the smaller countries of europe, 
  they 're all off to cumbernauld to go watch clyde, 
  finally got a house in den haag , honestly ca n't wait to move to holland like, 
  really want to try and get down to one . 
  apparently hvv have a team organised for people on my uni course so maybe i can end up playing for eredivisie champions too :p, 
  lazy postman . 
  happens to me all the time with royal mail . 
  my postman has never once knocked the doorbell or rang . 
  he just sends it back to the depot any time we get a package . 
  anyone know any of these low fat , low calorie black puddings the article talks about ? 
  cool to see posts from home . 
  how do you find cycling here ? 
  it 's sausage meat and potatoes mixed together in our , proper , pasties, 
  they 're alright . 
  bit of spice in them so they are n't too bland , but they 're nothing special, 
  they 're beaut air max tbf to him, 
  some.of the vegetarian haggis is good . 
  not the same but similar, 
  i can get it in sainburys here in belfast, 
  i saw the turkish republic of northern cyprus once . 
  im rrally curious where they even get half the flags . 
  always a lad with a greenland flag too, 
  i mean i get why , they just always seem to pick the most obscure red and white flag . 
  lol thought the same thing when i saw that post earlier, 
  an irish good bye is saying it 6 times :(, 
  cus it was actually the fucking turnips that got the blight, 
  irish potato culture is a lie, 
  hey i 'm moving to den haag ( from belfast ) in august for studying too . 
  have you set up a bank account for paying rent or anything ?
