  it 's 100 % a political statement . 
  if it just remembered brit soldiers that fought in the world wars , fine i guess , but it does n't . 
  it remembers the soldiers that shot their way through kenya and ireland as much as it does those in france and belgium . 
  for a ni fan to say it 's not political is especially ridiculous . 
  they remember all british soldiers since 1914 , even those still serving . 
  the act of remembering those soldiers is in a way condoning , at least in part , their actions . 
  i , and many many more irish people like me refuse to wear one because they are remembering those soliders that came to ireland and committed countless atrocities , both in the war of independence and in the troubles . 
  that 's why it 's a political statement here and i 'm sure why it 's a political statement in other parts of the world that have had to deal with british imperialism . 
  we got done for flying palestinian flags in iceland . 
  that was still clearly a political statement despite it being no where near israel . 
  if we are n't allowed to make that political statement i do n't know why england should be allowed to make this one . 
  yeah , they never came home because a british soldier shot them in the head in derry . 
  that 's what they represent for us . 
  it 's clearly much more than just remembering soldiers , especially now a days . 
  and many of those conflicts still have massive political implications , like ireland and like the falklands , which fellow fifa members will not be overly happy about . 
   wearing the poppy for me is paying respects to the soldiers who honourably laid down their lives for us , not supporting the murder of innocent people . 
  and where do you get to define what it represents ? 
  it represents all soldiers , not just those who `` honourably laid down their lives '' , but those who went around murdering people in ireland just for their religion too . 
   who are these people who wear poppies because they love the fact that britain committed war crimes ? 
  come to belfast , ballymena , bangor , newtonards . 
  basically come to where i 'm from . 
  just because it is n't a political issue in england does n't mean it is n't in other parts of the world . 
  i know they are n't , but your pm has said it 's a disgrace and that 's what this argument has been about . 
  i know what fifa has said and i 100 % agree with them . 
  fair point . 
  my mistake , although the same principle applies . 
  i 've certainly encountered those who take no issue with british government actions in ireland and when they argued with me about not wearing a poppy did n't give a fuck about what they did `` cus who cares about taigs '', 
  because they say it represents all soldiers , not just the `` honourable '' ones . 
  yeah but in our defence many of us live pretty damn close to these teams , in the case of us , united ad liverpool we regularly attend games in large numbers and many of us have close relations to the teams , especially with there being many irish there living . 
  lol . 
  i used to travel to as many dcfc matches as i could and im from fecking belfast . 
  brandywell is great craic . 
  have found memories of watching farren and mccourt dismantling st. pats, 
  god forbid you order bulmers up here . 
  no one wants to being hearing that . 
  they fined ( or are in the process of fining ) argentina over a big `` las malvinas son argentinas '' banner they put up in a friendly against slovenia . 
  i 'm not sure being a friendly match really matters . 
  fishermen make fuckloads do they not ? 
  or have i just been tricked by trawlermen . 
  a sixth , mate, 
  and there 's 6.3 million in ireland . 
  it 's an offensively bad shirt , but that 's about the height of it . 
  i hope to fuck they do n't . 
  only reason i voted sinn f\u00e9in last time is because of their abstentionist policies . 
  you ever been to those semi-pro wrestling nights here ? 
  heard they 're absolute mad craic . 
  was one not knocked out by an old 20mm anti-tank rifle ? 
  i remember reading about how an m1 got knocked out in the first gulf war after it 's fuel line got hit and the could n't put out the fire . 
  free dairy produce is our forte, 
  do you call it just gasteiz or vitoria-gasteiz ? 
  so it doesnt really have a basque name ? 
  i alwayd assume gasteiz was basque from the sound of the word . 
  all i know is rock radical vasco tells me its a fake capital, 
  ive seen haggis curry here and i ` vr only been living in scotland 3 months . 
  i 've also seen haggis pakoras which i 've yet to try but sounds delicious . 
  the scottish-indian fusion is far , far better than you 'd first think . 
  i 've barely watched a greek football match in the last 5 years and i still hate olympiakos . 
  you really do n't have to watch something to dislike it . 
  it 's not wear , it 's more * culchur *, 
  because liverpool , glasgow and oz never existed . 
  no way in hell he is a nordie . 
  he sounds quite like neil delamere, 
  do we not have one native species that 's endangered though ? 
  it 's the worst i 've seen in a while like, 
  i 'm not a fan of ufc in the slightest but god i might watch this fight now . 
  want to see that smug alvarez cunt get his head kicked in . 
  for every mexican making them , theres 10 yanks buying it . 
  they always seem to forget theyre te consumers . 
  aye , cus we in belfasthad to be all gentle to come even close to acheiving equal rights . 
  fucking cracking match . 
  bring on the welsh , we 'll sort them out as well, 
  hibernia is the latin name for ireland . 
  caledonia is the latin name for scotland . 
  basically , yeah , at least in spain . 
  lots of those teams were also forced to either remove `` sporting '' or `` athletic '' from their name or change it to spanish during franco 's dictatorship . 
  his government definitely had a big impact on names and to some extent the success of real madrid and the relative success of espanyol , but beyond that i 'm not really sure . 
  outside of spain you 'll also find clubs with english names , like liverpool in uruguay , who i think got their name from coal boats coming to montevideo from liverpool . 
  is she from a catholic background as well ? 
  cus that would make it even more insane . 
  doc marten 's ? 
  they 're always pretty fashionable enough . 
  ah , well , that explains it . 
  my dm 's are waterproof enough like , at least for what we get in ireland , unless you want to go stamp through every single puddle you see . 
  ah sure dubs are all culchies . 
  everyone outside of belfast is , man . 
  definitely changing , even at school level . 
  you 'll find a much broader range of people in both club teams now and at ravenhill than you would have 20 years ago . 
  damn bastards . 
  why ca n't we have the good old nationalists back , like connolly or larkin, 
  hey , spring onion is a well established tayto flavour . 
  do n't go slabbering, 
  uber is about 3-4 times the price of a normal taxi in glasgow and also takes the absolute piss when it comes to workers rights . 
  never use them . 
  there isnt one . 
  but for some reason people keep using them, 
  it 's not shite mate . 
  it 's defo not the best pudding going like but i still wouldnt moan to see a nice being helping of it on me plate when i wake up, 
  my brothers the opposite of the first one to be fair . 
  insists yer a stupid wanker if ye dont like heiniken, 
  you get oranges , mandarins , tangerines and clementines here .
