  it rains a lot more here . 
  ye probably went to kerry , cork , or god forbid , dublin * shudders * . 
  of course it is never going to happen . 
  but someone needs to be a cunt on the internet otherwise what is th point . 
  just to make sure , you do know i am not being entirely serious here , right ? 
  something to replace my arbor colossus . 
  god i hate that card . 
  looks ok though , zendikar is exciting though . 
  edit : it seems like my hatred for arbor colussus is a irrational as i thought it was . 
  in my mono green deck i either get ridiculous amounts of mana , or 4 . 
  when i get 4 mana i always get at least 3 arbor coloussuses . 
  always . 
  no exception to this . 
  i always get stuck with a hand full of 5 drops . 
  i 'd post my deck list too if you want , it should n't happen , but it does . 
  it 's really fucking annoying . 
  yeah i know . 
  but it 's always the arbor colossus . 
  always . 
  never a hand full of kalonian hydras and garruks . 
  just the arbor colossus . 
  actually the last time i was at fnm , my draws from turn 4 onwards ( when i was at 4 mana and already had an arbor colossus in hand ) were colossus , colossus , hydra , colossus . 
  the only reason it went on that long was the fact he ran out of burn spells for a while . 
  big dog ... little dog . 
  as a freakishly large child ( 6 foot 5 by the time i was 16 ) i grew to appreciate that maybe little people are ok for things from this book . 
  my name is lynch . 
  i know that has nothing to do with getting this disease but i 'm now suddenly terrified of having colon cancer . 
  this is n't good . 
  at least you 've raised awareness in someone !, 
  learned this from airplane !, 
  and people told me that movie was silly . 
  that 's what my deck plans to do . 
  with less coursers and caryatids and more burning trees and tuskers though . 
  this has been a bit crap . 
  hopefully things get better in the second half . 
  real madrid really need to sort out the midfield . 
  but 1st place in fun levels when you got garruk out . 
  well `` let 's go lie on the ground '' is about to win the cl . 
  what a fucking shame . 
  you have a balanced view do n't you . 
  being english he 'll inevitably want a scone though , and he 'll get quite confused with what you hand him . 
  you 're really just a bit of a cunt are n't ye ? 
  are the novels not only still in polish though , or have they been translated ? 
  ive found maze 's end , white weenie and rdw to be my worst match ups . 
  friends, 
  started out hating him , then as time went on i realised how awesome he is . 
  well he was playing a weird one , he just eidolon thing that meant it hurt to play my stuff , then a bunch of burning trees into fanatic just killed me . 
  plus i simply have no way of dealing with a boros reckoner . 
  i also do n't play courser, 
  typing in awesome magic wallpapers onto google got me to this . 
  some of them might interest you , a few of them are definitely awesome . 
  this was my favourite http://crispme.com/wp-content/uploads/wp_crusade_2560x1600.jpg?pass, 
  no problem man !, 
  oh god . 
  i realise what i may just have done . 
  fanboys could be everywhere . 
  well , i must learn from my mistakes . 
  that just sounds way too powerful , every ability does . 
  temple garden would be an obvious improvement over the guildgate if you can get them, 
  how about noooooooooooo, 
  can i have your job ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  it 's not inactive , i just want everyone to join the cardboard crack community . 
  i hate control decks with a passion , but i 'd never be a dick towards someone playing one , unless i knew them and it was all in a comic tone . 
  i may not like control because i prefer hitting you in the face with a 10000/10000 hydra , but that does n't mean i play magic right and you play it wrong . 
  you can go and find your best deck off the internet , it should n't make a difference . 
  the hate people who play competitive decks is ridiculous . 
  thankfully it does n't happen with our fnm . 
  but it should n't happen at all . 
  good luck to you and your control deck , you are playing magic just the same as everyone else , no hatred required . 
  i 'd take their stack of commons , build a deck from it and then beat them with said deck . 
  then you can just have a big smug look the entire time . 
  i do n't like it . 
  now , if it changed them to forests ... . 
  soldier of the pantheon is a white card i am very fond of . 
  i see so much of this on reddit , it makes me genuinely happy that my lgs is not like this in the slightest . 
  i guess i 'm just lucky . 
  agh i hate would despise this so much , control decks in general are slow , but with a kid doing this i would just concede ( we do n't have a judge at my lgs so i ca n't go and call one ) . 
  but i guess just being a inherently aggressive person , aggro just appeals to me . 
  really ? 
  well he asks us for rules as much as i do ( we both started around the same time so i guess that makes sense ) . 
  hmm , i did n't know that , thanks . 
  we have someone training to be a judge though , so we do just ask him in most cases . 
  he 's not overly powerful , but for a one drop he 's nice to have out , can really screw me over when i play my green deck and have a bunch of burning-tree emissaries out . 
  dragon shields . 
  normal ultra-pros are the only other ones , and , well , they suck . 
  legion 's initiative might be good . 
  yep . 
  you are correct . 
  true , but +1 / +1 for 2 mana still is n't that bad . 
  plus it 's cheap . 
  while an excellent tv show , truly fantastic , it was n't actually true . 
  they gave you a months warning of their arrival . 
  which makes you think that those that died were n't particularly smart . 
  they were and are , they still exist , a fact that surprised me , although i have n't seen any evidence of it here in ireland , and we 're all catholics . 
  ( i know we are n't all catholic , but i 'm speaking in stereotypes here . ), 
  that 's what you think . 
  you do n't know what we get up to ... . 
  bollocks , i 'm not one to compliment my neighbours across the irish sea , but they do make some damn nice food . 
  you 're a truly inspirational man .
