  i also want a maro vs. lsv pun-off . 
  good lord does wicklow look beautiful . 
  he saw some pretty solid play at the pro-tour . 
  i actually kind of like 90s style of kit , there 's a charm about them, 
  i agree with podcat completely . 
  i think i 'd feel a little uncomfortable playing with the nazi flag . 
  but if i really wanted to i could just spend 5 seconds and change the files . 
  there really should n't be any argument about this . 
  they just love us so much clearly . 
  the junk scry lands and temple of abandon and banishing lights . 
  maybe an elspeth if i find it cheap . 
  but i kind of want to get into modern with something cheap like tron , so that could limit funds . 
  what the feck happened to them ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  nor is iran enemies of sryia , that map is bollocks . 
  apart from isis being the nids . 
  they are the real life nids . 
  i count 4 . 
  aetherspouts is the m15 ( blue at the top ) . 
  courser , kruphix himself , aetherspouts and the cerberus . 
  op - you did pretty damn well . 
  nope , part of an uncommon cycle . 
  you might be confused with eidolon of countless battles , the art looks kind of similar . 
  two weeks from monday i think is what maro said . 
  what about infect ? 
  or is it more expensive than i think ? 
  well then , not infect . 
  i had it in my head infect was like $ 70ish , for a good deck . 
  that 's like the price of 1 misty , so i was clearly way off . 
  no , both are standard legal . 
  aww that looks awesome !, 
  there 's just something about the world of ravnica that i love . 
  ah , cheers man , il give it a look, 
  i 'd love manlands too . 
  good thing they decided to change it to the most beautiful maps of all their games . 
  the hoi3 map is horrible , i have to agree . 
  personally i 'd have been happier if they went for a vicky style map for everything , but again they might just want to keep that style of map for that series . 
  stone-tongue basilisk . 
  the set number is at the bottom . 
  you 've gotten a taste for the cardboard crack , my friend . 
  voyaging satyrs . 
  it 's all about the voyaging satyrs, 
  that 's a really incredible picture . 
  the lack of clouds is just weird . 
  it 's really more about reading something funny at this point than it is about news . 
  i still buy it every month , but more because it 's a very entertaining magazine than for gaming news . 
  jes\u00fas , and it only happened less than a year ago . 
  i know it 's a tiny country , but that 's an impressively long time . 
  if only we all had those rates . 
  well now he just has to do the temur challenge . 
  they do n't really give a shit . 
  when i talk to my da and he says he does n't understand it , i just say i do n't understand how he plays golf , and well , that settles that . 
  you get the odd arsehole at fnm , but you get them everywhere . 
  from my experience with the magic community it 's an exceptionally nice one . 
  you just seem to have played against one of the bad ones , it happens . 
  yeah as others said there , thats just bollocks . 
  the guy is obviously just an asshole . 
  if that was the case with the amount of times ive called my kalonian tusker a kalonianhydra , im not sure id ever have won a game . 
  mark rosewater , head designer of magic . 
  have you ever met hector \u00d3 heochag\u00e1in ? 
  have you ever been to nober ? 
  maro just has to do the banana challenge . 
  i vote for the tayto flag . 
  woo that was much better than `` the game '' . 
  my excitement has picked up again for this . 
  we 've seen 4 cards and they suck !?!?!?!?!?!? 
  worst . 
  set . 
  ever . 
  yeah i 'm a big fan of both , i think zurgo is a good card , although he might me too expensive to be competitive , but i think we have to wait till we see all the cards to really say that . 
  we 've seen what , 6 cards , 7 at most ? 
  you ca n't judge an entire set from that amount of cards . 
  i 'm catholic , and we love it too , but shhh , do n't tell anyone . 
  at first i was a little annoyed that i 'd get `` less value '' out of buying some kot , but if it means more actually good and exciting sets over 6 more months of does become a stale standard , then i 'm all for it . 
  really excited for what this brings . 
  i just love ravnica , everything about it , the flavour , the cards , the guilds , it 's just an amazing world . 
  domri rade probably wo n't be here , he 's only just rotating out . 
  it 's possible yeah , but i 'd say the chances are rather slim . 
  i love the abzan art style !, 
  easily my favourite . 
  out of curiosity is there any reason to play day of judgement over wrath of god ? 
  well he was n't running any and i do n't see anyway he can regen his creatures , but again i could be wrong on that last point . 
  yeah that is a fair point i suppose . 
  well , that answers that . 
  thanks . 
  sarkhan , nicol bolas and gideon for me . 
  no particular reason , i just have a feeling . 
  although you could use the same logic against him that i used against domri being there , so maybe i should rethink gideon . 
  it 's , it 's, 
  it 's beautiful . 
  or bed-time . 
  but i need my beauty sleep for bear punching . 
  someone said 7pm pst ( i think that 's the abbreviation , whatever it is for the western united states ) in another post . 
  elvish mystic . 
  i love elvish mystic . 
  hey , it 's good to learn . 
  pst just sounded right in my head , i did n't know what it was , i live in ireland so it 's not a timezone i often come across . 
  r.i.p you brave lizard cosmonauts . 
  we 're wild feckers , aye , that we are . 
  you do n't need lands when your deck has 23 krenkos .
