  if he 'd went to celtic earlier in his carrier he might have been a much bigger player . 
  he just went to late to be prepared to get up to the level of fitness required for the spl . 
  i only had a general and got attacked by an army of about 1800 gauls . 
  i auto resolved and won , lost about 3 men and killed like 1700 . 
  it was the proudest moment of my tw career . 
  yeah . 
  was this a common enough sort of event ? 
  it only happened to me once in 1000 + hours, 
  they were a mix of warbands , swrodsmen and skirmishers if my memory serves me . 
  agh leave him be , he tried his best . 
  send them to me . 
  what is this ? 
  if the land it fetched for entered tapped that would be better . 
  it would just be a better land than a normal one though , but at least it would n't be crazy with landfall . 
  get rid of the guild gates and replace them with blood crypts, 
  trostani is not amused . 
  awesome , being irish i 've been hoping the next set would be based of the celts ( however unlikely it would be ) . 
  of course there would need to be some insane card for c\u00fa chulainn , like something really awesome . 
  a innistrad like flip card might even work . 
  also , just because he is in my name , conchobar macnessa . 
  i 'll just copy my post from / r/magictcg, 
  awesome , being irish i 've been hoping the next set would be based of the celts ( however unlikely it would be ) . 
  of course there would need to be some insane card for c\u00fa chulainn , like something really awesome . 
  a innistrad like flip card might even work . 
  also , just because he is in my n, 
  i am a fan . 
  bitter reunion is amazing . 
  great cards . 
  i made a few crappy celtic based cards for my own amusement . 
  they are n't great but here they are anyway . 
  ( ignore spelling , there are some mistakes , like the names are different when they should n't be , only noticed that when i uploaded ), 
  it 's an interesting take on it . 
  i like it , but i 'm not so sure about slitherhead and spire tracer . 
  i 'm not so sure that heroic is the way to go if you want a fast aggro deck . 
  firedrinker satyr would be better . 
  have you thought of cards like kalonian tusker or brushstrider ? 
  the latter made it 's way into some quite decent mono-green aggro decks . 
  tusker may be a bit too green but it 's definitely a great card if you can fit it in . 
  oh , and of course mutavault , but it may be a bit pricey . 
  only 50 % of employees recommended working at wotc ? 
  are they really not a great company to work for ? 
  i imagined it would have been quite fun . 
  yeah , but then again you are more likely to post a bad review online than a good one . 
  ( as in you rarely rate something you like as much as going online to rant about things you hate . 
  fair enough . 
  yeah that 's probably true actually . 
  what 's happened to d&d ? 
  has it gone to shit ? 
  i 've only just started rpgs with pathfinder so i do n't really know much about it . 
  his views , like mine , may be viewed from the perspective of never having used mtgo , but from what i 've heard , it does sound terrible . 
  hopefully it gets fixed soon , or a new version released ( where people would be able to keep their collection , if they could n't that would be ridiculous ) . 
  yeah it really is . 
  i would have thought it would be way higher , but from looking through the reviews it seems to be almost entirely blamed on management , which i can understand . 
  in terms of ea and blizzard , i 've heard of them paying employees to go on the websites and give them good reviews , so they may not be accurate . 
  but still , 17 % lower than ea must be bad . 
  have they just been crap ? 
  that 's what people seem to say , but i 've had a lot of trouble with their customer service before , but maybe i 'm just the exception . 
  which is really really hard to argue with , sadly . 
  they have an embassy in a lot of countries . 
  fair point , thanks . 
  edit : is it a sideboard card then , or just leave it out all together ? 
  will do , thanks . 
  yeah , which sucks . 
  it would n't be broken either . 
  one more damage than a warleader 's helix and without the health bonus is n't ridiculous , plus we need something to replace it come rotation . 
  something to do with lands . 
  i do n't know why , i just think it will be lands matter . 
  and we have khans of tarkir . 
  sarkhan vol, 
  i think -1 / -1 and haste would be more fitting for the +1, 
  if the * set is based around dragons though it should n't be a big deal . 
  getting -1 / -1 for haste on a flying creature until end of turn would n't be terrible . 
  i just feel +1 / +1 and haste is a bit powerful . 
  being from ireland that does n't really make sense to me in terms of football ( of the soccer variety ) . 
  ah , cheers man . 
  he sounds like that in most things he does . 
  his voice is just weird , just look at calvary for another example . 
  he needs to put on that strong voice , having a random dublin accent floating about the show would be really out of place . 
  holy shit is that guy good . 
  i read a military professor ( some military school in england methinks , had a frenchman with him too though ) talk about and invasion of britain . 
  if you take away nukes , very few , if any countries stand any chance , and that includes the usa . 
  they 're shite though , do n't worry about missing out on them . 
  blind guardian is where the shit 's at with power metal . 
  i 've had to do this so much . 
  the pains of mono-green in standard are great . 
  edit : made my original post a little clear for ye, 
  wait a second , i live in ireland , it sure as hell never looks like that . 
  it 's not raining . 
  these cliffs are imposters !, 
  yes . 
  but it 's my opinion . 
  maybe they are n't actually shit , but i 'm not going to say that . 
  i am going to try and indoctrinate the uneducated in metal masses to my viewpoint . 
  it 's what any good cunty-internet-metalhead does . 
  careful now . 
  praise be the high lord hansi, 
  60 + degrees !? 
  were ye in a fucking oven !? 
  oh wait , yer probably american . 
  to be more accurate , i 'm from ulster ( belfast to be specific ) .
