  most of our milking cattle are frisians , which originate in the netherlands . 
  guess they 'd use them there as well, 
  cus so many english fans are obsessed with convincin everyone thy have the best league in the world, 
  i know plenty . 
  all i hear back home in belfast from united and liverpool fans is that scotland is shite , spain is `` easy '' and england 's the best, 
  i feel like i misjudged your comment and havent been paying enough attention to the comments in this thread . 
  my bad, 
  fans of english teams is what i meant, 
  scotland , cus it has celtic . 
  most entertaining league is completely subjective, 
  reeled that one in, 
  they are a sensible bunch tbf, 
  brown  miller, 
  he said there was people on the pitch i thought but could be that, 
  really hope it 's actually you, 
  you 'd hear partick fans singing in firhill over the zombies here, 
  lol . 
  how would an invincible season ever be boring . 
  this is great, 
  get those beautiful boys in hoops, 
  i just cant get enough at all of this, 
  find a celtic guernsey is the only option now then, 
  deila must be loving seeing big dedryck score . 
  beaut, 
  belt it out most matches tbf, 
  i honestly could just watch this all day, 
  he pure does . 
  been trying to think all week of who he reminded me of, 
  season tickets go on sale today at firhill, 
  lol . 
  hamburg flag up in the corner . 
  since when did the huns make german friends too, 
  disgraceful to let that in . 
  getting too complacent, 
  lustig confirmed hunskelper too, 
  did n't know that tbf, 
  more goals in the hun net the better, 
  coming from the yank anol, 
  ref stopped it early to save the huns from more shame . 
  the running track helps hampden feel so massive though, 
  yeah of course , missed the last bit somehow, 
  is anyone else just really fucking enjoying football atm ? 
  celtic are playing so well and am loving it . 
  how is everyone else feeling bout their team right now ? 
  lol . 
  where the fuck were you, 
  and bass is a beer i 've never in my life seen on tap , despite all the signs for it ye see, 
  never been but i 've heard it 's cracking . 
  the one in dundrum is meant to be even better, 
  nah not at all . 
  we may have won last year but we definitely played shite football . 
  so much better to watch this year under rodgers , we 're in a completely different league this year in terms of quality, 
  tbh i was the same till i had some stuff in other restaurants in belfast . 
  we really do have some great fish here in ireland that is massively under appreciated, 
  cheers man , i 'd love it too . 
  enjoy all the drunken lads we 'll be sending over to lisbon next month, 
  we 're going for the treble , going for highest ever points , just had the biggest win at ibrox since 1879 , we 're playing great football with some great players . 
  whats not to love, 
  winnig the league is always great , i can see why itd be a boring league for a neutral though, 
  id rather have a night out in tigers bay than tallaght, 
  yep . 
  i 'm a bit lost on what to learn next . 
  i 'm kinda stuck between turkish , greek , some slavic language , romanian and the more practical option of french , but i also really wan na learn farsi , arabic or hindi, 
  that 's not ulster scots , that 's just how we talk, 
  what 's up with the catholics in holland ? 
  mostly immigrants from brabant etc. 
  or has there always been a largish catholic community there anyway ? 
  i meant specifically in north/south holland, 
  gerry adams , somewhere in south louth , 32 county socialist republic of ireland, 
  murphy 's / beamish tied , guinness miles behind in third, 
  michael stone and dana , 2017 's power couple, 
  you get called a prod if you call it a hurley where im from, 
  aye but it is, 
  that 's class son , but this bird isnt in america now is she, 
  monaco just look so dangerous every time they go forward . 
  a real joy to watch, 
  i kept hearing that monaco had no fans but the atmosphere sounds great on the stream i 'm watching at least, 
  christ what a goal, 
  and that 's with derry city in a much smaller pitch, 
  comrade socrates was a class guy as well . 
  there 's been quite a few really cool italian footballers too , especially at livorno . 
  was it someone here moaning there was one that was like `` 1 donut $ 3 , special offer 8 donuts $ 24 '', 
  serious ? 
  have n't been following the league pure close this year , why 's that ? 
  hopefully the fans can take over the clubs like cork . 
  really hope they do n't en up having no one to support next year cus of shite owners, 
  bring back lula , ca n't get worse than what you have now, 
  rt\u00c9 now has an ed sheeran section on their website no fucking joke . 
  pure madness, 
  kelly 's cellars in belfast, 
  looks good ill be getting a cup final ticket which would be amazing . 
  seeing the treble would be fucking class, 
  if it was n't for spillane and brolly having a go at eachother every sunday there 'd be nothing worth watching, 
  fucking places everywhere are voting torie . 
  is it too much to have hoped the socialists would have made massive gains out of nowhere ? 
  it 's tiny . 
  wolfsburg is n't a big place ( basically just a vw factory ) and it is n't a well liked club in germany, 
  theyre owned by a company unlike most other clubs in germany . 
  same reason most dont like red bull or bayer leverkusen, 
  founded by the companies for the workers as opposed to founded by the workers was it not ?
