  international languages has the higher points total anyway so it seems like putting it above spanish ( as part of the joint honours thing , however this works ) is the better option . 
  i like land alters that are full art but still have the border around the edge , i think it looks nicer . 
  aye , working with the cao is just a pain with the rankings ( but no personal statement so fuck ya ) . 
  cheers man . 
  i 've been on an inti illimani binge lately . 
  [ love this stuff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovy3m37abmy ), 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  im not planning on learning french , spanish and probably portuguese and/or german ( although i see you cant do the later on joint honours with spanish ) . 
  i think it was my uncle ( definitely someone i 'm related to ) pissed beside him once . 
  a proud moment in our family history . 
  you 're damn right it did . 
  well there have been a decent number of protestant irishmen in politics , like paisley or robinson . 
  well on your side of the peace wall , maybe ... 
  wish we had these wee lads in belfast , but the lagan is just too toxic, 
  no idea , its just while dirty . 
  theyve tried but nothing seems to help . 
  no , i 'd take great pride in telling her to fuck aff . 
  i 'd take one from a cool king though , like that boy that sells the mattresses in dublin . 
  is he the lad that has the big billboard near the docks ? 
  aye , thats the one, 
  i think he is like, 
  i know some of these people . 
  first frost a few days ago up here in belfast . 
  hopefully this means just cold weather and not constant rain . 
  i know santos laguna has a friendship with celtic . 
  what 's the mexican opinion of them ? 
  cheera for the reply . 
  i more meant the opinion of santos laguna in mexico, 
  if you 're doing something language related at uni look at summer language courses . 
  useful and i 've heard they 're good craic . 
  interrailing is a fair shout as well . 
  i think i remember a young lad in tyrone over something similar . 
  having a team of an organisation that actively went out to kill members of the gaa might not be an idea that some like . 
  i think im now in favour of letting them in just to have this happen, 
  just so you know , this is the party paper of the left-wing party [ sinn f\u00e9in ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinn_f%c3%a9in ), 
  basically every popular newspaper in ireland is ` the other side ', 
  its an alligation i can see being made , althougj i think it is more centre-left masquerading as left-wing, 
  angels vs demons i think, 
  edit : divine vs demonic is its name, 
  some lass from nuig told us that you do n't have to do your courses until june 1st . 
  yeah that would make more sense like . 
  cheers for that handbook thingy as well like . 
  and even quite a few people here ( ireland ) watch it as well . 
  not sure what the crossover is between american football and magic though , i imagine small like, 
  really depends on the course you want to do, 
  are those photoshopped or are you some sort of bacon god ? 
  alright . 
  still need to finish the letter of motivation for my dutch uni application which is a bit of a melt cus im shite at writing about meself , but other than that i cant complain, 
  it 's didi slowly looking up from his phone is what gets me from this, 
  because celtic has a meaning beyond football here , exactly like scotland . 
  plus it was the irish who founded celtic , so it is at least a little bit ours too . 
  and i 'm sure they 'd say our irish republican army worshipping , sinn f\u00e9in loving , staunch republican shtick is eminently hateable :p, 
  actually nah , we 're definitely right on this one . 
  it 's like that for some people , but for others celtic are definitily the only team, 
  christ the racism from them, 
  theyre the only abstentionist party that runs where i live . 
  id say spanish but i may be biased towards it . 
  id probably say given ye are in it german makes sense first , but languages are great so why noy learn both in time ? 
  honestly not sure like . 
  languages are always useful in europe like , and everywhere , but german probably is more useful in a specifically european context , especially with regards to it . 
  i just said spanish because it is what i love and what im going to spend at least the next 4 years of my life in uni studying , and hopefully spending my adult life working with . 
  plus spanish women  german women, 
  in a glorious communist world were private property is illegal , tovarisch . 
  great-granda in the ra back in the civil warish times . 
  more recently i had distantish relatives in the inla not the ira, 
  being a dirty mudblood i also have family that were in the orange order too, 
  apartment horses are while common here in ireland, 
  they do n't get to do anything up here cus no one gets to do anything up here . 
  he was my favourite player to watch when i made my da drive from belfast to watch derry . 
  really sad to here him go . 
  everyone i know that 's met gerry say he 's great craic altogether . 
  heard differing opinions on aul ' marty now though, 
  that 's probably it like . 
  i hear marty has n't got his bikini bod on though so he might just be a bit embarrassed to have his belly jiggle, 
  i always looked at it like the way up here in belfast we can say taig and fenian all we want but if a brit says it it is n't really on , and vice versa with hun . 
  a nice plough party filled with stars . 
  dress code is light blue . 
  [ actual tayto ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/migration_catalog/article25658833.ece/alternates/h342/tayto ), 
  the brits stole my fucking vote !, 
  not like the fascist fucks dont deserve their heads knocked in, 
  the anti-nazis have more in common with the nazis than the neo-nazis, 
  makes sense , mate, 
  ah right so im a fascist now . 
  great having your all knowing self telling us what i am, 
  anyone know where you can watch these games on the internet ? 
  all celtic 's facebook posts about santos makes me want to go for them, 
  no , and anti-fascist movements dont have much fascism in them either . 
  you 're either a fascist yerself or just another clueless liberal . 
  both know fuck all, 
  but ya know the lack of racist ideologies , workers seizing the means of production , lack of corporatism , worker 's rights , equality, 
  ya know , everything essential to marxism , take them away and you 've got something completely different . 
  shocking . 
  did they not aye ? 
  read that on stormfront 's wee history section did ye ? 
  you can fuck off with yer nazi bollocks ye can . 
  blame the left for everything you do cus yer too fucking clueless to do anything else . 
  you out in the street yesterday yerself aye ? 
  had to cover up the ss tattoo on yer neck though i take it ? 
  wouldnt want to hurt that new friendly nazi image now would we ? 
  had to wear a jacket over the screwdriver shirt too though of course .
