  more action taken against paedophiles , as in proper punishments , but i think this will happen rather soon . 
  more of the socialist things pope francis has been talking about would be welcomed . 
  reintroduction of latin in catholic schools would be great ( it 's been gone here where i live for quite a while now , i do n't know about the rest of the world ) . 
  same here man . 
  it sucks . 
  yeah , it clearly has to be some arbitrary number now . 
  being an irishman who encounters the english frequently i can assure you all of those are commonly used phrases . 
  they and perry are mostly napoleonics stuff , i was looking for the early 18th century . 
  thanks anyway though . 
  kangaroo or mayonnaise, 
  if you got this pack , i think you 'd feel obliged to play all 15 god 's . 
  ireland ; again we are forever alone, 
  i believe there is one for aussie rules in the pacific , the marshall islands i think , but i may be wrong . 
  it is with the blacks , or the vast majority of the people . 
  just no . 
  gaelic is played by far more , and in ireland actually watched by more ( mainly because the football ( soccer ) teams are bollocks ) . 
  gaelic is probably the most played sport even where i live in belfast . 
  just out of curiosity , is the international rules matches ( the gaelic-aussie rules hybrid thing we do ) actually watched at all in australia ? 
  gaelic is mad craic , it let 's us city boys beat up the culchies ( we still usually loose though ) . 
  and hurling is just for the idiots down in munster to have something to do , 
  it 's because they 're hard as fuck . 
  that 's sad . 
  it 's got the potential , it just needs people to help out . 
  i 'll go do it for ireland . 
  http://oi59.tinypic.com/24llp5f.jpg some angry man from munster will probably come and correct me , but oh well, 
  they really are , a real testament to what the irish can do when we are n't drunk . 
  but yeah , we only really watch it for fights too . 
  actually , that 's the only reason we ever watch aussie rules too , also because the commentators are hilarious . 
  `` zlatan thinks that zlatan should take it '' ahahahhahaha awesome, 
  i do . 
  i was taking the piss.you may be confused by when i used culchie though , i 've heard dubliners say that means everything outside dublin , it just means country folk where i am from ( belfast , where the city teams , outside of st.gall 's , tend to be a bit shite compared to the rest , especially in the down part of the city where i live ) . 
  and you 'll loose tommorow when ye come against us ( eh , my family is from derry and plays for them , i can claim support ) . 
  i do know about gaa , i was taking the piss , clearly hurling takes skill , the last all-ireland is clear testament to that . 
  it was fecking amazing . 
  hahaha no sweat man . 
  it 'll definitely be a good game . 
  we will sure as hell struggle to deal with ye , especially man like diarmuid connolly . 
  as long as fergal does n't get sent off again , i think we might have a chance . 
  that is all . 
  it only has one of the teams i like on it :(, 
  needs celtic in it to have the one i really support . 
  the most interesting thing about this is seeing peoples reasonings for why this is apparently racist . 
  because saying the japanese live on islands is clearly despicably racist . 
  or is this just fantasy ? 
  well i ca n't seem to see anything that actually is racist . 
  well south americans at the time he is talking about were a tribal society . 
  that is n't racist . 
  native americans are n't called uncivilized , you 've just made that up . 
  and it is more a broad generalisation than a stereotype . 
  asian island culture was , as a whole , highly spiritual . 
  feudal japan seems about spot on on that description . 
  all of them do on a whole . 
  maybe not accurate comparisons , but none of them are racist . 
  he clearly was n't talking about the incas . 
  he says south american tribes . 
  he was talking about amazonian tribal societies . 
  and how ? 
  i never said all , i said as a whole . 
  is it racist for me to say the irish are generally very catholic ? 
  by the way , before you say something about that , no , it is n't . 
  i 'm irish , i would know . 
  he said south american tribes . 
  that does not imply all of south america was tribal , at all , in the slightest . 
  if i say `` european tribal societies '' i do not mean all of europe is tribal , but am very probably referring to the saami or the tribes of the steppes ( tartars etc. 
  although they are mostly integrated into the greater eastern societies they are part of nowadays ) . 
  amazonian tribes would most certainly not be racist . 
  the amazon basin was entirely tribal , there were no cities etc. 
  he is perfectly accurate . 
  do you ever play snooker ? 
  also how do you get the ball to go where you want it ? 
  i 've tried for years and it never seems to happen ... 
  it means vicky 3 confirmed . 
  but my god i hope it actually does mean that . 
  this proves nothing ... 
  shh , vicky 3 confirmed . 
  how proud i am of my sweet city . 
  i would have thought it just deals the one to a blocker and 7 to the player . 
  belfast - we are lovely folk , until you tell us what religion you are of course . 
  and another one up here . 
  things are looking good . 
  they never really come out with anti-europe stuff up here , but they are a bi-polar as fuck party . 
  there used to be 3 in dublin did there not ? 
  one just off o'connell street , one in blanchardstown and one somewhere else in the city ? 
  was there not one in cork too ? 
  the one up here in belfast is o.k ( but i assume you are the complete other direction from dublin ) but it 's dying . 
  no where near as much people there as there was 5-7 years ago , and too cement that i 'd say the amount of people in the hobby is growing . 
  shows you how bad gw has become . 
  needs more unicorns . 
  is that a good deal ? 
  i would have imagined it would be easier just to trade one or two of those for a full deck . 
  or maybe you are like me and just like opening packs . 
  metal to more metal . 
  that 's what it was like with me . 
  me a 15 year old at 6 `` 2 and the full back 5 `` 1 . 
  fun times were had . 
  yes . 
  when you come to ireland to hug me , can you bring kevin too ? 
  samaras . 
  i do n't know why , but i love the man . 
  and paddy mccourt , being a derry city fan too .
