  you probably wo n't read this , but fair play man !, 
  i wish ye all the best . 
  phelddagrif would have to be up there for me . 
  if you 're chinese then it 's 0 % of world wars . 
  elvish mystic . 
  he should be in every deck ever . 
  more 4 ofs might help just to make the deck more reliable , but that 's about the height of advice i can give . 
  i 'm a massive fan of fleecemane lions , but i 'm not sure how well they 'd fit . 
  yep . 
  one exists in the sideboard of my boros burn deck , to make me feel comfortable about not playing green . 
  he needs to be in green decks because he is amazing , and at least the sideboard of all other decks so they can be at least somewhat green . 
  i 've only been playing when mystic has been in standard . 
  the others are both acceptable . 
  i 'm also not a fan of llanowar elves art . 
  just a personal preference really . 
  rakdos cacklers ? 
  edit : ignore , i read heroic as aggro . 
  it 's turned out perfect . 
  that is fucking golden, 
  if i remember correctly , 6 boosters , one of which is for your colour ( i.e you get a promo rare for your colour and one rare that will be of your colour ) . 
  yes you keep the cards , you also get a spin down too . 
  you play a sealed event , where you make a deck from your cards ( basic lands are provided ) of 40 cards and then it 's a normal tournament then on in . 
  i 'm sleeving him up now . 
  if i 'm not doing that in 6 months i think i might go into depression :(, 
  * sniff * my boy 's found a new home, 
  you 're a truly good man . 
  i hated it , but the more i see it the more i like it . 
  i 'm excited to get my hands on some . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  but there 's nothing we can do now . 
  looks great man !, 
  wish i had a set . 
  some day , some day ... 
  rtr shocklands and fetches . 
  it 's a bit different . 
  the english do n't say g ` day and stuff , but it 's more or less the same thing . 
  same as irish english and british english , we have our own wee words and phrases , but it 's the same thing more or less . 
  being irish i am very against this . 
  but at least you put hole in the right part . 
  not a different language , but a different dialect that can make it hard to understand each other , like castillian spanish and latin american spanish . 
  it looks like a good base , but the golden hind seems a bit pointless , along with the bow of nylea . 
  you may want to try brushstrider , the mono green aggro decks i 've sen seem to have used them well . 
  swordwise centaur would be better than the one of bassara tower archer , but it is n't great either . 
  reverant hunters are a must have . 
  stuff like polukranos may just be a bit too high cmc wise , but a couple could n't hurt in the place of the witchhunters . 
  ranger 's guiles are maybe not the best thing main board . 
  if i think of anything else i ` lll come back . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al4ooxwdq4c that may be of use to you . 
  i did run a bow in my green deck ( although mine is more a devotion/mid-range deck ) and found that they just were n't quite good enough to keep mainboard . 
  most people are n't going to care about 1 or 2 damage coming through from a mystic and any creatures they are worried about , polukranos etc. 
  they 'll find other solutions for . 
  with so much enchantment removal running around now , i just do n't quite think a bow is good enough , especially over another couple of quality creatures . 
  that sounds amazing , i wish could see them live , but they never bloody come to ireland, 
  this is neither in derry or clare . 
  what a lie . 
  it 's not working for me , anyone else having this problem or is it just my crap internet ? 
  green, 
  white, 
  red, 
  ( colourless ), 
  blue/black ( i hate them both . ), 
  thank you so much . 
  now i actually understand banding . 
  i feel like i 've finally rose in the ranks of magic players . 
  soul of zendikar is n't that bad . 
  6 for a 6/6 with reach that can make more dudes is n't bad . 
  in my mono green deck i would n't mind having him . 
  when i can quite easily make 30 + mana , having something on board that can keep producing more threats is certainly desirable as it means that i wo n't have to hope for good top decks if i do n't have garruk . 
  i could see me having 1 or 2 or him in there , maybe in place of an arbor colossus . 
  yeah . 
  i may hate playing mono-black , but even i 'd feel bad for them if thoughtseize was a mythic . 
  that would skyrocket the price of the deck . 
  well i guess i am proof of that . 
  i thought it was 30-40, 
  i thought that was pure crap . 
  i was really optimistic after hearing defender ( ? ), 
  but now i 'm just feeling horrible that the new album will be bollocks . 
  i 'm very worried . 
  agh damn it , only ships to the us . 
  that was very tempting for me . 
  west brit ? 
  what are ye on about , he is n't from dublin . 
  buck means fuck . 
  ghb , or get her bucked , is a common phrase up here . 
  ( not used seriously though ) . 
  what about both ? 
  fair enough , with both that would take it up to 13 . 
  yeah , maybe not both . 
  what 's the design on the cape ? 
  that is n't there on normal cards . 
  spark troopers !, 
  spark troopers are just so fun . 
  they are the funnest thing about the deck , for me at least . 
  why i love playing boros burn . 
  garruk , stronker of stronk beasts, 
  just stroke him under the chin and give him some warm milk and he 'll curl up beside you, 
  cool find . 
  3 ajanis in standard will be weird though . 
  that is actually really annoying me too , now that you 've pointed it out . 
  colourless ajani ?
