  fair . 
  im unsure of whether or not id need a proper account out there now but i probably will have to just get one when im out . 
  international studies . 
  you ? 
  absolute hero . 
  if ye want to stick in belfast too ... :p, 
  i think ats just cus it 's your country mate . 
  non-scottish and irish football ( not that i get to see it much ) is just so much worse to me than football here . 
  like gis a shite hack fest between caley thistle and hibs any day before real or man united . 
  yeah neither am i. 
  cool , is thatin the hoogeschool or however its spelt ? 
  university of leiden . 
  my course is taught right beside centraal station in the hague though . 
  my house is like 5 minutes down thr road . 
  weteringkade i thinj the road is, 
  same to you , man . 
  i would be !, 
  normal people , lad, 
  good to hear mate , hope it keeps getting better . 
  birds come and go but away days are forever, 
  cool stuff . 
  any particularly cool ones so far ? 
  best i have so far ( imo ) is a 1999 marseille third shirt . 
  really want the home shirt for that season ( or really any 1990s marseille home shirt ), 
  make sure you get ours when you come to scotland :p, 
  some of the esperance shirts are really nice though , even despite the silly badge, 
  apparently it 's governed by the uafa and is separate from both the asian and african confederations , although contains teams from both, 
  nah , just once every four steps and for nearly every point and most passes . 
  just fyi lad those dna tests are pure and utter bollocks, 
  there 's football quarter finals in dublin on sunday . 
  derry city play limerick in derry the same day and cork city and bohs in cork on monday night too but those are the only major sporting evens on those days . 
  fuck loads of junior b hurling in galway the sunday but i do n't see why you 'd want to go to any of them . 
  i mean they 're posing for a photo no actually damaging anything . 
  there 's nothing wrong with this post like, 
  country music fans dont want to listen to new shite , they want to listen to the shite they already know, 
  it 's actually pretty decent in belfast as well . 
  lots of nice wee spots that are n't too expensive too, 
  the other two are ni footballers who the polkce are havong difficulty dealing with, 
  why you 'd ever want freestayto on a sandwhich, 
  i can think of worse things to have in spar or centra, 
  i like the bitter aftertaste off it, 
  dont listen to that knacker . 
  real cultural heritage is at tayto castle, 
  i was in the club with them all the same time as well , they were all fucked like . 
  word i 've heard about is that it 's the soccer ones who might have done it like, 
  midnight in the century was one of the last books i read . 
  why fuck mark millar ? 
  lol wtf . 
  ok that makes much more sense , i though he wrote that other comic, 
  theyre a bunch of nutjob ultra nationalists wothout any real claim to a republican or leftist mandates . 
  some bhoys beat up those britain first cunts from what i heard . 
  not a big deal, 
  further tarnishes our reputation amongst the stormfront lads across the river . 
  not too bothered tbh, 
  any assyrian dishes you 'd recommend making ? 
  what stands out to yous ? 
  mushy peas are essential to a roast . 
  seems pretty popular amongst wee girls here in belfast . 
  seen it in quite a few newsagents and stuff, 
  i mean that too but i see plenty of wee girls taking it too . 
  guess its easier to hide the smell compared to fegs or something, 
  slieve league is a poor man 's murlough tbqhwyf, 
  nah lad he wants to see your foot skills . 
  get out a ball , stick on some shite house mix and show us some 45s, 
  that 's a bap not a roll and no amount of scottish cunts over the last year will tell me otherwise, 
  i 'm moving to holland in 2 weeks , cant wait . 
  been putting chocolate sprinkles on everything and drinking advocaat by the pint in preparation, 
  lad you can get to dublin in less than an hour and a half . 
  roads may be shite round newcastle but it 's no a mad trek away, 
  round this bit of south belfast it 's easily the 80s by now, 
  i mean im from belfast and been there plenty of times and its never taken more than 45 mins, 
  * en inglaterra not in, 
  proven yourself completely incapable of speaking the language with that glaring error mate, 
  i would have too then i saw `` la problema '' and now i know he 's been rumbled, 
  i 'm moving to holland in < 2 weeks and i 'm buzzing . 
  acc did n't fuck it up this time round . 
  going to miss ireland again though . 
  gaa and proper breakfasts are great stuff . 
  so is not dying because we literally have no remotely weird weather or natural phenomena at all . 
  that 's pretty good, 
  moving to holland in just over a week . 
  anyone know any good spots around den haag/rotterdam for metal/whatever else is cool too ? 
  man i just got into vaporwave/chillwave etc. 
  recently and it 's actually class . 
  never expected to enjoy it . 
  you 've got a new reader here, 
  i 've mostly just been listening to the mixes this one guy from youtube puts up . 
  looking at it it 's more chillwave and future funk , but i do n't really know what the difference is lol, 
  man that second link is great . 
  i 'll definitely check out that channel too , thanks !, 
  midnight in the century, 
  pes6 best pes, 
  i guess it 's 80 * years since some nasty german tourists came to gernika, 
  adriano used to be able to make keepers fly into the net his shot was so strong . 
  6 was great, 
  yep i ca n't count, 
  colouring the isle of mann red is a bit inaccurate afaik . 
  the milk, 
  wait till dungiven hears about this, 
  both shitebags .
