  edit : it was 4 votes . 
  yep . 
  you can still see the graffiti of the soviet soldiers in the reichstag . 
  mate , please , it 's `` culchur '' . 
  first you take our flegs , now you take away our language . 
  it looks pretty solid . 
  4x eidolong of the great revel should be included ( over vexing devils i 'd say ) . 
  in the future if you are looking to upgrade , 8x of the red fetchlands plus some sacred foundries and boros charms should be a good starting point . 
  fair play like . 
  is it common for women to keep fighting at that age ? 
  god , not sligo rovers representing us . 
  i 'm totally not still salty that you beat us ( derry city ) one of the few times i actually got to go to a match when i as like 9 by the way . 
  come to celtic . 
  i hear glasgow has the perfect weather for wine production too , it 's be just like home . 
  we can always dream ... 
  burning-tree emissary , temple garden , siege rhino ( ? ), 
  this is tough . 
  hesitate things ? 
  impossible . 
  now , let me go put off this revision for a while ... 
  yeah , one of the pupils was on on bbc ulster earlier , they said they were just taking the piss out of the teachers . 
  and seeing as it is in de le salle , i doubt very many of them had a clue it was nearly ve day . 
  well i know feck all irish , but what little i do know is that there are no words for `` yes '' or `` no '' in irish . 
  i think t\u00e1 means `` i am '' , or maybe just `` i '' . 
  something along those lines . 
  that is n't quite as catchy as the old t\u00e1 i must say . 
  do you have any more info on this ? 
  ive never seen this before, 
  both surgical extraction and dismember are there . 
  edit : and gut shot , apostle 's blessing , mutagenic growth, 
  he was playing in pro tour dtk though , so i think he must be back to competitive magic . 
  the port and mire are worth quite a bit of money ( although the rishadan port does look damaged . 
  we normally get something on the core set pro tour ( so pro tour origins ) do n't we ? 
  true , true , but full art reveal would be a great way to drum up interest, 
  the guildgates in dgm do have new art though , so it makes sense for them to have the dgm symbol, 
  how do you find running the 4 silumgar 's scorn with only 2 dragons ? 
  my ub list only has the 2 drifty ds so i 've always been wary of running the scorns . 
  are they worth it ? 
  man that mat looks amazing . 
  mate eggs are great on fucking everything, 
  come on juve !, 
  well if he 's willing to come here , maybe i can do something to bring him to derry city ... 
  opening it is probably not a wise choice , but i 'd sure as hell watch it . 
  why would he go to some tiny shitehole of a city in the back arse of nowhere with no redeeming qualities ? 
  derry is the place he should be . 
  he looks so horrified after he scored both goals . 
  in fairness both dublin and derry are shitholes, 
  i 'd assume they took lead from the greek letter [ phi ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phi ) too . 
  oohhhh sigismund and gulliman look awesome . 
  if you 're pushed for time leaving out carrick-a-rede might be an ok idea , it 's nothing special . 
  hope ye get good weather for it , on a nice day it is absolutely stunning up there . 
  i thought that was a gaa shirt in the background , but did n't think something from here would be this big . 
  it 's pure class to watch . 
  i think you may be misunderstanding how mana works . 
  you just gain 2 colourless mana . 
  when you , say , gain a green mana , you do n't fetch a forest from your deck and put it into play , you just add a green mana that disappears at the end of a phase , same with colourless or any other type of mana . 
  miracles in legacy ( although i 'd have no one to play it with ) so modern junk/jund ( either really ) or ur twin . 
  glorious european spanish only real spanish, 
  eidolon of blossoms . 
  i still think the enchantress gameplan with strength from the fallen is super strong . 
  * grumble * it ` sjustderryshittymapneedstheboystocomedownwithsomespraypaint * grumble *, 
  well protestantism is generally associated with blue in a lot of ways . 
  catholicism i 'd associate with yellow or green more than anything . 
  well the british , rangers , eu4 ... . . 
  ah well the map does n't show all of ulster , just , eh , how do we say it on the tayto packets , `` our wee country '' . 
  the flag is pretty damn blue , man . 
  and it still makes up most of it . 
  either way , blue is more associated with the british here than red would be . 
  i would n't have said enda has ginger hair , he 's more blonde . 
  edit : actually , i looked again and saw pictures of him with brown , blonde , ginger and grey hair . 
  the man must be a dying machine . 
  have they not said before that gold-bordered does not get around the reserved list ? 
  i think i 'm the equivalent of that , i 'm not entirely sure though , either archaeology , classics , or something to do with languages . 
  an lgs might not be the best place to call if you have structural problems . 
  unless you mean ` craic ' , in which case that 's probably wise . 
  maybe the lgs has other nights that it does other formats ? 
  maybe you could check out if they do modern etc. 
  another night of the week . 
  fucking fantastic breakfast . 
  it 's a heart attack on a plate . 
  delish . 
  agh but what self respecting irishman would eat fish ? 
  well , i do believe i 'm getting the vapours . 
  i think it was something like forest , voyaging satyr , courser . 
  i was on the draw , got a forest , hit every land perfectly with courser and curved out perfectly from there . 
  what do you mean by sweets now ? 
  sweets as in the desserty type stuff or sweets like haribo and wine gums and shit ? 
  i assume you mean the former so i 'll go with that , probably cheese cake - the american style one with the baked bottom though , prefer it over the digestive base - or crema catalana ( i ca n't remember which one it is in english , tiramisu or something like that ) . 
  what is that flag in the centre ? 
  the almost inverted-catalonia like one ? 
  ah that makes sense , thanks . 
  i know a few people with the same name as their da 's , but they 'd only really get called ( let 's say john for the name ) john \u00d3g or wee john . 
  mate , i saw them 2 years ago , it 's still fucking nuts . 
  the fact he says there 's one is what gets to me, 
  mate , he does n't even have a rural derry accent , he 's from the same village as me da , no one sounds like that . 
  he puts it on to annoy his family . 
  these freeshtaters just do n't get us . 
  shit guys this is n't anything . 
  i really need to get a map that was in one of our old re text books . 
  india was buddhist , china was hindu , portugal was protestant , and much much more .
