  not going to influence anything in westminster . 
  gains for an abstentionist sinn f\u00e9in are gains for a republican agenda and united ireland viewpoint , whether they take their seats or not and add to the legitimacy of a border poll being called, 
  i do n't ca n't ever see a situation here occurring where their abstention would make a difference to that . 
  but i 'm also sure that many in sf see a hard brexit as a massive gain for republicanism as those sdlp and maybe even more liberal unionists would ever stand for that , never mind belfast youth, 
  no way around it and no way sinn f\u00e9in would want to work around it . 
  bbc kept asking \u00d3 donnghaile about it , he said they 'd never take them . 
  bbc decided that was n't good enough and asked big gerry who further confirmed there is absolutely no chance of sinn f\u00e9in taking their seats under any circumstances . 
  no chance of it happening, 
  if they take their seats they 'll loose massive amounts of votes here . 
  go round and ask northern sinn f\u00e9in voters and absentionism is one of the main reasons they vote shiner . 
  it is one of if no the key issue for sinn f\u00e9in, 
  in what situation would it give them a border poll ? 
  to get this coalition working labour would need lib dem support and i ca n't see them ever supporting a border poll, 
  not sure trump has had a big effect on the swing to corbyn . 
  him opening up to and actually engaging with the youth and working class has been a much bigger factor, 
  never going to happen and should not happen, 
  sinn f\u00e9in gains over sdlp which is great although it looks likely the dup will have their best result ever , somehow, 
  the dup have just achieved their best election result ever . 
  every dirty fucking rat that voted that party deserves nothing less than the wall, 
  they 're far more right wing than that . 
  good luck to all youth , catholics , working class , muslims , hindus , jews , immigrants , socialists , republicans , gays , women and children . 
  we 're all even more fucked than we were before, 
  rangers fans like to shout how they 're the people , rangers fans tend to be unionist and the tories are the main party of unionism . 
  so despite the conservatives consistently shitting all over scotland for the last hundred years rangers fans ( the peepul ) keep voting them . 
  see [ ravenscraig ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ravenscraig_steelworks ) as a good example of somewhere absolutely fucked by the tories that recently elected them, 
  leigh is a hero , an exemplary citizen and i 'll hear nothing to the contrary, 
  my seat is now dup for the first time ever . 
  disgusting to think that people you sit beside on the bus voted those wankers, 
  not seen it in ages . 
  tesco 's and sainsbury 's own ones are grand though if youre mixing it, 
  at least sinn f\u00e9in do n't hate literally everyone that is n't a free presby from ballymena, 
  not really accurate . 
  hermon is still very , very much `` orange '', 
  wonder if she was into a bit of sodomy with that lad she was committing cardinal sins with, 
  spot on . 
  bitter edinburgh hun spotted, 
  sad yous came third this year aye you pathetic hun like . 
  cannae even afford the blue shirts now, 
  nah , just the huns and their fan club in tynecastle . 
  last i checked hibs or partick or dundee arent wearing gers shirts and singing the billy boys, 
  is better off scotland having no real european champions , no decent football and led by sheep shagging cunts and posh edinburgh huns, 
  so a tiny minority of scottishfans whove seen no success in decades dont like us . 
  shocking . 
  fuck off back to ibrox, 
  all you bigoted huns do , not anyone else, 
  this flag still has strong neo-nazi connections . 
  often flown by nazi ultras cus they tend to get unnoticed by football authorities, 
  the inla were a republican group like the ira by the way . 
  i 've had scots refuse our notes . 
  was n't happy, 
  aye but that 's what am saying though . 
  hear scots go on at me that the english are cunts for not accepting their money but then wo n't take ones from the north . 
  only reason i can think is they see bank of ireland and think they 're euros, 
  not till i get a hold of it anyway, 
  always knew you were a comrade on r/soccer , u/stinkyfrontbum . 
  griffiths  the entirety of english football, 
  griffiths = the entirety of english football, 
  well he could well not be irish . 
  there 's plenty of great lower league teams in london and elsewhere worth supporting, 
  good win tbf to yous but i 'd be worried with letting a game you were so dominant in get so close, 
  clear goal . 
  penalty as well . 
  fuck off you cunty ref, 
  never bet against a team i support , no matter what the odds are, 
  carlingford is lovely lad, 
  not much tocomplain about football wise . 
  getting frustrated with fm2017 though . 
  first one ive played since 2004 and am lost . 
  any good tutorials ? 
  i have no clue how to get into this, 
  can i not turn of training anol in the normal game ? 
  i just started a game as ado but all my players are massively unfit and not improving at all meaning im getting destroyed in every match . 
  thought i made a decent purchase too for a right back but now i have the media all over me saying i massovely overspent . 
  bastards, 
  still love them man . 
  passion was always there form him , just did n't work out . 
  glad we have brendy now though . 
  i 'd fucking marry him, 
  he blessed himself at ibrox and the huns went off their nut, 
   orange, 
  just dug a deeper hole now, 
  o'connell street, 
  daniel o'connell is a kerry man , so limerick or dublin, 
  maybe cus they were scumbags happy to sign away irish freedom, 
  prisoners are still people with rights . 
  they still deserve proper food that isnt specifically intended to be damaging and degrading, 
  fought and died to sign away irish freedom to the rich and to the english and hand any possible future ireland over to the capitalists and the church ? 
  collins and de valera fought to keep me and every other person of an irish background in the north under british rule . 
  they are no better than the scum that sat in westminster ; they fought for the same cause, 
  its specifically designed to taste and smell disgusting . 
  prison is a punishment but it isnt meant to be degrading . 
  they deserve the right to actual food , not some shite thats been thought up to humiliate them . 
  great way to rehabilitate prisoners by treating them worse than pigs, 
  nah shinners turn up to the d\u00e1il . 
  republican sinn f\u00e9in refuse to turn up to that as well ( not that they 'd ever get a td ), 
  i liked you winning , but i love near every underdog, 
  qub would be mostly nationalist anyway though, 
  dundee seems to house about 50 % of north down for 6 months of the year, 
  just go to the tones lad . 
  the rebs  shitty pop any day,
