  i have n't seen a lot tbf but i did n't spot any of the shite you see in weiss schwarze or cardfight . 
  cheers man for the help, 
  i had scotland move to africa , turn muslim and start colonising the pacific in one of my games . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  attendance figures to welsh pro12 teams have been shite as of late whereas cardiff and swansea ( and to a much lesser extent newport and wrexham ) get consistently large figures . 
  fine gael , fianna f\u00e1il and renua would be what you 're after . 
  labour if you want some blair style conservatism . 
  you have n't looked very hard . 
  and the tories do n't do exactly the same ? 
  what about their position to gay marriage ? 
  fianna f\u00e1il is closer to centre , but fine gael is pretty solidly to the right . 
  bournemouth please, 
  exactly my point . 
  they also go with whatever is popular . 
  of course they would have got flack if they had n't . 
  all i was saying was that op 's idea that populism is somehow incompatible with conservatism is a bit off . 
  provos , stickies and the actual army are all gon na be teaming up for this one . 
  it 's a long old haul from galway to the causeway tbf like . 
  you 'd have to be leaving proper early to get there in time and the day to piss about there like, 
  oh aye , tell us again about all the occupying and murdering the yanks were up to in canada, 
  good chippys . 
  not much else going for it past the brandywell and celtic park if ye ignore the chippers, 
  i miss him , seemed like good craic . 
  with the way teams are currently spending he 's worth so much more than 20m . 
  the prices players fetch in europe has gone beyond nuts in the last 10 years . 
  ireland , with shane long netting 24 along the way , including 4 in a 7-0 demolishing of england in the group stages . 
  guess big or go home . 
  how much and from where ? 
  mocks and a-levels mate . 
  the first do n't matter and the second are easy . 
  he 's not talking about `` modern feminism '' , he 's talking about actual feminism . 
  on tumblr and reddit maybe , not in real life . 
  equality for everyone within modern society ; you know , what feminism fights for . 
  do you know anything about the movement ? 
  finn 's or foxes rock . 
  ill drink more or less whatever when i 'm out though, 
  p'al is one i 've seen , although i think that might be puerto rican slang . 
  bono is n't a fan of the rebs then, 
  i think its rrally hit and miss what you get . 
  ive been in big tescos/sainsburys here that have 0 irish stuff and the day today or whatever across the street has football special and black pud, 
  what is the issue like ? 
  i do n't get this heraldic stuff , is it an actual law that you ca n't break this 14th century shite in britain ? 
  would that seriously hold up in court ? 
  that 's fucking madness like . 
  i guess letting the fans design it is the best way to do it though, 
  knights granted the island , piss everyone off and get a quick nationalist revolt ? 
  who gives a flying fuck what mick said in 1922 about the army ? 
  in stereotypical celtic style i 'm an irish immigrant to glasgow , not from fife, 
  honestly no video makes me prouder of belfast like . 
  our hoods are lovely lads like, 
  fuck sake , bbc could n't say sinn f\u00e9in , have to say ira man martin mcguinness do n't they, 
  we lump you all together because you 're all more or less the fucking same . 
  someone in new york is 99 % similar to someone in seattle . 
  same language , same culture . 
  not true at all in europe . 
  no bought any of it , but some of the stuff in carrol 's looks alright . 
  the knitwear stuff that is n't covered in stupid writing looks nice enough for the price of it, 
  not a big fan of any of the irish papers tbf . 
  looking at it from a belfast perspective , none of the `` big 3 '' here are worth touching with a 10 foot pole , outside of the irish news for the occasional local gaa bit . 
  how did guidetti play ? 
  did n't get to catch the match unfortunately, 
  labour control those councils afaik . 
  maybe that 's what theyre basing that off ? 
  says here they still control glasgow anyway , just about, 
  dryliners could not be more accurate, 
  east ayrshire it says but that 's it aye . 
  if it 's no councils it is a proper old map like, 
  irish but living here now . 
  all aboard with indy ref 2 though, 
  the black one aye ? 
  never real\u00f1y see it but that shit is great . 
  edit : nah im stupid , chinotto or whatever is great, 
  theres mr juico in plastic milk pint bottles, 
  you 're irish mate , get whatever irish shit you want . 
  ns mate, 
  calling it catalan in valencia is a dangerous move, 
  yep . 
  for some valid reasons to be fair . 
  i think a better way of describing it might be that valenciano and catalan are two dialects of the same language as opposed to valenciano being a dialect of catalan . 
  had a spanish lamguage assistant in school from elche/elx who would call it that , but i guess thats cus kt was a spanish class . 
  he 'd get a bit annoyed when people called it catalan but he sure as hell isnt right wing, 
  \\ #repealvatican 2, 
  pbp , at least in belfast , seem to be saying only when they 've achieved their socialist aims . 
  basketball, 
  vaguely, 
  you miss the irish bit there , pal ? 
  sending them the shite tayto is just rubbing salt in the wound , mate . 
  the real mr tayto is a proud republican from the heart of bandit country , i 'll have you know . 
  not some posh royal from meath . 
  because birds are just a big bunch of bastards, 
  it 's a bit shite , but then again i 've only really spent a lot of time round the bogside and brandywell, 
  is it a ghetto if the poles going there made it better ? 
  they 're the only good thing about that part of england, 
  if by nice you mean a shithole filled to the brim with bigots who can stand that their neighbour is called stanislaw , then aye , you 're right . 
  massive change to their town my hole . 
  brit flags in ny town though , thats a massive change those lads are only too happy to support, 
  i do accept the english here , dont like their government being here but the people can come all they want . 
  they havent changed anything . 
  the poles in boston havent done a single negative thing to that shithole . 
  the only thing to blame for the neglect in those ares is decades of right-wing rule .
