  fair enough . 
  sounds about right to me . 
  patrick ( or paddy ) something . 
  o'neill is fairly common up here , further south in ireland may be different . 
  wait a second , are you sure those show and tells are legal ? 
  watched every one , awesome series dude , but you 're wrong . 
  runeclaw bear will be a standard staple , just you wait and see . 
  are they the only two cards left to get ? 
  if so you are 57 cards closer to a legacy deck than me ( i 'm rocking a single bridge from below ) . 
  we know , are friends with and are related to at least 3 different people called paddy . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  it 'll be the next pack rat . 
  a fry without potato bread . 
  from / r/belfast, 
  the cards from 269 onwards are in the demo decks . 
  they are standard legal , but not in packs . 
  this is because wotc wanted them in standard , but not limited . 
  how do you feel about being a terrorist ? 
  many a horrible time i 've spent looking at this art . 
  it kills my green heart . 
  this sort of shit gets me really worried , it 's like gw 's management are doing a massive cashgrab and then are going to feck off and leave the game to die . 
  i think the next few years are going to be really crucial to what happens with warhammer ( 40k , fantasy and the lotr games ) as a whole . 
  hahahahahahah , took me a while to see it . 
  but green is the worst colour at flying . 
  if anything it 's blue . 
  it does , as maro says , force you to play lots and lots of instants and sorceries . 
  agh quit yer whining , lough neagh is grand sure, 
  i wish you well on your pursuits , but please do n't be the type of guard that stops me at dublin airport to tell me how i 'm apparently not irish , but a british spy and that donegal is a pointless county . 
  ( although i agree with him on that last point , with my family being from derry , it does n't quite seem relevant to their anti-belfast attitude ) . 
  this has happened so many times . 
  but yes , as the previous poster said , if you 're going out with some gardai , the point is probably to ask questions, 
  no sweat man, 
  but between you and me , if you want to arrest jim mcguinnes , i 'm cool with that , maybe that 'll stop them playing such crap football , just a friendly tip . 
  when did this storm crow thing start , and why ? 
  i found this out . 
  when trying to get my friends in i said that , then i started playing a burn deck . 
  i was wrong , very wrong . 
  does it vary by state , or is prisons etc. 
  a universal law in the us ? 
  i dont know about where you are , but here guy seems to be a term for pretty much anyone . 
  he 's probably got too much money and loves magic . 
  i cant say i wouldnt do the same in that situation, 
  dp is 1885 , this is 1866 . 
  i 'm not sure , i thought ginger ale was a soft drink , but we do n't get it here in ireland so i 'm not entirely sure , i was just going by the date it says . 
  personally i 'd prefer it without the 6th circle for colourless , but otherwise it looks fantastic . 
  nope , sorry . 
  maybe someone else can help . 
  was it confirmed that wedges were new ? 
  they did say the set is about wedges , not the entire block . 
  empyrial archangle ? 
  damn it , you get me excited . 
  i literally just finished watching this on youtube as you posted it . 
  i was hoping for some surprising late spoilers :(, 
  great video though, 
  just extinct on the plane of tarkir i believe . 
  fblthp would be amazingly awesome, 
  / r/custommagic might be the place you would post this if you want feedback . 
  black lotus is about $ 1500 + . 
  $ 10000 if it 's alpha and mint . 
  yep . 
  http://www.mtgstocks.com/prints/16374 . 
  whether they sell or not , i do n't know , probably , but it might take a long , long , long time . 
  alpha , beta and unlimited are very very valuable sets . 
  any of the power nine and dual lands are worth big money . 
  one went 9/0 today ( althought i think it lost its games after that ) so it might not be that bad , but i 'm no modern expert . 
  row 5 !, 
  champion of stray souls . 
  i do n't quite get the dropping of modern , but maybe , just maybe , block was dropped to fit in with this time-travel idea of khans , with the block appearing to be quite disjointed . 
  sheep based beatdown, 
  who 'd win in a fight , sharpe or boromir ? 
  i love the way almost every country is different , it 's really cool that something is n't basically the same all over the world ( like soft drinks , with very few countries having their own ) . 
  awesome map . 
  i also like the big non-alcoholic over saudi arabia . 
  the times of israel is basically the israeli daily mail , only worse ( i know , i did n't think that was possible ) . 
  it ca n't be trusted for anything close to news . 
  in fairness dota could be worse , although i guess it depends on what server your own . 
  europe west ( what i use ) seems to be pretty crap , full of really angry eastern europeans ( although funnily enough , when i changed the language settings to spanish everyone was russian and byelorussian and they were all very nice and helpful , that was weird ) . 
  for how old they are , those look to be in remarkably good shape . 
  as far as i remember , maro said that a planeschase card would be in khans ( i.e that ) . 
  they also showed that art during the panel . 
  the revised booster is worth about $ 65 . 
  fallen empires was incredibly over printed ( and very underpowered ) , so they 're only worth about $ 3 . 
  a list of all the cards you find could be incredibly useful when it comes to figuring out prices . 
  for that vodalian soldiers , mtgstocks has it listed as a 5th/6th edition printing ( http://www.mtgstocks.com/cards/14635 ) but it can be a bit screwy some times when it comes to the art work . 
  that card is definitely fallen empires . 
  as for the lotr and jyhad stuff , i have no clue , hopefully someone else can help ye out with that . 
  well i did n't know it was underpowered , so that also , i 'll go edit that in . 
  and yeah , hymn looks pretty damn good . 
  no sweat , man, 
  yeah , i 'm a celtic fan too but i kind of want legia to win their appeal . 
  this just seems very unfair . 
  as far as i know it was a purely human error , a mistake on their part and nothing malicous , he was only on for 5 minutes . 
  very unfair on legia . 
  holy crap those are amazing !, 
  some of the best alters i 've seen . 
  god those are nice . 
  depends on the situation , or how much effort i want to put into the sentence . 
  the first one is a whole two extra syllables that a lot of the time i ca n't be fecked using . 
  pun fun with lsv would make my day . 
  damn it wizards , make it happen !,
