  dont know if theyre actually, 
  different fruits though or if its just different shops calling them different names, 
  yeah a quick google search says mandarins are a relative of an orange ( not just small oranges like i thought ) while tangerines and clementines are varietals of the mandarin . 
  tangerines are bigger mandarins , clementines are smaller , sweeter and seedless mandarins . 
  how 's it any different ? 
  outside of size and accent does n't feel any different from any other city in ireland like, 
  yep , they 're also a thing . 
  also they 're chinese not japanese , funnily enough . 
  from looking at wikipedia they seem pretty similar to clementines . 
  iirc that mutual intelligibility is a more modern thing . 
  in the past they were much different languages than they are today . 
  well seeing as edinburgh is fucking packed with english , id say itd go down alright . 
  reddit : the political party . 
  everything you 've wrote is exactly the reddit circlejerk you 'll find on the the subs that are full of yanks . 
  go post it on r/politics and have a wee wank fest with eachother over there, 
  hilarious reading your post history . 
  have a fun circlejerk about overwatch and call someone else gay on that sub . 
  your political points are utter bollocks mate, 
  attacking irish speech habits . 
  you and yer mates will make fucking class irish politicians, 
  ah man the `` i believe in an united ireland, 
  united under britain ! '', 
  bait and switch . 
  id love to like , but our family tradition is dinner , do n't talk to eachother for 6 hours , movie at night . 
  i played a few games of settlers of catan last time i was home with my mates and it was amazing . 
  i know it gets abed rep now among boardgame aficionados but i think it 's class , especially if yer just getting in to boardgames . 
  fuck you took that last thread bad did n't ye man . 
  and to think you called all of us immature . 
   200g of protein a day faggot . 
  that 's almost as much as urmum gets from guzzling cum . 
  the reply he did that got deleted . 
  absolute gold . 
  if you want to work for the party , like a background role ? 
  i mean unless he put on some made voice when he asked you and started rubbing his hands weirdly , i do n't really get what more you 're asking from the question . 
  any more context ? 
  the anti-vege/vegan thing is one hatred i really do n't get . 
  why are people so anti vegetable ? 
  political analysts and policy advisors , general management and admin roles as well . 
  do n't know if you 're still adding stuff , but i 'd stick in the marble arch caves for fermanagh and the walk round silent valley/the mournes in general for down . 
  i 'd say the sperrins too for derry cus it 's fucking beautiful but there 's no real touristy infrastructure round there unfortunately . 
  neymar is easily the biggest scumbag in football . 
  hope he gets his knees done in , the cheating cunt, 
  i dont think the shared history helps much though . 
  i know its all personal but i struggled much more with french than english . 
  while a lot of grammar is very similar , i think spelling and pronounciation of french is significantly more difficult than that of spanish, 
  and those words all have direct equivalents in spanish too . 
  vive is also spanish , by the way . 
  it 's actually how you normally use that verb . 
  it 's just you use the subjunctive in that sentence , so viva . 
  ot question , but does rb have the same issues with eh , unsavoury fans like the other saxon clubs do ? 
  in between the green brigade . 
  absolutely bouncig . 
  great match , aberdeen were shocking though . 
  especially their fans , 0 noise the entire match, 
  literally second , 2 points ahead of aberdeen , them a game in hand and us 8 points ahead with 2 games in hand . 
  that 's impressive , mate . 
  for what you want to be , it kind of is, 
  im getting 4 % heineken in glasgow, 
  too bad he has two mechanics wizards dont want to use anymore . 
  im not living in ireland now but will be in a week again . 
  cant wait for decent milk again, 
  porto 's looking promising tbh . 
  wonder what lisbon is . 
  ive never been like but the pics look lovely , especially the old city . 
  nah man happens in ireland . 
  heard of plenty of it in belfast . 
  the schools tryin to cover it up and then the fuck all punishment the people got for it is mad . 
  and the stuff ive heard of is in the last 5 years . 
  you 'd think theyd have stopped this shite by now . 
  it 's definitely missing a fuck ton from scotland , never mind the shebeens ( or whatever they call them there ) . 
  a big bumper bag would be good i 'd say , you 'd get none of those sweets over in the states . 
  think of the pure joy on their face when they open a big bag of parma violets . 
  not all people in euskadi will learn basque though . 
  really depends on what part of the country you 're in . 
  i think it fits in perfectly with dublin 's georgian skyline, 
  they 're bad but they 're no translink , mate . 
  he 's meant to be starring in a bollywood action film but i have n't seen anything about it since it was announced earlier this year . 
  give us spain , tbh mate . 
  aye we 're just into blowing eachother up for the craic like , that 's it . 
  not cus some fucks in london were killing us or nothing like ... 
  derry 's majestic triumph in the 1993 all-ireland . 
  drug dealers in belfast still look like this lad tbf, 
  man that recording of molinos de viento just sounds so off, 
  a sneaky fucking offaly leaf trying to worm its way into munster . 
  glad you caught the bastard , op . 
  belfast giants have a couple of games in that time . 
  could be a bit of novelty for an aussie i guess . 
  it 's a good enough night out . 
  go tell the gaa or county council then ( assuming you are n't in dublin ), 
  i have an essay to hand in for 5 and ive done fuck all . 
  i ca n't really moan about football . 
  everything 's going fine ; even being 2-0 down to motherwell has the upside that we played fantastically afterwards . 
  the champions league was kinda disappointing but we were in a ridiculous group and despite not winning still played admirably against city and barca . 
  it 's good to be green right now tbh . 
  edit : i guess i can moan about liverpool . 
  ye lot can fuck off from moussa . 
  mine was 1500 words tbf like , even it i could n't moan about . 
  i literally do fuck all at uni . 
  underwhelming in the league maybe , they were fantastic against us . 
  especially that game they were 4 men down from the starting 11 .
