  aye i know, 
  no one seems to be complainig about the big `` l\u00edofa '' ads evwrywhere in belfast though , surprisingly enough . 
  i would n't call the causeway shite now like . 
  it 's a lovely place to go on a walk about like , especially on a nice day . 
  not sure i 'd spend one of my few days in ireland going there though . 
  if yer not into a nice walk , yeah i can see it being not much different than anywhere else . 
  if you are into nature and rocks and all that shite , then it 's perfect . 
  tcd is good especially as you 'd be right in the centre of dublin , but do n't forget ucd as well which is a great uni in an off itself and only like 3/4km from the city centre . 
  that 's not even to mention galway and cork as well . 
  and i have to say take a look at queen 's university belfast ( and not just cus it 's where i 'm from ... ), 
  what is irish for `` my mate 's getting his hole '' ? 
  a duchess in a republic doesnt make much sense, 
  no , it 's grand . 
  we still have the best fry . 
  beer . 
  if not beer , cider or just a soft drink ; club orange or something . 
  up here in the north they were massively popular at the time , although the general opinion has turned away from violent republicanism as a whole . 
  you wo n't find to many of the people today shouting up the ra that would have been 30 years ago . 
  they are n't liked now . 
  many ( like 99 % ) of people here do n't want to go back to violence , so when you mention the provos they have a negative opinion cus they do n't want that any more . 
  plenty of people who saw what they were doing , at least towards the army , as legitimate then do n't support them any more because to them , and to everyone else , the time for violence is gone . 
  well they did on some occasions , like at kingsmill . 
  although i suppose you could say that was a groups of radical men who were members of the pira . 
  this is what is so weird about the provos , half their actions are looked up as , while not being good , not entirely reprehensible , while the other half is deplored by both sides . 
  het report says it was pira men , whether it was ordered by the army council or not we will never really know , just like with enniskillen . 
  i do n't know , i guess i 'm not getting what i was trying to say well . 
  but like the provos seem to have that weird mix like where people ignore the proper bad shit and are like `` well if you ignore this , they were fine '' . 
  it 's not like you can really separate the actions against the army and those against civilians with anyone else , but everyone here does with them . 
  it 's more within the context of ireland i 'm looking at ( maybe even more specifically the north as that 's all i can really talk for ) . 
  i 've never met anyone that defends any of the actions of the rira , cira or whatever dissidents ; everything they 've done is seen as wrong , whether against the army , ruc or civilians . 
  the same just is n't true for the provos . 
  i know what happened , i live here . 
  i know what they did , i 'm just saying it 's weird that they are n't held to the same level as any of the other groups that operated , whether it be dissidents now or even the inla and stickies . 
  i know what catholics were and to an extent still are . 
  that does n't really explain it though . 
  even people who do n't agree with the pira seem to hold them less accountable for their actions than anyone else, 
  fair enough like, 
  i 'd say `` christ '' , or if i 'm feeling a bit culchie `` holy mary mother of god '', 
  know a great lad from there , formed our gaa club in belfast back in the 70s . 
  one hell of man . 
  cant say ive ever met someone from laois though . 
  im not convinced it exists . 
  aye , as gloriously bad as ever, 
  carryduff, 
  is central america not just a sub-section of north america ? 
  most people i know here would call mexico central america . 
  beautiful fucking day out and i 'm stuck in the house trying to finish a uni application i should have had done 4 months ago . 
  i 'm fecking useless . 
  grim craic up in belfast . 
  i do n't want to walk around with a bunch of shitfaced culchies . 
  just stay at home and watch the football and the rugby . 
  exactly . 
  yer mostly fine for the 2 or 3 hours a day you are n't . 
  no joke , when i get the bust home at 1pm there is always students drinking in pubs like . 
  do yousins never take a day off ? 
  but all the students here are culchies . 
  we try to escape belfast as quickly as possible , the culchies seem attracted to it . 
  lovely may be stretching it like , but if all ye 've ever known is a van that comes to your house 2 times a month , i suppose anything is lovely . 
  so my cousins were the lucky ones ? 
  christ . 
  viking invasion expansiom for medieval 1 , kingdoms for medieval 2 . 
  massive amount of mods for the second game too , a number of which also include ireland . 
  except irish is an official language . 
  op , all the story is is evidence of pure sectarianism from the dup . 
  their colour is maroon , theyre pretty daycent at hurling , their uni has low grades and thats fine for me . 
  good lads ( i imagine , never actually been . ), 
  sainsbury 's always has at least some stuff . 
  if you 're near belfat , sawer 's has a good selection, 
  the spanish i 'm learning is from spain , so i had more or less no clue about any of the others . 
  most of the 9 i got were lucky guesses . 
  id say amongst my mates its probably jack thats a bit more popular , but aye jameson 's is really popular, 
  i was home by like 7 , went on a nice walk when i got home . 
  nothing wrong with being home early , but his mates bailing on him is shit . 
  birds kept me up at like 2 in the morning though . 
  cunty flying bastards . 
  what do uou think it is like for union fans who arent supporting them cus it 's the `` in '' thing to do . 
  the increased attendence must be good , but they must get pissed sometimes like, 
  because it is his middle name ? 
  winner ? 
  ireland, 
  runner-up ? 
  northern ireland, 
  best player ? 
  shane long, 
  worst performing team ? 
  dark horse ? 
  ireland, 
  top scorer ? 
  shane long, 
  breakout star/young player ? 
  bold predictions ? 
  ireland to make it out of the groups . 
  that actually looks pretty nice to be fair . 
  all good . 
  uni applications done , work mostly done , celtic actually won . 
  it 's all good . 
  cheers man . 
  16 applications in , only one rejection ( turns out i applied twice to the same thing in edinburgh ) . 
  we should be grand . 
  nah man , more the opposite :p the more choice the better the chances,
