  yer just a freeshtatin ' british spy invading this good irish , republican forum . 
  christ this is horrific . 
  i 've never been in a pub that advertised itself as an `` irish pub '' that was run by irish people . 
  all of them i 've been to in spain have been run by the english . 
  i 'm with you , ca n't stand hollywood at all . 
  british menu is a far better show in my opinion, 
  well seeing as the ref was 100 % poland not sure what arse you 've pulled that from . 
  lewandowskie should have been sent off about 8 times over for his disgraceful fucking diving . 
  exactly . 
  lewandowski must be well rested now after spending the whole match on the ground . 
  sorry mate , but getting kicked in the face inside the box happens to be a penalty . 
  and yes , we are shite , but , sorry to break it to you , without that diving cunt you are no better . 
  o'shea should have been sent off sooner , aye . 
  but lewandowski should n't have made it into the second half . 
  it could just be a western map made by people who did n't recognise east germany, 
  im unsure , but i have seen maps not showing it before made in england and the us . 
  i dont think the brd ever actually did . 
  ireland somehow make it in , our lord and saviour shane long leads us to a final against the dreaded north who also makes it to the final using paramilitary style intimidation tactics . 
  the game is called off after 7 minutes . 
  i mean he could mean fries , like a fry , but i mean what 's a fry without potatobread anyway . 
  where 's the potato or soda bread , lad ? 
  you get to lord it over nordie cops cus garda\u00ed is a far cooler name . 
  you will , however , still be a guard, 
  he is a right dour old cunt, 
  how did n't it work up here ? 
  all the glorious tourist money we get from american tourists looking at the peace walls is what keeps us afloat . 
  only down milk . 
  all milk from the other 31 counties is shirt and i refuse to accept anything else from outside of ireland as milk, 
  [ i really like rayo 's ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/d8/rayo_vallecano_logo.svg/1161px-rayo_vallecano_logo.svg.png ), 
  exactly . 
  a good proletarian badge . 
  i 'm happy giving the brits donegal and tyrone for our freedom . 
  i think we are trying to be honest . 
  why else would we keep playing efi ? 
  les mis\u00e9rables is clearly the best musical , no competition . 
  orange . 
  i 'm pretty sure they only say green white and gold in songs and stuff because it 's easier to rhyme with gold than orange . 
  i 'm going to the netherlands for a uni open day tomorrow and if i do end up going there i have no clue what to do with football there . 
  i 've always kinds of liked psv but it 's a trek away from where i 'd be going , so going to a matches would n't be easy . 
  are den haag expensive to go see ? 
  i 'd obviously like something cheap to see , that 's the problem . 
  i 'd be going to leiden , but the course is in den haag . 
  den haag seems like the best option , but eveyone does say feyenoord fans are the best craic though, 
  cheers man !, 
  well if they get along with celtic i guess they 're the only option then !, 
  ajax was never an option !, 
  i got a psv shirt when i was really young in portugal ( my brothers told me they were a portuguese team ) . 
  some drunk dutch guy saw me wearing it and shouted fuck ajax at me , i was confused but the attitudehas stuck with me . 
  sparta do look cool though , our have a really interesting looking stadium . 
  i 'm applying for international studies, 
  cheers man !, 
  i 'll definitely make sure to . 
  how hard would it be to get to feyenoord from the hague ? 
  i know rotterdam is n't that far away , but it 's a big place . 
  awesome !, 
  how did you find this out by the way ? 
  it could prove helpful when figuring stuff out there . 
  yeah it does , cheers man !, 
  yeah will do . 
  thanks man . 
  will do !, 
  we shall construct 107,000 bunkers in your name , comrade !, 
  exactly !, 
  deport the liberals and install the people 's soviet !, 
  workers of the world unite !, 
  brian boru . 
  those vikings were getting a bit out of hand . 
  decent enough lads , a bit racist but what can ya do . 
  not us in belfast . 
  we reserve our hatred for those of other religions . 
  bien is a spanish word too in fairness , just not right . 
  the guys who do the commentary on bbc scotland are all right . 
  rt\u00c9 's pundits are good , but mostly cus it 's fun seeing them bicker . 
  i went to a hun school up in the non-free shtate . 
  a bunch of bastards . 
  nah , they 're good lads ( most of my mates are prods clearly ) . 
  they 're just like catholics but with less eating our god . 
  a teacher in our school ( the chaplain , a methodist i think ) always went on about having to live in the south , waterford or cork i think , and he always went on about he felt welcomed there . 
  there was one story i think of some wee dick trying to burn down the methodist church ( again , i think it 's methodist , not that it really matters ) , but he says it was more about him being a bored teen than any real sectarianism . 
  south africa . 
  i just ca n't bring myself to say argentina , i have too many bad experiences with them . 
  in order of prerference though probably . 
  south africa, 
  argentina, 
  australia, 
  new zealand, 
  i 've just never really liked them . 
  not much more beyond that really . 
  why do you want to go to killarney out of curiosity ? 
  i really do n't like mccaw, 
  rubs me the wrong way, 
  i went to watch an ireland argentina match and it was pretty boring ( i think ireland was winning like 12-9 or something ) and my da wanted to leave early . 
  i said no , but fuck that he left like 5 minutes early and and as we were leaving ireland scored a try . 
  i have blamed my da 's poor decision making on argentina ever since . 
  also when you get argentinians in spanish listening tests it 's impossible to understand you , yousins do n't speak spanish . 
  are you doubting in the power of comrade bernie , tovarisch ? 
  he will lead us into the glorious revolution , overthrowing the capitalist system and will lead the vanguard to the whitehouse !, 
  i 'm shocked iniesta has n't . 
  the most famous dcfc is clearly derry city football club . 
  dcfc !,
