  becaude nothing is happening yet , moldova have a nice kit, 
  confidence growing . 
  dont know about quality but `` until the last rebel '' on facebook posted a stream saying its hd . 
  could try that, 
  i really like it . 
  thinking about getting one now if i can ( well , as long as we win ), 
  confidence falling, 
  was thessaloniki greek during most of that time ? 
  were they not only really 30/40 % of the population , with most of the rest being jews or turks ? 
  i seem to remember hearing thessaloniki had one of the largest jewish populations in europe until the second world war . 
  thon is a super culchie ( country folk ) word in ireland, 
  aye more or less , can refer to people too though . 
  big shoutout to the shah 's kitchen in yorkhill . 
  best place in glasgow . 
  big man himself gave us 6 free wings for my journey home . 
  the bench has enough talent , not sure about the starting 11, 
  i know its hearsay from a random internet lad so believe us if ye want , but my uncles mate was part of the staff in old trafford , like a fixer kond of guy . 
  he said he used to get constant calls from evra to replace lightbulbs in his house at like 3 in the morning cus evra didnt know how . 
  said he is the stupidest player thats ever played in manchester but also a very nice guy , if just clueless . 
  i thought it sounded a bit silly that a twenty something lad couldnt change a light bulb but my uncle says he 's not one to bullshit and i believe my uncle . 
  its hard not to like evra after all that stuff with park though . 
  yeah but he said it was only evra that got him to do it , and always at really weird times on the morning . 
  although that first bit makes sense i guess, 
  it tastes exactly the same but at least they wont get magners with a shitter english one of the same name, 
  wow a small club mentality from a small club . 
  the mondays after the all-irelands would be good . 
  parents were saying it 's been fucking lashing and even a bit of thunder and lighting the last few days . 
  has n't reached glasgow yet , hope it all fucks off south instead . 
  edit : i spoke too soon . 
  just started raining . 
  payin 9000 a year for 10 hours of class a week for about 16 weeks a year . 
  that 's grim to think about . 
  if i think about it as 9000 a year for a big sesh then it seems a bit more reasonable . 
  i guess that 's balanced out me sunday . 
  absolutely fucking wrecked though , cant be bothered going out to get eggs so i guess i 'm stuck with only bacon for breakfast . 
  raise nordie tayto to the same level as freeshtatin tayto and kings and make it compulsory in all pubs . 
  [ pure fucking sex ] ( http://www.homebutchers.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/dsc_0290-1-1024x681.jpg ), 
  it 's not `` acceptable '' , it 's correct . 
  james ' would be wrong . 
  potato bread on the left , soda bread on the right, 
  brazil put turkey out in the semi-finals of the 2002 world cup . 
  that might have some effect . 
  you probably understood them cus everyone in edinburgh is english, 
  yep , it 's always us . 
  was in a wedding in louth not that long ago and asked for harp . 
  barman told us not to get it cus they had n't pourn a pint in about 6 months . 
  said no one drinks it there anymore . 
  saw the same thing in glasgow last week with celtic and rangers, 
  mate , now 's your chance for something funky . 
  fuck the english version , try and get a yoruba translation or something . 
  be the whitest nigerian in town . 
  just in from a great night out in belfast with me mates . 
  amazing to be home , gutted to have to go back to glasgow tomorrow . 
  my neck wrecks , ive a big cut on me foot and i have to get on a plane later that may as well be a washing machine but im good like . 
  going to watch celtic and get a big massive roast from ma . 
  hoping it keeps me fed for a week . 
  no one speaks scots anywhere in ulster, 
  welp, 
  what happened to cliftonville ? 
  7 points behind crus and them with a game in hand . 
  we were incredibly unlucky not to have one by 4 or 5 goals , even without the shite refereeing . 
  how easy do you think it would be to get unskilled work in argentina for a few months ( like june/july/august ) ? 
  i know we used to have one of those working abroad visa thingys with argentina like we have with australia but i think that 's gone now . 
  i 'm doing spanish in uni right mow and my spanish is pretty good , still ca n't understand argentines for fuck though, 
  i 'm mostly just looking to work somewhere spanish speaking for a few months , do n't really care where . 
  ask those lads in the restaurant if they want an authentic irishman, 
  good lad yerself, 
  do n't know how . 
  heard people saying my thick belfast accent was sexy once ; i guess some people hear `` irish '' and their mind just imagines what i sound like instead of how i actually do . 
  we dont even say that though is the thing . 
  i say at and more like hink than dat or tink . 
  also when i speak its more like `` ah '' than `` i '', 
  depends . 
  where i 'm from a pastie is battered potato and sausage meat ; nothing like a cornish pasty, 
  never heard it before . 
  guessing from the other responses its a dublin thing, 
  have a big fucking beard and be almost 2m tall . 
  worked for me . 
  failing that , try and turn up early . 
  earlier you turn up the far less stringent on id bouncers tend to be . 
  well yeah of course it does , if you 're tall you look older than all the wee lads around you, 
  i was reading in the paper the other day that cod stocks in the atlantic are at a 30 year high . 
  i think they 're traits that work for every gender, 
  not in catholicism . 
  wine becomes the blood of christ . 
  half a kilo of basmati in mine . 
  yer off to a start here , op, 
  have a look at the bottom shelf , where they keep the big 10 and 15kg bags . 
  they usually have 5 or 6 of both of those as well, 
  i went to usha a couple of weeks a go with my ma . 
  bit different but it was easily the best indian food i 've ever eaten . 
  you think itd be welcoming to big fat uncooridinated cunts ? 
  cus id defo be interested . 
  i think it 's mostly people who work there , like backroom staff etc. 
  legea i think ? 
  because it is n't called gaelic in anything . 
  it 's irish in english or gaeilge in the language itself . 
  they are . 
  they 've just been told that the uk , sweden and germany are the safest and best places to be , so they want to go there . 
  autumn , unless it starts snowing .
