  this reminds me very much of fallout for some reason . 
  and the british only ever sent tanks in once ( with their guns turned around and covered , they were used to remove roadblocks ) . 
  and this is me speaking as a hardline republican , just saying . 
  republican areas will always use green , white and orange . 
  gold was always used in songs because it is a lot easier to rhyme with gold than orange , you 'll rarely if ever find a flag here with gold on it . 
  nobody likes it ( they just look dirty and faded ) . 
  no sweat . 
  better to try and help out when i 'm doing nothing at night than just feck about with youtube . 
  what you could do is have the child born here ( not sure the wife would be up for it though ) . 
  make 'em one of our own . 
  then you 'd have a claim to being a real paddy . 
  i 'm not sure how it works to be fair . 
  finding work might be the harder part . 
  it 's the advantages of being an eu citizen . 
  it 's a wonderful place to be . 
  christ , that 's a lot of money . 
  i 'd be staying over there if i was yousins . 
  retirement certainly sounds like a far more feasible option . 
  good luck to ye either way . 
  poland could have so fucking won that war on their own . 
  have you seen their hats ? 
  no way any frenchie or russian could have beat those hats . 
  do n't include anything you are n't actually willing to trade . 
  it happens a lot . 
  ive been guilty of doing it meself, 
  awesome to see people from back home playing . 
  cheers for the link !, 
  those are incredible . 
  i 'd love to see giants causeway mountains as well . 
  it 's common all over here , but it 's `` bout ye ? '', 
  what does a `` nordy accent '' sound like to you ? 
  because there is far , far more than one . 
  that last sentence is just such nonsense . 
  what confuses me more is that he kind of looks like my uncle joe . 
  the only bad thing is it looks like you had trouble picking what colours to go with . 
  it 's like you 've never met someone from ireland in your life . 
  this is just such bollocks i can only really believe that you are trolling . 
  then you must have seen the only irish people to forward that opinion . 
  i 've never seen a single person here ever use the line of argument `` i 'm going to heaven because the english hate me '' . 
  not once . 
  is 4 chain to the rocks not a bit ambitious off 7 mountains ? 
  personally i 'd replace them with an extra strike , doom and 2 bile blights . 
  ( missed them being in sideboard , sorry ), 
  i 'd put the thoughtseizes in the main . 
  and those people still will not make that argument . 
  being from belfast , you 'd think i would have encountered such speaking if it were the case . 
  fair point . 
  missed them being in sideboard ( and somehow missed the bile blights too ) . 
  but if you had 8 loyalty on ugin you could -4 twice . 
  go on me boyo , you can do it . 
  well at least abzan midrange decks will still be good in modern without pod . 
  at least you 'll have a base for one of those . 
  i feel for you , man . 
  most of those cards are not standard legal , in case that is your fnm 's format . 
  lsv 's review is fantastic . 
  awesome . 
  hopefully we 'll see more big tournaments come to europe soon . 
  celtic, 
  i know . 
  i was more hoping maybe this could see some scg opens coming over here . 
  wow , that looks incredible . 
  do you have that stuff over there ? 
  standard : draw my deck , hit you for more or less 100000000000000, 
  mono-green devotion, 
  eidolon , strength from the fallen and lots of mana . 
  here we go again , we 're on the road again, 
  we 're on the road again, 
  we 're on our way to paradise, 
  for then those evil eyes, 
  they have no place in paradise !, 
  it was n't an idol though , it was just a statue , there was nothing particularly religious about it ( you know , it was n't put up by/for neo-pagans ) . 
  cliftonville , without doubt . 
  you could also try and catch a gaa match if one is on while yer here . 
  there should be a national league game . 
  well the text below is just the flavour text . 
  so either it should be italicized , or spanish flavour text is n't / was n't italicized . 
  i think he was referring to moyes going to sociedad being weird . 
  good . 
  maybe this will help , if even a little . 
  favourite off the top of my head would be burning tree shaman , best i 've pulled would be elspeth/thoughtseize/kiora . 
  10-20 minutes when i get a lift . 
  25-80 minutes by bus ( i live in a very small city , we just have a shite bus service ) . 
  yes please . 
  [ [ leatherback baloth ] ] and [ [ giant growth ] ] for green . 
  one is an incredibly efficient , big creature . 
  the other is a spell that makes your other creatures into big creatures . 
  they just some up green really well for me . 
  good to know i 'm not a real celtic fan because i 'm not from glasgow . 
  i feel so enlightened . 
  this appears to be quite new . 
  the first liliana art is just beautiful, 
  out of curiosity , what do you mean by `` pure control '' ? 
  does uwr not count as a `` pure control '' deck or is it just not good enough to be , well , good ? 
  cheers for the response . 
  that explains it . 
  see what match ups your deck was bad against , what you did well , what you could have done better and just try and remember that for next time . 
  keep playing and hopefully some of it sticks . 
  posting a deck-list could help so some of the others here could give you advice ( unless it is standard mono-green , i 'm a bit useless on that part ) . 
  he seemed to know his deck inside and out . 
  hopefully we 'll see him at more events in the future .
