lol , they were all acting like they never seen a woman before . 
  lol loved the not-so-regal reaction, 
  that pony has better hairstyle than some girls i know, 
  we beat the french , the brits and the germans . 
  good enough . 
  lago di carezza - trentino alto adige - italy - europe, 
  you are asking for a friend , right ? 
  hey now , `` i love you '' is a big word , let 's just say i tolerate you, 
  this is like saying water is wet, 
  yep , seen em some years ago , even tho they did n't really took off here , perhaps we are a bit traditionalist about gelato . 
   i have 5 friends for close to 30 years now and none of us moved out from our parent 's home until we all had enough money to buy something for ourselves . 
  that 's exactly what an economic issue sounds like to me, 
  if you do n't have money you ca n't go on holidays nor rent an apartment . 
  the main reason people do n't go out of their parent 's home is economic , is not lazyness and not a cultural problem . 
  if you do n't have money to go on holidays you also do n't have money to rent an apartment and go live on your own . 
  i believe that includes holidays paid by parents, 
  deja vu someone posted this yesterday, 
  uhm , like how the eu made a big fuss when our government talked about nationalize alitalia, 
  or to better phrase it : it was a triumph for italians because zidane was an idiot , lol, 
   theresa may 's government has commissioned a report assessing the impact of european union workers on the british economy a year after she first took office , prompting questions as to ** why such a brexit study was n't conducted earlier . 
  ** because no one thought brexit was actually gon na happen back then, 
  not like they could do something about it ... 
  it did n't take place yet , i just do n't get this tug-of-war also i thought nationalizations were against eu regulations, 
  hollande finalized the deal for a 2/3 ownership by fincantieri , now macron changed idea and decided for a 50/50 deal . 
  why did they sold it in the first place then ? 
  so like they want the money but do n't wan na give it away . 
  like if i sell my car but wan na keep driving it . 
  sharks need food every once in a while too, 
  oh yup , those are expensive af nowadays . 
  that 's hail , not snow . 
  and hail storms are more common in summer . 
  there was a huge hail storm today in italy as well , to the opposite side of the adriatic . 
  my theory about the existence of fidget spinner is cause some factory in china had a ball bearing surplus they had to get rid of . 
  censorship is the best advertising, 
  what about legs ? 
  who said europe is dead ? 
  sweden is not even a place , is a state of mind !, 
  i was joking ofc , mostly cause here corbyn is seen as a left wing politician and for some people his statement sounds a bit like that . 
  * `` fucking immigrants stealing our jobs '' * / s, 
  that map was inspired by amalfi coast villages in fact, 
  uniforms here were abolished in the 70s cause they were seen as a `` fascist '' relic, 
  every country is different and there are differences within each country , sorry but you got ta visit em all, 
  i feel you , everywhere italy is seen as the most corrupt country in the world , yet , speaking for myself , i never had to bribe anyone in my life and never had to give up on any service cause of that . 
  despite having more sunny days i believe we just get heavier showers, 
  til in rome rains more than in london, 
  what does the `` afrika '' number mean ? 
  just african people of non-specified nationality ? 
  wonder what would happen if you wear this in the usa, 
  they did n't do very well in latest local elections, 
  dear norwegian friends , can you all please start blowing toward the south ? 
  we could really use some chill air . 
  thanks, 
  pd is pushing for a vote of confidence on this matter , even tho they know they do n't have the numbers to make it pass . 
  basically they are using it as a casus belli to go to new elections asap . 
  it says `` if wind blows from land to sea please do n't use inflatable raft or you 'll get back home before time '' that part of adriatic sea is famous for very strong winds , the dreaded `` bora '', 
  every year the same old story indeed, 
  lol, 
  til, 
  i 'm waiting for the punchline as well, 
  because non-italians did n't comment yet :p jk, 
  looks like a teenager who just saw her favourite popstar/idol, 
  who 's a good ~ ~ boy ~ ~ president ? 
  it made me think of this http://i.imgur.com/uzyifbr.jpg lol, 
  * `` mr.president , do n't go too far or italian coast guard will `` rescue '' you and bring to italy '' *, 
  * `` shit , i forgot my rifle , let 's just salute and hope no one will notice '' * - soldier in the middle, 
  * `` this slice of cake is not the only thing i 'm gon na eat tonight '' *, 
   and the king of thailand the king of thailand to his chauffeur : * `` do.not.ask . 
  dude is huge, 
  shoes and tie/shirt are color coordinated for a moment i thought king of morocco lost a leg, 
  i wonder why there is a painting of venice on the wall [ edit ] nvm , just realized it 's trieste meeting, 
  he 's just a bit crispy atm . 
  it means `` i do n't know '', 
  amazing job , i really like the amsterdam one . 
  nope , not cause he 's black . 
  both bald , similar jaw line and they are wearing the same glasses too http://i.imgur.com/r3zqeth.jpg, 
  no idea , just fashion perhaps ? 
  the one behind angela merkel looks like morpheus btw, 
  is not like locals will start throwing rocks at you just for passing by tho . 
  xd perhaps you will just meet people minding their own business and not eager to interact with random stranger people . 
  unless it 's wrong, 
  exactly , from title alone i thought spain just moved troops across portuguese border, 
  upon closer inspection i found a rumanian flag in the back shelf , so i think you are right . 
  spain ? 
  italy ? 
  portugal ? 
  france ? 
  also it scream more of tourist attraction than a real wine cellar, 
  0.6 l and definitely yes , you 'd die , lol, 
  you can also tell cause is served in a plastic cup, 
  this is like comparing a shot of whiskey to a pint of beer , trust me you would n't drink a 20-oz cup of espresso . 
  zip, 
  i think i 've never seen a $ 500 note in person, 
  it 's called clickbait , we are all reading it , are n't we ? 
  yes you were , at the current stage of development africa ca n't sustain a huge increase in population , we are confusing cause and effect here . 
  til the sahara desert does n't exist , central africa rainforest does n't exist , all land is perfectly suited for agricolture , famine is non existant in africa , and everyone is well feed and healthy . 
  well i 'd like to hear why you think overpopulation is not a problem . 
  having lots of kids is nice and joyful until you run out of resources to feed them all . 
  then it becomes a problem . 
  some african countries having a demographical problem ? 
  austria and luxembourg score a good result tho .
