  nowadays is rare to see albanians portraied in a negative way, 
  speeding ( to an extent ofc ) lack of use of turning lights parking in `` no parking '' zones and other parking rules violations, 
  they are also expensive af, 
  the only reason to buy bottled water is for bubbles , otherwise i 'd just drink tap water, 
  i do n't see chinese as disliked tho , they run shops and rarely make it in the news . 
  they are perhaps a closed/not very integrated community but i do n't see em as disliked . 
  in rome , if you need to commute often from and to eur , i would look for a place along the path of metro `` b '' line, 
  machiavelli perhaps in italy the term `` machiavellico '' is seen as synonymous of sharp intelligence while elsewhere is seen as immoral behavior , dishonesty etc. 
  most liked : i 'd say filipinos most disliked : probably gypsies and northern africans, 
  i use cash mostly for grocery shopping at street markets and for little expenses . 
  at supermarkets and for bigger spendings i use cc, 
  ^ this, 
  15 $ for a bottle of water ??? 
  where the hell have you been dining at ? 
  none, 
  all of them, 
  we drink tap water in italy , and , especially in rome tap water is on par if not better than bottled water . 
  the only time i drink bottled water is when i 'm out or just want to drink carbonated water . 
  pizza-kebab is becoming a pretty common street food, 
  my grandma was born in 1910 , in trento ( which at the time was still part of austria ) did n't remember much of wwi as she was just a kid when it was over and civilians were marginally involved by it . 
  she tho remembered wwii pretty well , mostly the bombings , and when retreating german soldiers stole all their bicycles and civilian clothes . 
  my other grandparents died when i was still an infant so i do n't have memories of them, 
  i think is mainly because air traffic is much more restricted/regulated here than it is in the usa , you ca n't jump on a chopper and fly around wherever you want . 
  you ca n't take off without a flight plan registered in advance , and ofc you ca n't predict where and when a chase is gon na happen . 
  what annoys me is when i hear something like `` my grand-grandpa was italian , i 'm italian , i know what italy is like '' even tho they never put foot here . 
  i do n't care what your ancestry is , for me an italian is someone who was raised here , no matter their ethnicity . 
  90m ^ 2 and i live alone , but this was my parents apartment , now they live in the countryside . 
  we have one of the biggest canadair 's fleet in europe , so yeah pretty common . 
  same as here basically , well , not like we are too far apart xd, 
  valentine 's day is not something new tbh, 
  is even worse if you work freelance, 
  montenegro perhaps, 
  if you fly into rome it would be a pity not to visit the city since you are there . 
  october in rome is still warm enough to wear just a t-shirt or a light sweater during the day and adding a light jacket in the evening . 
  beside some random showers it 's one of the best time of the year to visit the city , very less crowded by tourists . 
  yes , even tho red one is more common here . 
  their hips do n't lie tho, 
  sounds a lot like italy right now, 
  i 'm roman as well , but strangely enough i get along pretty well with milan people, 
  same here , in march you can either go skiing in the alps or take a bath in sardinian sea . 
  i think we stopped producing em even tho they are still legal and circulating, 
  playing tombola ( bingo ) with family , fire fireworks , throw old objects out the window , eat lenticchie e zampone/cotechino , eat panettone , pandoro , torrone , and tons of other sweets , drink lots of spumante . 
  went grocery shopping just this morning nectarines - 1 $ x kg apples - 1.30 $ x kg peaches - 0.80 $ x kg cherries - 3 $ x kg these are prices in rome local/street markets , in mall/supermarkets prices are usually higher beside special offers . 
  prices tend to vary a lot in different cities in italy, 
  i 'm pretty sure lucy was a bitch , i should be ashamed for her since i share some of her genes ... ^ / s self loathing based on genes is fucking ridiculous p.s. 
  i hope i 'll not have to explain who lucy is xd, 
   the s.t. 
  class who sung osteria numero 2 for an hour completely out of tone and with a thick german accent being roman i would have laughed like crazy , lmao why did n't you take a video of such performance ? 
  can confirm, 
   is that seen as a real insult in italy ? 
  yup , sometimes i feel like outside of italy they think we have some kind of romanticized view of mafia and other criminal organizations , mostly coming from movies like the godfather , etc. 
  when actually most of us sees mafia just for what it is , criminals . 
  yes , written spanish is pretty easy to understand btw , imho written rumanian is even more intelligible with italian, 
  lol , like we speak italian adding an s after every word and pretend to be speaking spanish that way . 
  italian and spanish are intelligible to some extent , spanish and italian people can somehow understand each other speaking their own language ( adding some gesticulation in between ) what triggered me was the fact that this person thought italian was a language derived from spanish , when in reality they are both romance languages with a common ancestor . 
  yup , homeschooling should be limited to just primary/elementary school anyway , too many subjects of study in highschool . 
  same, 
  can confirm , never heard of him before, 
  i wear flip flops, 
  and smaller version like the one i posted is called `` borsello '', 
  in the summer you do n't wear jackets here so a bag like this https://images-eu.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41zzpbghzll._ac_ul260_sr200,260_.jpg is pretty useful to bring phone , wallet , keys , etc. 
  indeed . 
  in the last 100 years , apart from wwii , i would say irpinia earthquake in 1980 and vajont dam disaster in 1963 even tho messina earthquake of 1908 was even worse , with ~ 100k casualties, 
   they take sarcasm seriously imho that 's just a language barrier issue , there are subtle difference in speech when someone is being sarcastic that a non native speaker ca n't acknowledge . 
  illegal , unless parents are actually qualified to teach . 
  and yeah , there is also the socialization issue . 
  this is common for most countries , the * `` i visited 5 cities and 40 monuments in 7 days and now i know everything about your country '' * attitude xd, 
  regarding language : italian is like some spanish knockoff , right ? 
  lol yes , is pretty normal to shower twice a day in the summer here , unless you like sticky clothes, 
  i believe that , like most of other european cliches , dates back to wwii , but then again i do n't think lots of women shaved their armpits in america either . 
  gotcha , was curious cause apparently for the other way around ( italian citizens traveling to ireland ) an id is enough . 
  macerata and orvieto are the first 2 that comes to mind , also calcata is nice too, 
  i believe you do n't even need a passport , a valid id would suffice . 
  cause eu and stuff, 
   we want nice weather , beaches and good nightlife . 
  rimini whole town is basically a huge club on the beach . 
   going to italy and paying to go to church . 
   also putting a coin in a machine in order to light the electric candles it 's one of the most common forms of donation indeed, 
  not just younger generations , i 'm in my 40s and i watch much less tv than in the past , beside news and some movie/series i rarely watch tv . 
  the internet being the main reason . 
  italian red - rosso orange - arancio or arancione yellow - giallo green - verde blue - blu indigo - indaco purple - viola, 
   also old ladies talking about their back pain , or what they bought at the market is somewhat common . 
  and if you encourage them they will tell you the story of their life :p, 
  could be that too indeed . 
  yup , ending a totalitarian government does n't mean you automatically achieve democracy , look at libya , there is no more gheddafi 's regime but they are still pretty far away from democracy . 
  democracy should be the ultimate goal , sadly is impossible to just flip a switch . 
  lol nah , no staring competitions , would be weird to just stare at each other silently , a `` the fuck are you looking at ? '', 
  will occur xd, 
  some themed party perhaps ? 
  on the metro everyone mostly ignores each other , is not usual to sit next to another person when car is empty but mostly for comfort reasons , though is not rare to see someone wanting to just small talk . 
  in other closed environments like elevators , etc. 
  is sometimes considered rude to not small talk , like in a doctor or dentist waiting room . 
  in italy i believe is often a way to say : * `` we are required by law to have a toilet yet we hate when you use it '' * thing . 
  lol those are very rare nowadays , but i do n't see any explanation other than that since installing a normal bowl is n't much more expensive at all . 
  every day in the morning during summer . 
  and after every workout/bike ride . 
  shampoo , always , unless i feel my hair being too dry . 
  as for brand , w/e cheap brand i find . 
  good morning mr. cat, 
  a yogurt , rusks and a cup of espresso,
