have you thought of a career in politics ? 
  you too !, 
  all right , you 're straw manning the fuck out of me . 
  i 'm not talking about the niqab or islamic dress or religious attire vs. social attire . 
  i 'm talking about cultural values of modesty vs. freedom . 
  and i 've been extremely careful not to generalise . 
  that 's all i have to say now , clearly we have to agree to disagree . 
  i 'm probably not as riled up as you think . 
  i just find it sad and stupid . 
  if you see it as a welcoming gesture then more power to you . 
  for me , it 's more than that because of what it symbolises . 
  women in many muslim-majority countries ( not just the theocracies ) can not dress how they want without being harassed/abused/assaulted . 
  that 's a simple fact . 
  people fleeing such countries come to places like finland where , in theory and in principle , women where what the hell they want . 
  it 's symbolic of something bigger than clothes , right ? 
  it 's a civil liberty to wear what you want without fear . 
  that 's why it rubs me the wrong way when people in such free countries go out of their way to censor themselves . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  you 're entitled to not see it that way and think i 'm over-reacting , but my view stays the same . 
  do n't be a pillock . 
  first , i have n't said it 's being forced on me . 
  that does n't mean i ca n't have an opinion on it . 
  second , egypt is not `` a muslim country '' . 
  the 2014 constitution explicitly bans political parties from being based on religion . 
  and anyone who knows anything about egypt has seen the effect constitutional islamisation has had on that society . 
  there 's a video out there of nasser cracking jokes about the muslim brotherhood asking women to wear the veil , if you look for it . 
  and no i 'm not taking them as an example for all muslim majority countries . 
  i specifically said in my comment `` islamic theocracies '' . 
  the whole point is that this is not something muslims want or need in general , and yet people are willing to give it to them * anyway * . 
  seriously , read my comments . 
  it 's all there . 
  that 's the type of nice gesture i can do without . 
  if you think it 's a mundane thing , try wearing what you want in islamic theocracies as a muslim woman . 
  then you 'll understand why i find it sad that many are so eager to sympathise with such a culture . 
  safer in what way ? 
  i have n't had food poisoning or anything in all my years of eating non-halal food . 
  but if people believe that/if there 's evidence to support it , then they 're entitled to eat halal meat , that 's fine by me . 
  i do n't think university money should pay for a selective religious issue , though . 
  me personally or my university ? 
  if i were against spending money on food i 'd be dead . 
  and for university , i 'm fine with them subsidising food in general . 
  but funding halal food is a political/religious cause which is by nature discriminatory . 
  i do n't mean that in the butthurt `` discrimination !!! '', 
  way , i just mean it 's exclusionary , divisive , selective , etc. 
  that goes against '' ** univers ** ity '' principles to me . 
  yeah i do n't shop anywhere i know the food is halal-slaughtered ( dhabihah ) since i personally find it unnecessary . 
  but i 'm not a vegetarian so i 'm a hypocrite , and i suppose it 's ok if people do n't mind dhabihah . 
  * but * i 'm absolutely against university money going towards it , especially in a city with a large muslim population and tons of choice for halal food . 
  actually i 'm not sure if it 's a whole day or just a few hours ... 
  but yep . 
  they advertised it like it was some ethnic gathering but i still found it pretty shocking . 
  not exclusive to our unis to be fair . 
  but uni-subsidised halal food , muslim only swimming days , `` safe space '' days ( no whites allowed ) at various places , etc. 
  holy shit are you in for a treat if you ever go to a british university . 
  yeah . 
  and my finnish is crap , but from what my girlfriend says , the muslims they talked to said they did n't care how the women dressed . 
  it 's still another case of brainwashed idiots giving up their civil liberties without a fight before anyone even has to challenge them . 
  absolutely . 
  eh , call it a difference of taste if you like . 
  but i sure as hell would n't want a celebration . 
   if you 're even capable of such a heroic act ... gee it 's like you know so much about me from this brief reddit conversation . 
  it 's the tone . 
  the policeman in question was driven to extreme measures , forced to fire his weapon and as a result injured a colleague and killed a man . 
  a pat on the back and a pint so they can remember how lucky they are to be going back to their families ? 
  yes . 
  but something about `` job well done , give them a commendation '' rubs me the wrong way . 
  you misunderstood my comment if you got any suggestion of that from it . 
  at the very least , might get a good story out of it . 
  never hurts to prod the crazy guy with a stick , y' know ? 
  you never know , maybe asking him to explain made him think '' ... wait a minute , i 'm full of shit ! '', 
  probably not , though . 
  they 're doing their job . 
  and at that , a horrible part of their job that they hopefully would never have wanted to do . 
  let 's leave the glorification to other countries . 
  jewish spite against europe is causing europe to accept large numbers of immigrants ? 
  can you elaborate on that ? 
  well yeah , that 's stupid . 
  we have tv licences too ... but you 're welcome to come in lieu of snarky swedes :d, 
  i 'd translate it as prospect here, 
  or more accurately , `` censorship '' . 
  and `` counter-productive '' . 
  i 've seen free ( government-run/subsidised ? ), 
  classes in strasbourg . 
  i doubt that it 's available everywhere , though . 
  and i would n't be surprised if enrolling were an administrative nightmare like a lot of things in france . 
  fair enough , you 've redeemed yourself . 
  that just makes it worse !, 
  sending tuts your way . 
  we 've also all had our umbrellas ~ ~ stolen ~ ~ borrowed indefinitely . 
  so we knowingly perpetuate the cycle to cash in on our karma . 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ do ^ ^ think ^ ^ he 's ^ ^ english ^ ^ though . 
  still queued though . 
   defense, 
  we need a word like kingdomers . 
  i think we would , if given the choice . 
  i 'll wait until they drop off some white goods and a sofa outside my house before i believe that . 
  i can agree there . 
  tokyo 's 32 degrees is slightly less comfortable than climbing into my oven in the uk . 
  france - comedy films please no . 
   it 's directly , in the realest possible sense related .
