  i would n't blame you for believing that , because that is a rational explanation to hold onto when your fellow americans prefer irrational justifications , like nationalised healthcare as slavery , and tax as theft . 
  but the usa has proven itself more than capable of delivering and maintaining infrastructure where it needs to . 
  poorer countries with sparser populations than america have managed it , too . 
  the wealth gap is n't going away ( at this rate ) , but guess what ? 
  an insurance-based healthcare system is part of that system that entrenches poverty in a country that falsely believes itself to be the champion of social mobility . 
  i truly sympathise with the millions of poor americans , whose interests are forgotten by almost everybody who makes it to a position where they gain the power to honour that duty . 
  as you can probably see , their twitter does not reply to accounts mentioning malvinas , but repeatedly uses the #falklands hashtag , and references current and historic ties to britain . 
  the . gov page also contains a link [ here ] ( http://www.falklands.gov.fk/self-governance/relationship-with-argentina/ ) explaining the island 's relationship with its `` aggressive neighbour '' , and no mention of the name islas malvinas , only falkland . 
  meanwhile , the comprehensive our islands ' history page [ here ] ( http://www.falklands.gov.fk/assets/ourislandsourhistory1.pdf ) only mentions las islas malvinas once , in explaining why falkland is an older and more valid name in their opinion , and the french origins of les isles malouines . 
  again , you 're not gon na get an official policy from messaging a diplomatic twitter account , but the attitude is very clear . 
  that being the case , this conversation is a dead end . 
  maybe we should ask them seeing as that assumption seems entirely baseless to me . 
  i do n't know , it would surprise me due to ~ ~ it 's ~ ~ its political dependence on the uk and its precarious geopolitical situation ; it 's probably not a good idea to bring it up . 
  the inhabitants call it that without exception , though , and voted overwhelmingly to remain affiliated with the uk and not argentina , which would indicate massive support for that name . 
  it 's pretty unambiguous even without a formal statement . 
  funny you should bring up india , where calcutta is now kolkata , madras is now tamil nadu and bombay is now mumbai . 
  if germany issues a statement that they wish to be called deutschland in english , as the ivory coast did in french , then we should respect that as we did with siam , rhodesia , etc. 
  it 's politically charged to call them that here , whereas it 's the default in argentina and vice versa . 
  really , the world should catch on and start calling it les falkland or whatever , in accordance with the denizens ' preferences , since it 's not uncommon to change names in a postcolonial context . 
  but it 's only a little place so most do n't really care . 
  as usual , better than all the usual suspects , and worse than all the usual suspects . 
  having lived in france , i 'd say about the same . 
  although i live in oxford now where it 's not a big problem , i have lived in much worse areas . 
  also lived in japan where the only litter i saw was mine because there was no bin in the entire railway station and i did n't want to take a stinky curry box onto the train , so i left it next to a vending machine and felt bad about it all day lol . 
  mince pies here , sorry . 
  and a carrot for his reindeer . 
  scotland superpower 2020 . 
  much of the working class holds very right-wing social views , though . 
  and the rise of ukip and its relatively legitimate political presence is what contributed most to the death of the bnp . 
  most : the people . 
  the mix of humour , classiness and classlessness , wit , language , manners and lack thereof . 
  least : the people . 
  and their fondness for binge-drinking , tabloid rags and bottom-of-the-barrel politics . 
  all of which rests upon a worrying attitude of distrust towards education and ambition . 
  also , financial inequality and an increasing tendency to view it as a natural thing that the government should do nothing -- about except perhaps exacerbate . 
    yhdistynyt as a welshman who knows a little finnish , i feel compelled to emphasise that y is a vowel . 
  it 's like ooh dee stoonoot . 
  volker seems a little on the nose . 
  probably the main thing i miss about living in france is the weather in alsace . 
  it 's like home , just a teeny bit warmer . 
  i guess you 're excluding muslims from that ? 
  for me most of the people i know are n't british , but out of the brits about 90 % are atheist or muslim . 
  i 'm sure some do , but they will surely be driven to extinction by the almighty , cholesterol . 
  has anyone ? 
  along with alfred/alfie , wilfred/wilfie . 
  those positions are not mutually exclusive . 
  but then i think a lot of us are less `` wtf '' than other countries . 
  we know very well that people will vote for anything to spite the status quo . 
  in the uk , scolding hot water is n't really an issue with most twin taps unless you leave them running for quite a while . 
  i guess it 's due to how the boiler is set up , but i 'm no expert . 
  while i would say that the mixer tap is objectively superior for precise temperatures , i have to say i 've managed to burn myself more often when abroad than in the uk , because it 's a lot easier to go straight to hot with a mixer . 
  when you run the warm tap , it 's not immediately hot . 
  it goes from cool to warm to hot , which is more than enough time to wash your hands in warm water . 
  i personally do n't mind washing my hands in cold water though and despite what some people think , warm water does n't help with the cleaning itself . 
  absolutely fine . 
  i do n't understand how anybody ever has any problem with them . 
  they 're quirky and kinda funny and pointless , true . 
  we keep them around for that reason , it 's aesthetic and quaint as opposed to mixers which can seem a bit clinical . 
  i have never had much difficulty getting the desired temperature , though . 
  it 's a ( n upper ? ), 
  i do it with one line of the family but not the other lol . 
  only applies among women and with a man and woman though . 
  man with a man is handshake . 
  and obviously keyboard warrior . 
  i 've lived in both . 
  would recommend both . 
  kyoto is basically one huge heritage site . 
  you can walk from major historic temple to major historic site without breaking a sweat ( except in summer where it can be 40 + with near-100 % humidity ) . 
  tokyo is less good for those historic sites ( it was firebombed in ww2 ) but it still has tons of cultural attractions like museums ( not as good as london but worth seeing ) and literally anything you could expect from a major city with a few extra quirks like ... owl caf\u00e9s and things . 
  there seems to be a specific genre of videos we do really well in the uk : [ george ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=objvq5gtsle&amp;feature=youtu.be ) [ edward ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j0xhus7rx0&amp;feature=youtu.be ) [ fenton ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3grsbr0eyyu ) [ bonus charlie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oblgsz8ssm ) and [ bonus `` aw , fuck '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkbu8b-qvzk ), 
  he 's also literally known as france 's shakespeare . 
  the effect he mostly accidentally had on democracy was good in the very long term . 
  everything else about him was pure cunt . 
  in certain regards the us is well behind parts of europe . 
  in other ways it 's ahead of it . 
  the same is true for all developed countries , i do n't see the us any differently . 
  maybe yellow , but in terms of healthiness they 're among the world 's best : http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/sites/health_glance-2009-en/images/thumbnails/g1-10-04.gif the economist also published a study that found british 12 year olds have the worlds fewest missing/decaying teeth , so it does n't seem like an accurate stereotype . 
  it 's a thing in the few houses that have n't been updated at all since the 90s . 
  like bad food and bad teeth , certain ideas take a while to die off even after they become inaccurate . 
  same, 
  then you 're right , it is strange that pubs are n't as pervasive . 
  to a certain extent i agree , but in the uk we have a really strong immigrant-based food culture . 
  when i say food in the uk , i 'm including what would be thought of as french/mexican/etc . 
  cuisine as well as more typical british food . 
  how are you alcohol sales laws ? 
  they 've been really restrictive in nordic countries i 've been to . 
  same actually , one of the best meals i 've ever had was in the andover arms in hammersmith . 
  it was chicken with asparagus and potato rosti . 
  ridiculously flavourful and great atmosphere & beer , as you said . 
  we do n't even have a massive stadium and jet flyovers , it 's pretty lame . 
  doubt the accomm is 500 quid a month in america though . 
  on the plus side the access to grants and bursaries is really good at oxbridge , a lot better than the average american college . 
  bad food/teeth when both easily compete with the rest of the world . 
  european countries are also guilty of the first stereotype too , though . 
  i think we do funerals extremely well in the uk . 
  perfect mix of mourning of death and celebration of life . 
  statues are for memory , they do n't have to be for glorification . 
  the fad with removing symbols of colonialism is n't much better than burning `` heretic '' books and `` pagan '' monuments imo . 
  at my university there 's this debate over a statue of cecil rhodes . 
  but you can never erase what he 's done .
