  all words ending in c like bec or sec . 
  france has a soft c because the sound is n't c but ce . 
  fran\u00e7ais / fran\u00e7ois has a soft sound because the sound is n't c but \u00e7 . 
  if you 're teaching at undergraduate level , classes are usually in the country 's main language . 
  well it does translate to that . 
  the staff at both uk universities i 've studied at have been extremely international . 
  the english language always helps too . 
  i know this is the wrong thread for optimism , but the uk is pretty highly regarded in terms of university education . 
  what do i have to be jealous of ? 
  gdp measures currency churn . 
  it 's a decent yardstick for measuring the size of an economy . 
  but most people take that as a standalone statistic . 
  the size of an economy alone is meaningless for most real-life purposes . 
  a swiss person is rarely jealous over the size of the french economy . 
  and it 's pointless to measure california 's gdp for myriad reasons . 
  in a nutshell : cali is n't a country , it 's a nice part of the us and freely attracts talent and resources from across the continent . 
  it 's that unfettered access to the rest of the us that gives cali its huge economy . 
  that 's not the bit i take issue with . 
  it 's like saying dave is fatter than paul , and paul is fatter than mike , does that mean dave is fatter than mike ? 
  anyway , gdp is bs , especially when you look at something like california . 
  but that 's another story . 
  please tell me you 're being sarcastic, 
  it 's not plural . 
  even as brits we do n't say mathematics are interesting . 
  it 's not really the same though . 
  it would be the same as calling finland `` sweden '' , not just `` scandinavia '' . 
  so just rename germany to netherlands . 
  her line of thinking is obvious , as it 's the most powerful city in europe . 
  i doubt she thought it was the de facto capital in the sense that it represented the wider continent or the eu in any real way . 
  you went to all those states and still like the us the least , what gives ? 
  i speak fluent french ( like actually fluent , not the british understanding of the term ) and i can confirm that the french service industry leaves a lot to be desired . 
  i love the uk , but i would have picked a nicer part of it . 
  if i had to pick another country , i 'd probably go for the netherlands , switzerland , or germany . 
  if you ca n't find good food in london then i despair . 
  if you want to use that metric then fine , but the uk has a pretty entrenched idea of high-dining vs. everyday food and conflating the two makes for crappy comparisons . 
  it 's like when people say america has a shitty food culture because of spray-on cheese and fast food . 
  the lowest denominator is n't great pickings . 
  good for you , not sure why that makes you more qualified to comment on food in the uk though . 
  this thread is dumb . 
  we have great food . 
  go eat at any decent restaurant near you . 
  the culinary establishment has recognised that this is a myth for decades , but ignorant people insist on perpetuating it . 
  it 's podgy rye . 
  tastes of molasses . 
  you mean croatia ? 
  can someone from switzerland come and say msf ? 
  they 're my go-to charity . 
  from closer to home , everyone knows oxfam , but there are also great scientific charities like genome research limited , and humanitarian ones like great ormond street hospital , children in need and guide dogs for the blind . 
  have lived in south wales over 20 years . 
  you do n't hear it in newport outside of the welsh-language centres ( some schools ) . 
  moving west to cardiff , you hear it on the street pretty often , but usually it 's conversations between two people who are probably from places other than cardiff . 
  there are a decent number of native welsh-speaking cardiffians though . 
  in swansea you hear it quite frequently in a similar way to cardiff . 
  it has n't reached critical mass where people will assume welsh knowledge , so most public interactions are in english at first even if both speak welsh . 
  outside of this south wales area , you can hear tons of welsh further west and north . 
  in some places it 's very much the default language . 
  american english but still applies : buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo . 
  yep , cheers . 
  long night . 
  welsh here . 
  it upsets me . 
  i do n't like the conservative party either , but , especially while the general trend is of devolution of political powers to scotland , i think scottish independence is an extremely drastic and permanent reaction to the current , transient situation . 
  just like brexit . 
  that said , scottish nationalism is n't going anywhere any time soon , and it seems like the dissolution of the united kingdom is less a question of `` if '' than `` when '' . 
  the tories deserve it for gambling on the eu and for centuries of focusing on london to the detriment of other areas of the uk , but the thought of a broken uk without scotland makes me sad . 
  yeah , not literally falls . 
  as i said , it means `` i need to go to the cinema '' . 
  i meant it in the sense of `` it falls upon me to go to the cinema '' which is the only way of saying it with an impersonal construction in english . 
  poorly worded though , you 're right . 
  there 's also falloir/faut , which is quirky in itself . 
  so i need to go to the cinema would be il faut que j' aille au cin\u00e9ma = it falls that i go to the cinema . 
  can you explain this ? 
  at least french has payant ( costing ) as the opposite of gratuit ( free ) . 
  we always have to say `` do you you have to pay for that ? 
  '' / `` does it cost money ? '', 
  they just ask if it 's `` payant '' . 
  we have some shit people , and some great institutions , if i interpret that point liberally ( universities , r&d ) . 
  i agree though , pretty ashamed of our media and government , but i get on better with brits than any other nationality in general ( unsurprisingly since i have lived most of my life here ) . 
  in a pretty precarious position at the moment . 
  in principle , it 's one of society/humanitarianism/socialism 's greatest achievements . 
  in reality , it 's in serious trouble . 
   that being said , damn the scots . 
  i know you 're joking , but this is why we wo n't even have this country for very long at this rate . 
  my mum has jinxed me plenty and she 's 60 . 
  not sure how you can live for 45 years without hearing it . 
  liz ii is definitely more famous than cristiano ronaldo , unless we 've been well and truly evicted from the continent . 
  never has a name looked so ugly and sounded so pretty . 
  acting as if the two are contradictory is an anachronistic view . 
  he was both . 
  out of curiosity , who are some other canonical writers since the 90s , in your opinion ? 
  they probably would have agreed till the referendum . 
  nike is everywhere though . 
  superdry and jack wills both boomed a couple years back . 
  a mixed system tends to work well , because the government is held to popular account , and by proxy the private enterprises have to compete with the standards set by nationally-owned institutions ( educational , healthcare , etc. ), 
  the incentive for profit in private institutions encourages efficiency ( good ) , and when counterbalanced by high-standards of state institutions , the consumer/patient/etc . 
  the problem is that when private institutions only have to compete with each other , and without sufficient regulation , a certain share of those institutions fill an economic niche where costs are kept to a bare minimum , and consumers/patients/etc . 
  suffer . 
  that is the definition of cutting corners . 
   us is very large physically with highly diverse demographics this is a worn-out clich\u00e9 that gets dragged out of the dusty cupboard for one last stand each time america , one of the world 's richest countries , needs an excuse to bend over to capitalist interests . 
  you may honestly believe that diversity and land area are enough to stop america from building a functioning national healthcare service .
