  that 's not true of every school ( many are fantastic ) , but it 's not at all rare for english-language state schools . 
  other languages ( french , spanish , german ) were taught much more effectively . 
  these languages are usually only taught from secondary school onwards ( 11ish-18 ) . 
  there was a mixture of discussions , talking exercises , group work , essays , exam prep , videos , etc. 
  as a contrast , i left school with fluent french ( supported by a small amount of work outside school till a-level/18 ) and after studying german for only two years at gcse/16 i had passable german . 
  both were a * level so that 's sort of the level you can get to if you do well under our system . 
  the curse of all english countries is the same though . 
  others in my classes did very poorly . 
  there is very little incentive for native english speakers to learn a foreign language other than for specific lines of work and employment opportunities , neither of which are really important to kids . 
  as such there 's not at all a culture of language-learning in the uk any more . 
  and just as a caveat i 've also been on the receiving end of language education in france and japan , both countries were definitively worse . 
  i 'd add stieg larsson 's millenium trilogy ( girl with the dragon tattoo ) as an international success story . 
  not sure if it 's popular to say this here , but really do think even harder . 
  the only real benefit is perhaps the cost , and it gives you a chance to learn another language . 
  i 've studied in three countries , one is my native country , one uses a language i 'm fluent in , and one uses a language i 'm considered an advanced speaker in . 
  they were all hard , but the foreign countries were significantly harder . 
  so you 'd be putting yourself at a massive disadvantage by studying in any language other than english . 
  i 'll just come out and say it : do not study a course in any other language . 
  that being said , whichever country you move to , you will struggle for a long time with the language * especially * during the all-important first few months when everyone makes friends . 
  even if you go to sweden/netherlands etc. 
  where english is widely spoken , you wo n't fit in like everyone else . 
  so firstly , you have language problems , secondly , you have social problems . 
  third , a degree from any decent uni in the uk is widely-respected . 
  it opens up doors internationally . 
  so do n't think that getting a `` foreign degree '' is better for `` foreign jobs '' : the international lingua franca is english and the most useful country to have a degree from in that regard is the uk or another anglosphere country . 
  sorry if this comes across as overly negative , i just assume you know the advantages or would n't have decided it was something you might want to do . 
  do n't let this post put you off if you really want to do it , just be aware that those are very real sacrifices you have to make . 
  i would also say to look at uk universities which allow a year abroad for your courses . 
  when ? 
  which countries ? 
  i 'll plug my home country 's [ green man festival ] ( http://www.greenman.net/ ), 
   even the nordic countries are doubting their welfare state . 
  they are ? 
  i mean besides a small number ? 
  pobol y cwm 's pretty known across wales , but still not on the scale of doctor who i would n't think . 
  this is why they do n't love us :(, 
  but finland, 
  modern doctor who for wales top gear for the uk , probably . 
  are n't the falling oil prices a byproduct of one kind of economic sanction , though ? 
  in uk law it 's meant to be the case that constables/officers and normal citizens are legally the same . 
  in practice it obviously does n't work out like that all the time , and assaulting a policeman will get you in more trouble . 
  but i do n't think a police horse would be afforded much extra protection under the law than an average human . 
  that is the sound of literally tens of french hearts breaking . 
  it 's so novel to be talked of somewhat fondly on / r/europe . 
  hope you 're enjoying it back home . 
  although i hope things get better for italy too . 
  is this purchased or stated preference ? 
  if people actually said `` i prefer instant coffee '' then they 're morons . 
  although besides students and eternally stressed people we prefer a nice cuppa . 
  ( tea ), 
  [ excellent , excellent ] ( http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100702150413/simpsons/images/6/6a/mr_burns_evil.gif ) . 
  now we shall have less shitty coffee and pizza . 
  and more hand gestures while speaking . 
  and maybe they will mate with us and we shall become attractive . 
  they are delicious , and they 're sold across all of france besides the south west !, 
  city of london = the smallest city in england . 
  a little tiny ancient border that 's too archaic to explain more than that ( although cgp grey goes into it a lot more ) . 
  then you have `` london '' , the capital city and biggest city in the uk . 
  metropolitan area inhabitants of about 13 million in number . 
  this is the bit where all the good stuff is that people come to see , and where institutions are based , etc. 
  then you have greater london , which is a big administrative region ( `` ceremonial county '' ) it does n't cover all of what 's commonly referred to as `` london '' , but it 's still a lot bigger than the city of london ( pop . 
  of about 8 million ) . 
  it 's an age old issue but the thatcher era saw a massive shift towards a service economy , so the former industrial centres were gutted out quite severely . 
  london on the other hand is a massive brain drain and a service sector capital of the world . 
  so it 's become more and more prevalent since the 80s . 
  cheers ! . . 
  aw wait . 
  and do n't you have a wyvern ? 
  that 's basically a disabled dragon . 
  [ this is a pain au chocolat ] ( http://www.kapchatheworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/pain-au-chocolat-credit-fonterra-food-services.jpg ) some people in the south mistakenly believe it is called a chocolatine and fail to recognise north east supremacy . 
  it may lead to a patisserie war any day now . 
  i think you mean the pain au chocolat dispute . 
  [ here 's the methodology ] ( http://www.prosperity.com/#!/methodology ), 
  i had my fingers crossed for : `` they use sterling ?!, 
  but i thought they used pounds ?! '', 
  well because they were the ones trying to break away , as the nice lady informed him . 
  the republic of ireland would never break away from the uk and become a republic . 
  because they are joking . 
  no , they do n't want to be in the eu because they 're all racist and need redditors to copy/paste net benefit statistics until they agree . 
  when i hear `` prosperous '' i immediately assume they 're talking about the economy . 
  but the uk was ranked 28th in the economic standings . 
  the uk 's doing ok . 
  but it 's not exactly a beacon of prosperity for the moment . 
  hah , fair enough . 
  the uk 's not exactly immigrant utopia , but as long as britain keeps speaking english , it 'll continue to be a top choice for lots of immigrants . 
  and most people do n't really want to introduce policies that are extremely unfavourable to immigrants ; in an ideal uk immigrants and natives would be treated exactly the same before the law . 
  yeah , more referring to the fact i 'd never have come across what was said by myself , even less bother to run it through a translator , 
  when i was in school i used to attempt to wait for my friends while they bought food from a pastry shop . 
  no matter where i stood , if i was within two metres of the door a queue would magically form behind me . 
  it simply would not be said by a frontbencher ( important politician ) in the uk . 
  if they were to absolutely lose their minds and say `` cunt '' on national radio then there would probably be some underlying mental problems more worrisome than their swearing . 
  even if there was a leak of a private conversation where , for example , david cameron were to call pussy riot `` fucking whores '' i think the press would eat him alive . 
  would n't do much for public opinion either . 
  there 's something great about reading little things i 'd never have been able to without a translator , thanks !, 
  yeah i would 've thought so , youtube did n't help me there though . 
  you start positive sentences with `` god damn '' ; your sperm self would have found a way to be born in america . 
  yes , `` le reddit army '' was clearly a french creation . 
  here 's a quick translation : . 
  * light finally triumphs over shadow * * and pallid scraps of the flag of a slave * * and the azure of the heavens , the blood of the brave * * birth the gleaming standard of our freedom *, 
  no one say anything about this comment .
