they support invading ukraine though . 
  and bombing rebels fighting al-assad . 
  alright ; no one outside of the east europe . 
   can we leave politics out of eurovision , it 's fucking annoying . 
  because the eurovision is n't in itself ? 
  man . 
  it 's awful . 
  no one watches it . 
  a bit of drama might help it , and in this case , russia deserves it . 
  you just never hear of it when it is white people doing it . 
  it sells paper to bash immigrants . 
  so i guess that 's your way to admit being wrong . 
  fair enough . 
   ca n't say i 've ever seen any . 
  and why is that , what 's your best theory for this ? 
  hint : it 's because that freedom of speech of yours is an idea , not a reality . 
  you support jihadist propaganda disguised as humor ? 
  that 's a lie , at best . 
  it depends . 
  what 's your stance on a comedian that would joke for one hour advocating for jihad and defending terrorists ? 
  atheltic is not pumped up on steroid , so that 's why your theory does n't verify , at least for our military . 
  military needs to be able to walk through kilometers , and being fit is way better than being pumped up for that . 
  ex soldier here . 
  your image of the soldier is a cliche . 
  woah , no one saw that coming . 
  or , you know , just switch to electric ( self-driven ) cars . 
  that 's the difference : 2020 is tomorrow , because of the industrial nature of the concerned projects . 
  a project needs years of planning , industries to develop , etc. 
  5 years is barely what it needs to rethink the market from oil to electricty , let alone build the infrastructures . 
  but if we were to start ** now ** , we 'd be absolutely ready by 2035 . 
  i mean , he rides a bear to go to work , what else is there to say about him ? 
  very reasonable . 
  actually , this could work for 2035 . 
  20 years to cycle out every cars in europe would be enough . 
  are you sure there are n't some russian speaking people in estonia ? 
  i think it 's time for them to be liberated from the estonian oppressor . 
  turkey is not europe . 
  and will never be eu . 
  i am , but i fear that we end up on the same path sooner or later . 
  good . 
  proud to be french . 
  talking about it is already a change . 
  yeah obviously , because they 're arabs and fuck arabs , right ? 
  let the people outside of this . 
  inefficient repression does that . 
  totalitarism . 
  it 's taking over minute by minute , i can fee - infidel how dare you not bow to allah ? 
  silly me , it must be because i am victim of the islam culture taking over my country , i lost my french roots . 
  not working in france . 
  tbf , i 've been working for 12 years now , and i 've never been on strike . 
  i am working right now . 
  sorry , i 'm french . 
  history class were basically like `` hey we were the best in the world until 20th century '' , and then wws again and again . 
  and a tiny bit less prone to world domination , too !, 
  and yet you can find turks clapping for it . 
  you mean those wannabe germans ? 
  good call , especially since these regions are very powerful economically . 
  if mississipi is a pain in the ass for florida , california could reform a hre-like empire . 
  there was a time in ck2 when i 'd try over and over to reunite the whole scandinavia under my swedish reign , and poland just south to me would always grow way too big for my confort . 
  meh , poland already blob 'd hard and i do n't see anything stopping it from eating through the seemingly imploded hre . 
  no immigration . 
  not in france tho . 
  you failed to click the link , did n't you ? 
  [ you sure about that ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.fr/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=define%20genocide ) maybe try to check the definition of a word before telling others that they do n't know it . 
  i mean , for real , what does it take you ? 
  ten seconds ? 
  it was literally faster to type `` define genocide '' in google than to type your post . 
  and yet , you did the opposite , you had to try to force your view , even though you had no idea if it was correct or not . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vigipirate https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/op%c3%a9ration_sentinelle, 
  you can absolutely prove a negative . 
  show me any evidence toward france ethnically cleaning germans . 
  israel pushing colonisation and mass murder of palestinians points to ward potential ethnical cleansing of palestinians . 
  still not a proof that a genocide is not happening . 
  dude probably got shat on by a pigeon during his tourist trip in paris . 
  fair enough , but practising jews are a minority in france , while we 've been talking about jews in general . 
  if you 're a die-hard jew , i do n't see why you 'd choose not to live in the holy land to begin with . 
  i do n't think anything . 
  we lack better data to give a judgement . 
  i 'm just pointing out something that should be obvious to anyone with half a functioning brain ; a growing population is not a proof that a genocide is not happening . 
  if you also need a mathematical explanation for this , i can provide one , but i hope you 'll love yourself enough to understand it without me going further . 
  as an ex-military that patroled often in front of synagogues and had many colleagues do it , i 'd suggest that you get some information on the matter before posting again . 
  which means exactly nothing . 
  the nature of western societies is such that the perception of insecurity keeps growing while the actual rate of crimes keeps going down . 
  each year passing you 're safer as a french , a jew or a french jew than the year before . 
  but each year passing , you also have more media and social media telling you the opposite , and urging you to protect yourself . 
  and if you want to know why , read the op once more : jews feeling insecure is the objective # 1 of israel , this is how they can convince jews to join israel . 
   those horrible french people what ? 
  we 're like among the coolest dudes around . 
  sure , we 're arrogant and all , but it 's still a country among the top ones to live in . 
   but when things go the way they go in france : fuck all this shit and good bye . 
  things are n't anywhere , you 're mostly being manipulated by media into a sense of danger , just like trumpette saying you ca n't walk in sweden without being raped by afghans , etc. 
   the palestinian population is growing , so what the fuck are you on about . 
  this is as intelligent as saying holocaust did n't happen because there are jews alive today . 
  not every jew define himself as a jew first . 
  you can be jewish and italian , french of german . 
  you can be a patriotic jew , proud of the country your family has lived in for generations . 
  your visions of jews is largely caricatural , mate . 
   in israel you have people and politicans standing up for you . 
  yeah , and [ nothing like that ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/flash-actu/2016/01/10/97001-20160110filwww00025-valls-sans-les-juifs-de-france-la-france-ne-serait-pas-la-france.php ) in europe !,
