   i have a suspicion that there is a smaller chance that a jew will meet a rabid anti-semitic muslim in israel than in france . 
  because there are [ no terror attacks in israel ? 
  ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/terrorism/terrisraelsum.html ) lol . 
  please try to think for a nanosecond before posting . 
  we have different definition for `` dumb '' then . 
  absence of critical thinking is a key element of being dumb for me ; if you think the referendum situation was somewhat something new or unique to uk , you 're deeply mistaken . 
  fights like this one happen all the time around the world , and france is no exception . 
  forming your opinion is not the same as taking an opinion pushed by media and taking it for granted . 
  your argument is that , `` hey media said x , so it 's normal people believed x '' ; no it 's not . 
  the entire country could tell me something , if i thought that thing to be wrong , i would n't bulge . 
  an opinion is based on analysing the different arguments , the cons and pros , your values , the historical precedent and so on . 
  sure , you can put in there the advice of people you value , but that step should never trump all the others , and that 's what you 're defending . 
  if you followed a dumb opinion because tv told you to follow it , you 're dumb in my book . 
  i respect that you have a different view of what qualifies to be dumb , but that 's mine . 
  you can and should blame them for not exercising critical thinking . 
  do n't confuse explanation with justifcation ; you can expain why people voted one way , but that does n't justify it . 
  you always have a choice . 
  fair enough . 
  they were dumb reasonable people then . 
  not sure why anyone would turn their bullshit detector off for such an important decision . 
  i 'm not sure why they would have to be related . 
  with fetish porn ? 
  i would n't ever consider a leave voter reasonable , else they would have seen reason . 
  i still have genuinely no idea how any adult would ever think that this logic makes sense . 
  thing is , the most of us stayed home and let the minority of shitheads win a vote deciding the fate of the uk . 
  remember that all it takes for evil to win is for good men to sit and let it happen . 
  wait until that also becomes illegal . 
  oh you could be a shill , but propaganda can achieve that level of brainwashing without a problem too . 
   tell me more about russia being a dictatorship killing political opponents , stealing regions and openly anti-gay , killing hundred of thousands of civilians in syria , superior to the west . 
  :d we can go on as long as you like . 
  cold hard facts are against you , so that 'll be easy . 
  your rather pathetic attempts at whataboutism fall flat here , sorry . 
  :d do n't stop buddy !, 
  go on , defend russia please . 
   first of all , i suggest you to set aside the linguistic part . 
  your country used to be very powerful and influent ( and very good at self-promoting ) , french words are widely used in everyday occurences even in other european languages ( english , german etc. ) . 
  btw , we are using the english word `` food '' , but i do n't think usa or uk could argue about having the best cuisine in the world . 
  we 're only using the word `` food '' because we 're talking in english . 
  `` chef '' and `` cuisine '' are french words used in english . 
  not sure what 's difficult to understand here . 
   i do n't think not qualifying means you 're low life . 
  i do not think it matters at all . 
  that said , i know it 's easy to generalize and i get the feeling you 're trying to avoid the argument of the everyday life , but i have yet to met a single french who could cook ( and i 've met plenty , i also spent some time in france ) and i would like to actually compare our own diets ( or your experience , how many unskilled italians have you met ? 
  ) , but that would n't be interesting . 
  i 'm not trying to avoid it , i 'm open to talk about it . 
  i even asked you about it . 
  i asked you what was your data ; it turns out to be anecdotal evidence . 
  here 's my anecdotal evidence too : i have met plenty italians and none could cook . 
  and every french i know can cook . 
  so , that 's your idea of an argument ? 
   there is actual data to prove your general lack of proficiency , but , of course , nothing is going to tell you explicitly that one country has a less developed food culture than another , and i do n't think this is the best place to deeply analize the topic , so i 'm going to use few heuristic arguments to prove i 'm right ( arguments you 're free to make fun of , since i 'm using a language i 'm absolutely not comfortable with i do n't want you to take it too seriously ) . 
  did you know mc donald 's had to shut down many stores in the south ( italy ) just because they were absolutely not profiting ? 
  you know why italy has no starbucks , whilst france has plenty ? 
  it 's way harder to introduce a foreign ( food-related ) habit in italy , and that only holds for the food , beware ( we were raised to love usa and stuff ) . 
  it 's not closeness . 
  it 's awareness . 
  even our humblest people respect food , know how to deal with it and how to avoid the bad ones . 
  go on and show me that data . 
  appreciating fast food means nothing , sorry . 
  correlation ! = causation . 
   about the ranking , i do n't want to criticize the guide michelin ( but french have this old habit of speaking about things they do not understand and provide inherent rankings , remember the ballon d'or ? ), 
  because my whole point is that it restaurant do n't matter at all ( it could surprise you , but the north here has way more ranked restaurant than the south , which is miles ahead in terms of food culture ) . 
  germany ( a country i love , with the worst food i 've ever come to taste ) has more 3-stars restaurants than italy , but the difference between the two countries is abysmal . 
  nah , that was one of your point . 
  you tried to pretend french cuisine was n't the best anymore , that spain of scandinavia surpassed it blablabla . 
  we saw that it was wrong . 
  ballon d'or and guide michelin are so much about things they do n't understand that they are universally recognized as being references in their respective field . 
  you may want to consider the notion that you 're literally no one and that your opinion does not weight much against the rest of the world . 
  you tried to make the argument that based on your anecdotal evidence you could generalize people and we saw that this was n't really effective . 
  so both your arguments are destroyed by now . 
   if you want to base your arguments on a french-made ranking , you 're free do to that . 
  you can think italy is on par with uk and easily surpassed by germany when it comes to food culture , but do n't assume you 'll be taken seriously . 
  i never said that guide michelin stars = food culture . 
  you 're the one that tried to go on the path that french cuisine `` accomplished nothing '' . 
  i proved that to be a lie , like everything you try to push so far . 
  food culture is absolutely too vague to be quantified . 
  that said , a rich food culture is absolutely leads to guide michelin stars . 
  in other words , you ca n't have a country like france or japan having so much brilliant chefs and restaurants without having a rich food culture . 
   please , note that i 'm not discussing about which food tastes better . 
  world has already decided : foie gras sucks , `` simple '' pizza ( which you can not cook , lol ) wins . 
  [ quotation needed ] foie gras is so successful that it makes a whole region of france live of it . 
  but i guess that that buzzfeed article you read must have convinced you otherwise ? 
   generalization is bad when based on false assumptions nah , generalization is bad period . 
  if you 're realizing now , good . 
  otherwise , you still need to work a lot on your understanding of basic logic elements . 
   france do n't qualify . 
  hahaha . 
  so salty , right ? 
  you were able to judge the 65 millions of french people just like that !, 
  :d  regular people eat like shit ( unless they eat pasta , ofc ) . 
  italy and japan do qualify , regular people ( even in the biggest cities ) being able to cook properly and stuff ( with `` stuff '' i mean being receptive to family and local traditions and so on ) . 
  haha . 
  it gets better !, 
  i 'm sorry but do you even understand how silly you sound ? 
  tell me , what do you base this one , hum ? 
  i 'm eager to hear this one !, 
  you went to a fast food once in france , and in a family that could cook in japan and you decided it was enough to make blanket judgement over millions of people ? 
  hey , you sound silly so i 'll now decide that every italians are salty silly sounding individuals ; is that how it works ? 
  :d  i would like to point out that your research for the `` tastier tastes '' has accomplished nothing alright buddy , except getting recognized worldwide as the best cuisine , to the point that the french words `` chef '' and `` cuisine '' are even the ones used to describe it . 
  [ a little something for you ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_des_restaurants_deux_et_trois_%c3%a9toiles_du_guide_michelin ) japan has the most three-stars restaurants ( including several french ones ) , followed by france .
