you have to take a look at what ireland gets from the eu . 
  apparently they make more use of the funds available to them then the uk in order to be a net receiver most of the time . 
  o yes definitely . 
  there dont seem to be a match , but otherwise there would be a sentence added to the preface . 
  too much work to change stuff at this stage . 
  i had no idea . 
  the most recent polls i had seen gave her just a few seats , but that was months ago . 
  from the perspective as an outsider it seems that mirela is an incredibly smart person and i hope that she might shake things up in the political arena in croatia . 
  i spoke to quite a few people in croatia who were political science professors or active politicians and they all had good things to say about her and the way she worked when she was a minister of environment . 
  hopefully the hdz/sdp dominance can be broken with orah ( and perhaps the people from the hns party who also agreed on mirela 's approach on politics and solutions in the government , but which were just a minority within the hns minority that had a very specific view on croatia ) . 
  i am most interested in the other arrests . 
  i did some interviews in zagreb this march for research on croatia and was wondering if any of what they said might lose credibility as they might have be part of this scandal as well . 
  is n't it true that in the past fomer party members of hdz and sdp have never really achieved a lot , regarding voting success ? 
  i know that mirela holy is at least capable of setting out a plan and sticking to it , but if the past is anyway an indicator it might not lead to a seat in the council or parliament . 
  pretty big thing . 
  any croatians that can show some insight on how this will affect politics ? 
  i assume it will at least not weaken his former party the sdp in anyway . 
  but what about the politics on county basis ? 
  also , wasnt he immensely popular in zagreb , but only just there ? 
  i heard stories of him doing his morning walk and basically everyone greeting him . 
  and iirc for every year you worked for that salary you are eligible for a month of benefits with a maximum of two years . 
  so you cant just work for 1 month , get fired by bro manager and live off benefits for two years, 
  how do you know ? 
  i have to pay for full board here at home and i know that a lot of students living at home that have to do so too . 
  that includes their fair share in everything . 
  so yes , students living at home do have similar expenses . 
  no i dont . 
  i make the case that i have the same amount of expenses as a student not living at home , but i dont receive the amount of money they do . 
  so i too ca n't pay the rent , let alone the food , water , internet etc. 
  with the money i get . 
  well , yes , but they obviously chose for that themselves . 
  besides , it 's not like i need less money for living expenses than a person living away from home . 
  i still need to eat , shower , be able to study and do all stuff any normal student would do . 
  i just do that in the same house as my parents . 
  why would someone that decides not to do so get more money than i do for basically the same thing ? 
  well yes i do , but students not living at home do so too . 
  i do n't see how they deserve more support from the government . 
  it 's not like i can bump my free travel card up to a first class travel card , because i save the government 200-300 euros a month by living at home . 
  currently , i live with my parents and do not each very much . 
  however when i studied abroad my expenses were not that high either and do no understand how people can get these debts . 
  i am not a proponent of the new system , but i was an opponent of the one that is currently in place and would have supported reform in that . 
  why should someone receive more money when that person is no longer living with its parents ? 
  it 's your own choice most of the time so i do not understand why the government would need to support you . 
  i do not get support for commuting 1.5 hours to uni besides free travel , do i ? 
  isnt this a bit of an exaggeration ? 
  collegegeld is less than 2k a year for hbo and university . 
  that is 8.000 euros for a normal bachelors and masters degree at university . 
  i would not call that a huge debt . 
  perhaps if you borrow a lot of money from duo then it is 450 euro a month extra and for four years that is 21600 . 
  so you can rake in debts of 30.000 for four year studies . 
  that is a ridiculous high debt indeed , but if you manage to get this then , i 'm sorry , but you do not know how to manage your money . 
  those are the expected mandates in ep after this election out of a total of 26 dutch seats . 
  i went to the uk from the netherlands last term . 
  i was already fluent in english , so no problems there . 
  i did miss typical dutch stuff , but besides that it was a great experience . 
  yes , but dutch people generally do n't know that story . 
  you are correct and that is one of the reasons why real estate prices are falling with the change in mortgage deductability . 
  here is the profile picture : https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-frc1/379228_343052389141801_417934866_n.jpg the rest can be found here , and works without a facebook acount . 
  the parties started yesterday already and will resume today . 
  i agree . 
  the photoshopped images of him having a beard were amazing . 
  he 'd be a real authoritative figure within a couple of weeks !, 
  i am currently on exchange , from the netherlands to england and really recommend it . 
  my home uni said that is a lot of paperwork and bureaucracy , which i thought was n't that bad as they kept saying . 
  for me there was no language barrier , as english is learned early on back home , but i think you 'll be able to do just fine in at least northern europe . 
  i had a girl in one of my modules from denmark and she managed just fine without understanding a single word of dutch . 
  i also got friends on exchange in spain , italy , germany and france and not all off them are fluent in the language but still enjoy themselves so do n't worry about the language barrier too much . 
  costs are pretty high though , especially now i have to pay for public transport here in england . 
  so i really recommend saving some money , because the erasmus grant will only get you so far - this year it 's just 220 euro a month . 
  i 'd be happy to answer more of your questions if you have any . 
  well yes , you wo n't see gabbers like the ones in the 1990s anymore . 
  however , the now popular techno music does has its roots in the gabber scene and you definitely notice that . 
  techno music is still pretty big here yes . 
  upvote for brighton !, 
  i study there now for the spring an summer term and love it here . 
  hope you 'll have a nice get-out-of-the-uk !, 
  geenstijl used an orange tank in the 2008 eurocup promotion . 
  https://youtu.be/hoclgtub0_a?t=16s longer version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqfhegy-rmq when they painted it : https://youtu.be/ikpqyc-ut4k?t=3m7s, 
  solvit is basically the next step after your europe advice , which is just general advice regarding your eu rights as a citizen . 
  then you also have european consumer centres . 
  they help consumers with private entities if these do not abide to eu legislation such as return policies or warranties . 
  o sorry , i would have pm 'd you if i had seen that . 
  i was on my phone so i thought a quick post would be good enough . 
  anyway , the rest of what you wrote is indeed correct , though the european council is not really a institution of the eu either . 
  it works above the institutions to provide the framework on which those institutions can work on . 
  it can be seen more as a intergovernmental conference ( i think thats what those meetings were called first as well ... ) . 
  besides that , nice overview !, 
  ( though i miss the ecb and court of auditors , which do play a significant part in the eu nowadays ), 
  the council of europe is no eu institution . 
  it does stuff like human and social rights . 
  and yes some of these have treaty status , it is still ambiguous when they or if they apply ( see the case of viking for instance ) . 
  the new eu budget is for 2014-2020 . 
  not only does the cap uses 44 % of the eu budget but the money is also meant for the small farmer to keep them from going belly up , or so it was in the beginning . 
  now the big beneficiaries are great corporations with huge lands or a middleman somewhere . 
  the small farmers do n't see much of the money and thats why i agree that the cap should be smaller and should also be reformed , because this is ridiculous . 
  plus , the eastern eu-countries should get full access to cap in , i thought , 2013 , so thats going to be fun if they also do n't want it to reform it . 
  if you look at europe 's integration history you notice that the uk has the most problems with giving up sovereignity to europe . 
  i think opening up its borders was a bit too much to ask for them . 
  plus controlling everyone going in and out of the country is a lot easier than a landlocked country , so they got that going for them . 
  but , all this is speculation on my part .
