  crypto is a tool , and like any tools it can be used for good and bad . 
  i do n't see may proposing banning trucks either , although there have been couple of terrorists using them to kill people . 
  may probably does n't understand how much the world relies on encryption . 
  forget the frenchmen . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/participants_in_operation_enduring_freedom#sweden http://www.kurdistan24.net/en/news/d39b0f8c-2331-446b-8596-9215d244a9f2/sweden-doubles-its-troops-in-kurdistan--iraq well now you 're aware . 
  and nowhere did i justify terrorism . 
  i 'm just saying that muslim terrorism is mostly happening in countries that have been part of the last decades military adventures in the middle east . 
  why do you think that 's happening ? 
  well , let me be clear then : using violence is wrong , and the perpetrators are to blame . 
  i 'm just saying that muslims incountries that have been invaded or bombed by the western countries in the last decade are very easy to convince acting against us , since many of them have lost someone in a drone or missile strikes , and/or seen their countries get wrecked by us . 
  the reason i 'm saying this was to counter the argument that muslims are terrorist just because they 're muslims . 
  it 's a simplistic view that does n't even try to understand why islamic terrorism is happening and wo n't help us in any way . 
  it 's not eu : s fault and i never said that . 
  the responsibility for every act violence belongs to the perpetrator . 
  but it is part of why they 're doing it . 
  hell , they have said that bunch of times . 
  why do you think they 're doing it mostly in countries that have been fighting muslims in somewhere . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  ask yourself , does japan bomb and invade muslim countries ? 
  and they 're not being attacked by the angry people from those countries ? 
  what a coincidence . 
  not in finland . 
  the true finns party pretty much collapsed in the last election , and are very likely to do worse in the future without their old leader , timo soini . 
  i guess other countries have to just let these goons try their hand at actual governing before they believe that these guys do n't what they 're talking about . 
  all the easy solutions they promised went unfulfilled . 
  what a surprise . 
  `` post things that trigger the leftists ! '', 
  i do n't know what they 're even trying to achieve with that ( and they do it every anyways ) . 
  just today someone asked if i was salty when i made a comment about jean-marie le pen . 
  i asked the dude why he 's acting like he won something but did n't get a reply . 
  like what 's the goal here ? 
  making some guy in the internet little upset ? 
  if that 's all it 's pretty damn pathetic . 
   it is a requirement for whistleblowing to be politically neutral ? 
  maybe not - but it 's smart to check out who did the leaking and why , and if it 's actually real documents . 
  the timing of the leaks in quite interesting . 
  wikileaks seems quite sceptical : https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/860973542934024193  name of employee for russian govt security contractor evrika appears 9 times in metadata for `` xls_cendric . rar '' leak archive https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/860855087165571073  assessment update : several office files have cyrillic meta data . 
  unclear if by design , incompetence , or slavic employee . 
  https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/860846823229059072  metadata of #macrongate `` offshore '' document corresponds to canon printer which costs over $ 100k that tweet leads to this article : https://bivol.bg/en/canon-for-macron.html  two documents were published in the forum , which , according to the anonymous user , expose emmanuel macron of having an offshore account . 
   bivol studied the metadata of the two documents , which show some interesting details , undetected by the french media so far as they have focused on spreading fake news . 
  both pdfs appear to have been created with professional high-end equipment manufactured by canon . 
   what conclusions can be drawn from these scarce data ? 
  if the metadata in these two documents are original and not manipulated , it is obvious that the masterminds of the discrediting claim have access to high-end equipment that is used by large companies or institutions . 
  the time of creation of the two documents , which is only a minute apart , indicates that the two machines were in the same room and they were , most likely , operated by two people . 
  moreover , the date of the files ' creation that coincides with the day of the debate , contradicts the anonymous source 's assertion that the documents had been sent to many french journalists , but no one paid attention to them . 
  when you talk about narratives , evidence and decency of admitting bias , you should also remember that the source of these leaks might be ( and seem to be ) biased , there 's no real evidence , and the `` leaks '' might have been released , even manipulated , to push certain kind of narrative - aka propaganda . 
   did venezuelans agree to their social contract ? 
  yes . 
  and now when the venezuelans feel that the government broke the contract , the people are n't happy and will probably chance the government . 
   did the people in north korea agree to theirs ? 
  how about the people living under isis ? 
  no , no and no . 
  the examples you used are dictatorships where people are/were forced to do whatever the dictators want . 
  forcing another party to do something against their will is n't a contract . 
  elections are one way to renew the contract , and it has been successfully used for a long time in many countries . 
   some time ago there were no taxes , then the people in power decided to impose them on people . 
  some time ? 
  you mean like few thousand years ? 
  taxes are n't anything new , nor is the concept of social contract . 
  the wikipedia link in my original post cited few ancient examples . 
   where are people who do n't agree with the contract supposed to go when all of the world is taxed ? 
  if majority of them feel that the contract is n't fair , they can chance that through voting , or overthrowing the government if political means are being blocked . 
  venezuela is a good example . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_contract we 've all made a contract . 
  the government keeps certain important services running , upholds the law and protects it 's citizens from threats . 
  the people pay taxes to support the governments ability to do that . 
  everyone is free to end the contract any time they want to - just move to some other place that does n't have a government . 
  there are n't many places like that because anarchy is n't usually what people want . 
   uktostay is a group of ordinary citizens who saw the press and politicians were failing to properly inform the public in the run-up to the uk 's eu referendum . 
  so , we created this site to help people #getthefacts . 
  our group of volunteers work tirelessly to research and publish accurate information with clear sources to explain what the eu is and what it does for uk citizens . 
  that 's what they say on their site . 
  if the site is indeed biased or is omitting facts , that should be easy to prove . 
  so what facts are they omitting ? 
  or are you just assuming they 're omitting facts . . without proof ? 
  i do n't really care about expectations . 
  if the article is n't biased then it 's not . 
  in this case when they just reported what jeremy cliffe tweeted i do n't see what 's the problem . 
  edit : people are saying they 're lying by omission . 
  what facts are they omitting - or are you just assuming they 're doing that without proof ? 
  if you 're making claims about a source being biased and not being truthful about facts , you have to have some actual proof . 
  this article seems to be accurate reporting of what was tweeted by the economist guy . 
  why does it matter ? 
  was there inaccuracies ? 
  the whole article was just some tweets from jeremy cliffe who works for the economist . 
  do you get 10 years of jail for stealing in uk ? 
  oh yeah - and it 's not stealing . 
  pirating is of course illegal but as / u/pothkan said , it 's not the same . 
  it 's actually lesser crime than stealing . 
  huh , did n't know that . 
  we actually almost tried that , back in the day . 
  asked some german fellow to be our king . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_finland_ ( 1918 ), 
  https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-93017c7b1c0ee54efbf49b5a5e61af81 whatever . 
  i 'm sure the could . 
  i 'm also pretty sure they wo n't . 
  i think the reasoning for eu product/name protections are solid though :  the purpose of the law is to protect the reputation of the regional foods , promote rural and agricultural activity , help producers obtain a premium price for their authentic products , and eliminate the unfair competition and misleading of consumers by non-genuine products , which may be of inferior quality or of different flavour . 
   these laws protect the names of wines , cheeses , hams , sausages , seafood , olives , olive oils , beers , balsamic vinegar and even regional breads , fruits , raw meats and vegetables . 
   foods such as gorgonzola , parmigiano-reggiano , feta , the waterford blaas , herve cheese , melton mowbray pork pies , piave cheese , asiago cheese , camembert , herefordshire cider , cognac , armagnac and champagne can only be labelled as such if they come from the designated region . 
  to qualify as roquefort , for example , cheese must be made from milk of a certain breed of sheep , and matured in the natural caves near the town of roquefort-sur-soulzon in the aveyron region of france , where it is colonised by the fungus penicillium roqueforti that grows in these caves .
