  as far as i know , the police in uk are good , i doubt that they 'll let racist violent criminals slip through . 
  agreed . 
  some might try to justify their hatred with the usual reasons : they 're either criminals or taking our jobs . 
   what i do n't understand is why those people protest by physically attacking immigrants , instead of actually channeling that anger against the people who created those immigration policies . 
  and i 'm not saying that they should do it violently , i 'm just saying about targets . 
  these people are violent idiots . 
  they lack the capability to do anything more than attacking people . 
  if they could , they 'd probably beat those who created the immigration policies too . 
   so someone who likes sweet things is worse than someone who do n't like them ? 
  yes . 
  subhuman filth , should be executed . 
  but seriously : [ kids tend to like sugary/fatty foods that are otherwise bland . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/wordofmouth/2013/jan/29/changing-tastes-food-and-aging ), 
   banning the burqa would give a clear signal to the muslim community , that we no longer tolerate their hateful ideology . 
  at least we agree that the banning burka wo n't solve any issue . 
  i 'd argue that it will create at least few new negative ones but lets forget that for now . 
  sure , you 'd be sending a message , but what does it really say ? 
  when a muslim reads a story about muslims and checks the comments section of the newspaper , do you think he or she thinks that we 're tolerant ? 
  what do you think they 'll think when the people in a country they live in talk a lot about western ideals , equality and freedom while they 're making one set of rules for themselves and one of the muslims ? 
  i think the intolerant parts of our society has sent that message long time ago . 
  do we really need to send a message of hypocrisy too solely for the reason that it makes some people feel good about it ? 
  people look down upon others ? 
  literally , that 's never happened in europe before . 
  my god , did n't know the situation was so bad . 
  only if the women in those ghettos would wear western clothing , then it would n't be bad at all !, 
  problem solved , mission accomplished , etc. 
  how about trying to solve the real problems instead of telling people what they can wear and what not ? 
  i 'm certainly no fan of burkas , and there clearly is a social pressure on muslim women to wear it . 
  i just feel like banning wearing them is a bad way to solve the issue . 
  i see burkas as manifestation of a problem instead of root cause of it . 
  i 'd rather put our efforts trying to solve the root cause . 
  i 'm not sure how , but i feel very strongly that this is n't the way to do it . 
  i hate neo-nazis , but honestly , if someone wants to walk around wearing a ss uniform , i do n't give a fuck . 
  neo-nazis are pretty easy to spot already , most of them have a certain look/style . 
  if some of them would wear nazi uniform , i think it would just make them look even more ridiculous . 
  you 're afraid of the burka-wearing muslim women in ghettos ? 
  how do they make the ghetto more scary than any other ghetto ? 
  sounds good to me . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  yeah , their lack of knowledge is the reason why most of them do n't start debates about it . 
  they know they 'd look pretty stupid talking about stuff they clearly do n't know much about . 
  i 've heard that lots of immigrants from nordic countries moved to areas around the great lakes - i 'd imagine they liked the area because it 's pretty similar to nordic countries . 
  years ago i saw an article about finnish immigrants descendants in the us , i think it might have been about michigan . 
  it was kinda cool to see how some of these guys still had pretty strong cultural roots . 
  some of them even had finnish/nordic saunas , which must be pretty rare outside of nordic countries . 
  everyone understands that a shot to leg can kill . 
  of course the priority is safety of civilians , police officers and getting the guy alive , in that order . 
  however , someone who is shot once in the leg is way more likely to survive than someone who is riddled with tens of bullets . 
  you can easily control the level of force even when using firearms . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  see how just one police officer fired his weapon , and managed to hit the guy in the leg , which i 've seen lots people from us calling `` movie stunt '' and `` impossible in real situation '' . 
  it just seem to me that very often us police do n't have more than the two first objectives . 
  look at the second video i posted in my last post , they do n't give a fuck about getting the guy alive . 
  it 's clearly not even a priority , and that 's the difference . 
  finnish police does that too . 
  as far as i know , there has n't been a single case of it going badly . 
  happened earlier this summer too , when police took down guy with a knife by shooting him in the leg . 
  if it was n't working and would cause unnecessary civilian and police deaths , we would n't be doing it . 
  someone posted the [ video ] ( http://video.hln.be/iframe.html?ec=i0ywrjnte62uuwm91fgaubenwj-hj5yz&amp;pbid=6fe3b2dced9541d783031a3b8843a01e&amp;ad=9159a0846f7f4d4da6d42b174a265cd3 ) . 
  two shots fired , nobody died . 
  that 's what i call professionalism . 
  [ meanwhile , in a land far away . . ] ( https://youtu.be/vxwatq-ullg?t=2m44s ), 
  like , right now ? 
  is something going to happen if we have to wait day or two to get clear picture ? 
  what if the police and media are still checking things out ? 
  when was the last time media did n't report that stuff when they were sure about the motive , ethnicity and background ? 
  yeah , it 's not as cheap for a solo traveler unless you rent rooms which is n't the same as having a whole apartment for yourself , but it 's pretty damn cheap for a small group of people . 
  we booked two months in advance from people with very good reviews , but obviously the cancellation is always a possibility . 
  if our booking would have been cancelled , we would have tried to get another airbnb apartment or room quickly or just go to hostel . 
  last and most expensive choice would have been a hotel . 
  it would have been inconvenient and would probably have cost more , but we were prepared for that possibility . 
  for us , having booking cancelled would have been inconvenience and no big deal otherwise , but i guess someone else would view that differently . 
  we rented small apartments from central locations . 
  the apartments we chose were nice , clean , had wifi , washing machine and kitchen , and it was actually cheaper than living in hostels . 
  even the cheapest hostels were something like 15-25 $ for a night for each person . 
  it was first time i used airbnb so i was bit worried , but everything worked out really well . 
  airbnb is definitely way to go for a budget traveler . 
  last summer i visited italy for a month . 
  man , seeing cinque terre , pisa and firenze again now makes me want to travel there again . 
  great country . 
  awesome food , nice people , very cool historical buildings and very beautiful nature . 
  did n't even cost that much . 
  cheap flights and airbnb was like 35-50 $ for a night , split between three people . 
  we generally chose apartments from very near the center of the cities we visited , and not the shittiest ones . 
  edit : couple of pictures [ here . 
  goldman sachs also [ helped greece to hide it 's real debt . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-debt-crisis-how-goldman-sachs-helped-greece-to-mask-its-true-debt-a-676634.html ) [ another article ] ( https://www.thenation.com/article/goldmans-greek-gambit/ ) says they got 600 millions for `` helping '' them out . 
  the whole mess is so complicated that i have hard time trying to understand it all - but it stinks like corruption on all sides . 
  to be honest , it was very easy job , basic helpdesk stuff . 
  i was more than competent to handle that it , but my cv lacked real it work experience so it was damn near impossible to get employed . 
  only thing i learned in the job was customer service , which is n't exactly rocket science - just being nice to people . 
  most jobs they offer are retail/telemarketing/warehouse stuff . 
  the helpdesk job was a very rare case . 
  although i happened to benefit , i 'm still very much against the whole scheme . 
  it eats the entry level jobs and only thing people get it is one more line in their cvs . 
  i 'm do n't live in uk , but i worked for a year under same kind of deal . 
  you get the unemployment benefits + 9 $ per day . 
  the guy who i replaced was working there under the same deal as i did , and so did the guy who replaced me . 
  it was full time it support job . 
  the organization i was working for absolutely needed the it support person , but since the government was footing the bill , they never hired anyone on that position .
