  basicly same with sex . 
  yet the op post says that an infant is 2.4 times more likely to do die in usa than in sweden . 
  and if i remember correctly death at childbirth is also quite high in usa compared to eu . 
  its not that usa does n't have the know how , its that the supply chain sucks and people can afford the check ups and care . 
  which results in worser average . 
  what i wonder is that , is the difference because of the education or because of the country ? 
  basically , does it matter where you get your education as long as you work in usa ? 
  also i wonder are those number before or after taxes . 
  and are cost of living and purchasing power considered at all . 
  and if you live in sweden you can access the opportunities of the whole eu . 
  that is one of the key ideas behind eu , free movement of labor . 
  in sweden her children would have higher chance of not dying in infancy than in usa . 
  and for a fraction of cost to her . 
  as i understand it the guy was ` upset ' because the rich people were upset that they could n't skip the line in universal healthcare and have to go somewhere else for the ` privilege ' . 
  and i too think it bad that rich people think that just because they have money , it means they are more important and should go first . 
  regardless of their level of urgency or need . 
  i dont mind that they go to private healthcare . 
  but i do mind that in their minds the biggest flaw of universal healthcare is that they are not prioritized . 
  well you have to pay . 
  my mother decided to go to poland for vacation instead last year . 
  i mean there are other reasons like she has already been to paris , london , berlin etc. 
  and poland is really cheap . 
  but the fact that a terrorist attack would have been really unlikely was in there as well . 
  why would sweden pay for a wall between finland and russia ? 
  make up has gone in and out of fashion through history . 
  and if i remeber right , make up became really popular because of silent movies and the actresses in them . 
  a lot fo snow , but no flash lights ? 
  ... how did you learn that sentence ? 
  i feel alcohol is around to its currents extend , because it is so easy to make . 
  you dont need to import a part of plant to make it . 
  you just need water and something with carbohydrates and yeast . 
  it wasn\u00e4t asking that . 
  it was asking if gender equality is important . 
  wether or not there is gender equality does n't matter . 
  god dammit , swedes beat us again !, 
  when you are north enough its not rain , but snow . 
  which actually makes it less dark . 
  . . but france is grey on the map . 
  so they defenetly drink less while pregnant . 
  i dont really get shower heads you cant hold . 
  i mean with hand held one you can direct where you need the water and not just let it rain on yourself . 
  worst offenders are those showers that try to act like rain . 
  there is no water pressure !, 
  i 'm from finland and always turn off shower when shampooing etc. 
  but since our family has always used hand held shower heads this is a must . 
  what if the ferries start to go directly to latvia ? 
   resist zionism . . as a finn myself , i have never even met a jewish person . 
  do they even have large or agressive enough group in finland to affect anything ? 
   higher average age of mothers . 
  i 'm quite sure we have that same problem in finland . 
  now where did that huge terrorist act happen , where they flew planes in to building ? 
  not to mention that it is very unlikely you will hurt bystander with a knife . 
  i mean you cant really have runbystabbings where some poor guy just passing by gets stabbed as well . 
  or accidently stab someone through a wall or door . 
  most finnish people live in the south and on the coast . 
  so even if it looks like most of the country is in the second darkest color . 
  most of the people dont live in there . 
  so the actual number of homicides is going to be low . 
  and when the rate is coutned for the whole country its noit going to affect the final rate too much . 
  why are all the floors wet ? 
  would n't that depend on where they grew up ? 
  i can understand someone from \u00c5land thinking like that , but a swedish speaking finn in helsinki will have a lot of use for finnish language . 
   check their eyebrows . 
  that 's a giveaway . 
  or its a blond girl wearing makeup . 
  edit : and your own wikipedia article says that light coloring dominates much of finland !, 
  about getting bacteria from inside the reproductive tract . 
  as i understand it hens in eu ( or atleast in finland ) have been vaccinated against salmonella . 
  so there should n't be any salmonella hanging around the hens reproductive system . 
  its 17 bands per million citizens . 
  well it is a very simple design . 
  you start with a normal cross and add a little to the ends . 
  or start with a square with a cross and erase come parts . 
  i once accidently designed a swastika as a child , all i was trying to do was arrange capital ls in a nice way . 
  i 'm quite sure finnic languages come from what is now northern russia , atleast we have a lot of close language relatives in that area . 
  and finns/estonians used to populate the eastern areas of the baltic sea . 
  so while hungary is a language relative , its the odd one out . 
  i have no idead if we are geneticly related to them at all . 
  are n't the parts of russia and balkans muslim because of ottoman empire ? 
  as i understand it , only a tiny part of turkey is in europe . 
  while russia is mostly in asia , the are it has in europe is vast in size and something like 1/4 to 1/8 of the whole country . 
  on top of that most of russians live in the european side of ural mountains , while most of turks dont live in the european side . 
  i personally consider russia part of europe . 
  even though you can see from culture that it is in the edge of europe . 
  its similar , they are christian , but not catholic or protestant . 
  [ i think a lot of the asian roots can be seen for example in the fashion , before russia reformed as an european super power . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivan_the_terrible#/media/file:ivan_the_terrible_and_harsey.jpg ) and at the same time i dont consider turkey as part of europe . 
  it has completly different religion . 
  and as i understand it turkish language or people are n't that closely related to any other european people or languages . 
  most of russian people are in the european side of the ural mountains . 
  i would totally understand a violent response to these things , if they were still happening !, 
  go be violent when nazis actually were in power , not now when they have been gone 70 years !, 
  well that would be the first guess , if they speak finnish wihtout a accent . 
  if not , mostlikely foreinger from some more southern country . 
  just by looking ? 
  if i 'm helsink they could be fro manywhere in the world . 
  if i go to my birthplace ( not countryside , but smaller city ) i would still guess gypsy , since there are no foreingers there . 
   i mean if you see a gypsi in normal clothes in a normal situation ( not begging on the street or somehting like that ) than you would n't know that he is a gypsi . 
  depends where you are . 
  in finland they are generally darker than the average finn .
