switzerland is not in scandinavia . 
   time for some of us to go to switzerland and beg . 
  what does this have to do with the post ? 
  iceland should have the haploid groups of the group that settled in there . 
  so iceland should somewhat match norway . 
  if there are 3 millions saunas shared by little over 5 million people , then about every household has a sauna of their own . 
  my mother chose to go poland this summer . 
  partly because of the terrorist attacks , partly because its really cheap there . 
  well i think it would work culturally as well . 
  i think people would take more offense if you switched the nationalities . 
  so calling finns russians that try to act swedish . 
  but generally . . meh . 
  i guess as a finn we would be somehwere between swedes and russians . 
  but the most funniest thing in the chart i think was that the russians reingned by a volunteer . 
  i was never told that . 
  granted i grew up in quite small town in finland . 
  but still i walk to bus and from bus stop to my apartment drunk at nigth every now and then in helsinki . 
  and before this whole migrant wave thing i never even thougth about it being unsafe . 
  yeah i wonder about that . 
  i mean if this posted right after the screenshots were taken , the trip would have taken place in monday after noon . 
  not a prime drinking time . 
  plus this was wooden church . 
  those dont survive as well as stone ones . 
   hungarian is the only language in the world where the main word for `` yes '' is n't one syllable . 
  in finnish yes is kyll\u00e4 . 
  which has two syllables . 
  so that is n't true . 
  i would be far more embrassed about being in erotic store buying a porn magazine than it being on my bank details . 
  thats why i do all that kinda purchases on the internet with my credit card . 
  would also work . 
  i was wondering that . 
  her photo looks really familiar , not that i know her . 
  but just i see a lot of people who look like her here . 
  that name does n't sound swedish . 
  cant say anything about her looks since your link does n't work . 
  you think peopel suddenly would want to fuck their siblings just because a law was n't there anymore ? 
  or parents making their children marry each other ? 
  because i dont see how arranged marriages have to do with incest . 
  or incest havign to do with grooming ( which i thougth ment a form of pedophilia ) . 
  how so ? 
  i mean pedophilia would still be illegal . 
  i would argue incest being legal would n't increase pedophilia . 
  if the end game is dead i guess the number of attackers does n't matter . 
  but about anything else i think less attackers the better . 
  with rape i would imagine the attack would just last longer in general with more attackers , which to me is instantly worse . 
  i would say gangrape is always more serious than a ` regural ' rape . 
  with just one attacker there atleast is a chance of getting away or figthing . 
  i have no idea of etymologi , but pirtti nowdays means either a very small rural house ( like just a one room ) or the kitchen/living area of a old rural houses . 
   also , remember that until very recently ( well , maybe still ... ) , the eu was talking about redistribution . 
  as a migrant , you 've no idea where you might be redistributed -- you might spend a year learning german and then be dumped in france , so you probably do n't want to commit many resources to it . 
  i would think that you could affect where you are going to end up by learning the language of the place you want to end up . 
  want to go to france ? 
  learn french and increase your odds . 
  and so on . 
  i personally dont think if somebody is great that they also are good or moral . 
  if somebody says alexander the great i dont think he was anyway good person just that he did something big . 
  does great britain mean the its somehow morally good ? 
  no its just big . 
  did n't he change uk from absolute monarchy to what it is today ? 
  i would think that is what pushed him to to the top 10 . 
  the country would be compeltly different without him . 
  were they ? 
  i always got the impression that they actually did n't improve many of their technologies because they had a large number of slaves . 
  i mean why invent something that will either cut the manpower needed or make it safer for the laborers when you can just throw another group of slaves to do the work if the first one was n't enough . 
  i was not expecting the end . . 
  the way he speaks is very common in finland . 
  he is clearly fluent , but he has n't really talked a lot in english . 
   the fact that you have one swedish class on your curriculum does n't oppress you , it gives you access to swedish , danish , and norwegian , if you want . 
  i dont mind there being a compulsory language there . 
  but i do think it would be better you could choose what language . 
  for example russian could be much more useful language to some . 
  whats with that savonian invasion to the west coast . 
  looks totally out of place . 
  but is n't that a really good place for his statue ? 
  beczause he literally took the power from the king and gave it to the parlament ( even though he first played king for awhile ) . 
  i think it depends a lot when the rape happened . 
  yesterday , yeah its completly ok to start crying when you just a see man . 
  and it would be reasonable to try to avoid peopel who remind you of the rape . 
  half a year a go , yeah you cant keep living your life fearing everyman you come across . 
  i had the same thing when my brother commited suicide . 
  for few weeks any mention of suicides ( jokes , just casual mentions ) and siblings made tear up immeditly . 
  and that is normal and it is also normal to try to avoid those things as much as i possibly could . 
  but overtime i got somewhat over it . 
  suicide jokes are n't funny to me anymore , but those dont make me cry . 
  same with talking about siblings . 
  but what i mean with this , it migth be beneficial for rape victims to have a space where they can feel safe , untill they can get themselves together . 
  i actually wondered about this when the original post about this place came up . 
  would men prefer male or female staff ? 
  in a way i would think female staff would be less treathning , but male staff could be more relatable to men in general . 
  i have never understood how you defend yourself against humans with a gun . 
  i mean if i knwo someone is coming over and is going to attack me , then i could get prepare for that . 
  but thats not how things usually go . 
  your attacker will be the first to pull a gun , and you have to react to them . 
  so you just get shot going for your gun , or are too slow for even to attempt to go for your gun and get hold up by gun point . 
  home invasion scenarios make even less sense . 
  you would have to keep loaded gun next to your bed and i would think that would be way more risky than the odd chance someone is going to invade your home while you are there . 
  from what ? 
   but i only support conscription at times when there is a direct attack on the homeland by an outside force . 
  in times of peace conscription is stupid . 
  but it is beneficial to have atleast somehwat trained standby army , before the conflict starts .
