  training everybody only after the conflict starts will cost you time and money you may not have . 
  because there is n't a opposition against these thing ? 
  i get that there is much less traffic and people , but still those houses would n't been empty . 
  and even apartments used to have live in staff . 
  for example my aunt owns a one room apartment in katajanokka ( in helsinki ) . 
  its a spacious apartment with high cealings , but it is literally and alcove , room , kitchen and a bathroom . 
  and it used to have a seperate staff door !, 
  we speculate that the bathroom used to be a maids room , because the door ( if in use ) would go directly to the bathroom . 
  but back to the issue , these people have to go to work , stuff needs to be delivered to the office buildings ( supplies , food etc. ), 
  and none of these people are in the pictures , so i would imagine these pictures are n't taken in during the communiting times . 
  they obviously know each other . 
  i wonder if the lack of people is because of the time ? 
  for example , during midsummer a lot of people leave helsinki to go to the country side . 
  maybe so , but self done abortions then but two lives at risk . 
  surely that is worse than one . 
  people left syria as war refugees , but they are in sweden because they are welfare seekers . 
  sweden is n't anywhere close syria or middle east in general . 
  anybody fleeing from there would have to cross many safe places to get to sweden . 
  well summers are short here so people do get tans then , but generally most people dont get artificial tans . 
  and tans in middle of winter do stand out . 
  its a good way to know someone has had a vacation in the south recently . 
  still darker than the avarage estonian . 
  hell basicly all nationalities are darker than the ones in northern europe . 
  i 'm from finland and people with brown eyes and brown/dark brown hair are rare . 
  i mean they exist but for example in my class of 20 odd people only 3 had brown eyes and dark hair . 
  others had somekinda mixed green/gray/blue eyes and light brown hair . 
  and you think syrians or even spaniards dont stand out as brown in a population like this ? 
   they 're about the same skintone as the average spaniard which is brown or atleast browner than the avarge estonian . 
  then it cant be compared with the orginal chart . 
  the orginal chart is about houses , not apartments . 
  is that apartments or houses ? 
  what city is more expensive than helsinki in finland ? 
  them being swedish , does n't mean that they looked swedes . 
  i was baptized as a baby . 
  did my confimation when i was 15 . 
  i only did for the money i knew i would get , by that time i was already an atheist . 
  i offically left the chruch when i turned 18 , so i did n't have to pay taxes to the church . 
  as i said i dont myself belive in god , but i would n't mind church wedding or baptizing my future children etc. 
  i actually prefer christian funerals . 
  not because i think it does anything , but at the time of grief its nice to have habits you can just follow , wihtout having to plan anything . 
   but of course in varying degrees , praying at home for world peace seems very futile to me so i would rather you spend that energy on doing something instead i belive that is more to their peace of mind than to make world peace real . 
  and in that case it works , so why not . 
  [ or maybe . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqeht6dzhlpa9m0x3fiyc8hib78iz7gxr8m5gporvtkvvvz7xoyga ), 
  depends on the city , i think . 
  paris , london etc are ancient . 
  and have been large cities long before industrial revolution . 
  but then you have something like manchester that did exists before the industrial revolution , but really expanded and grew in to a proper city during it . 
  also it could modify the shopping patterns of people short on money . 
  currently the cheapest products are usually the most unhealthy . 
  true , its jsut that the person i replied to implied a low police/population ration to be bad in some way . 
  so i guess somekinda comparison between police per 100 000 , amount of crime , amount of solved/unsolved crime and how much people trust their police would give a more realistic picture . 
  but that is really hard . 
  to be honest is it ranking last or first ? 
  i mean a lot of police sounds like there is a lot of unrest . 
  why is the cross crooked ? 
  but the problem is that i have never seen this magazine on either of my granparents place . 
  would n't a hair salon have a reason to discriminate based on ethnicity ? 
  i mean cutting white hair is not the same as cutting black hair . 
  and i would completly understand if someone was turned away based on that worker does n't know how to cut that hair type . 
  plywood houses are no good , timber is completly different matter . 
  is it really suprising that people living in a place where europe , asia and africa connect will have very diverse genetic background ? 
  i rate it important after having to deal with bus loads of russian tourists who dont speak english !, 
  and i worked at a mcdonalds , its not rocket science to order a burger . 
  hell , it was easier to serve a mute/deaf person than it was to serve russians !, 
  or somebody from home recognized them . 
  because i doubt the couple completly stopped being tunisian or muslim . 
  so they must have shopped at halal butchers and other places a lot of muslims go to . 
  so its a matter of time and luck when somebody from home recognizes them . 
  maybe these other facts dont have enough sources behind them ? 
  i would imagine bbc requiring good sources , before they report anything . 
  that does n't sound like good public trasnportation . 
  yeah , but norwegians have it the worst . 
  visiting sweden and even finland for alcohol . 
  swedish go to denmark and finnish go to estonia . 
  and the danish go to germany . 
  so there is this huge nordic booze trip going on . 
  ... all of swedens neighbours have system similar to systembolaget . 
  finland is more on that penisula than denmark . . 
  these pictures were taken on a monday . 
  so most people would be at work or school . 
  so the answer is to cause more scandal that will bring more cameras to the neighbourhood ? 
   at the same time , pesticides help increase crop yields , improving food security for humans -- which is not an issue for this and most other environmental organizations . 
  i would say those things are not issue for eu or usa either . 
  i cant belive nobody has n't posted [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdfgd_qyhdo ) yet . 
  they are n't all relatives . 
  i do n't know the characters names in english , but niiskuneiti and niisku ( the girl and her brother ) are not related to the moomin family . 
  not to mention there was at least one adventurer moomin who had no relatives . 
  not to mention the father moomin grew up in an orphanage full of moomins unrelated to each other . 
  they clearly got it from uk . 
  those stereotypicly gay costumes are because of tom of finland . 
  who drew a lot of gay porn between 1950-1990 . 
  wwi was n't that big of a deal in finland . 
  but at december 1917 we got our independence and on the beginning of 1918 a civil war broke out . 
  and after that 2 wars with russia and one with germany . 
  would n't that usually results people just not voting , instead of a downvote ? 
  considering the plaque is usually trasnmitted by pests or human to human conduct . 
  how you cook your food would n't affect how its spread . 
  i 'm not sure torah hygiene laws would have saved anyone from the plaque . 
  i think in finland surrogacy is legal , its just illegal to buy or sell it .
