thank you for reminding us how beautiful and diverse europe is , we need someone to do this from time to time otherwise we would only discuss about brexit and immigrants around here, 
  gagauz are the proof that turks can into christianity / s, 
  the individual states by themselves will never reach deals as good as the ones that eu can . 
  so i guess it depends what you want fast deals or favorable deals, 
  the saying is common in romania as well, 
  was n't journalism meant to be neutral , a watch dog of the society in general ? 
  the fact that we do n't see anything wrong with a formula like `` opposition journalists '' shows that the journalism this days is nothing more than a tool used to protect different interests based on whom is paying more usually , and the sad part is that we got used with this type of `` journalism '', 
  stockholm syndrome strikes again, 
   people should be allowed to be morons , and then be judged because if it . 
  based on this logic , all the nazi symbols should be allowed too , what you are missing is that isis is attracting most of their followers by using symbols like their flag in their propaganda campaigns , people that might be inclined to follow isis will see this like a victory , another step towards a swedish caliphate giving them confidence that their views are correct and it will encourage them to follow this views further  the only thing i think will come out of this is that the people who are actually stupid enough to fly the flag will be judged as horrible people and morons ( which they are ) , lose any sort of credibility with normal society and be put on a watch list . 
  or maybe drag more support for radical views of islam , the people that would fly an isis flag do not interact with the swedish society anyway so why would you think they would even care that the swedish society will portray them as moron ? 
   and be put on a watch list that might be the only positive aspect , but most of the terrorist in france and belgium were on a watch list as well , and that did n't help, 
  very convenient , for him , 
   but mostly my grandfather would wake up and stay in line every day for us to have milk so it did n't affect me directly . 
  there was a saying in romania back then : `` the family which does n't have an old man , should buy one '' , 
   here 's the truth : the sad part came after the ceausescu fell . 
  ceau\u0219escu felt and romanians voted in power leaders from the second layer of the communist party , iliescu , roman , etc. 
  so basically the change from a quality perspective was n't happened . 
   because until then you had a society which was artificially propping up certain values , people and activities . 
  all of those fall gradually after ceausescu falls and a deep desperation of inadequacy is unveiled in the society . 
  you have to acknowledge a problem if you want to solve it , that is the first step , so in my perspective this `` unveiling '' has been a first step that we took towards becoming a better country, 
  all my comments are meant for your colleague , i have nothing with the messenger , 
  then you should know that most europeans have a different sense of humor than ours , and most of them will take post like that literally . 
  be serious , 47 % is a huge number . 
  and most of this people had lived over 30-40 years in germany, 
  haters will always hate , that is my answer to your colleague, 
  so that is why they are killing mainly iraqs and syrians in the areas that they control in order to fight a foreign occupation ? 
  / s give it up !, 
  your logic does not make any sense, 
  and what are the circumstances for which isis violence is justified in your opinion ? 
  8 % are willing to admit that violence against non-believers it is ok , this is the catch, 
  good point , i totally agree with it, 
  so there are n't any `` no go zones '' in france ? 
  ! , a lot of people were arguing about it here , i would like to ask them how would they call an area in which such events can happen ? 
  we and the polish like you , tho , 
  and i enjoy reading ignorant comments like yours . 
  romania had to join the nazi after uk and france failed to respect their obligations as main guarantors of romania 's territorial integrity . 
  we have n't joined the nazi being bound by a common political ideology but rather out of a survival instinct . 
  were the jewelries insured ? 
  hmm . . 
  7m have n't been enough it seems / s, 
  i wonder if anything will be done about crimea as a hole , from what i am reading nobody is even taking about it , is like if russia will retreat from east of ukraine than the west will lift all the sanctions and it is willing to pretend that nothing ever happened . 
  what a big surprise , not !, 
  if it helps you in any way to know , i can tell you that a lot of ees are facing the same kind of challenges as you do . 
  the main difference between immigrants like you and the ones coming from very conservative societies is the way in which each group responds to this challenges . 
  you can either try harder , which i suppose you do , use the existing prejudice as a fuel for your ambitions or live in your bubble blaming everyone and everything that is different from the things that you are used to , for all your failures . 
   possible corruption . 
  [ bbc reported ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32792314 ) last year that illegal logging has inflicted losses of at least $ 5bn ( # 3.6 bn ; $ 5.7 bn ) on romania since the communist regime was toppled in 1989 and that romanians were protesting about it . 
  deforestation has reduced romania 's forest cover to about 26 % of the total land area , he said , `` but scientists say 36 % should be the minimum '' . 
  this kind of problems have as main reasons corruption and a weak rule of law , who actually owns the forests has much less impact than the motives stated above  as to foreign ownership of forests or agricultural land , again it can be an identity issue as land is central to a group 's identity , it could be a national security issue re food security or simply exploitation of a poorer country 's primary resources . 
  all this concerns are real and exist , but all of them can be addressed by a strong and well implemented legislation , romania could for example impose quotas on how much wood can be exploited , how much wood can be exported , tougher actions against illegal logging , and so on  its also possibly illegal in those countries . 
  and oak takes ages to grow , it 's a multigenerational investment . 
  it is n't illegal as it was one of the preconditions that we had to agree on in order to be part of the eu . 
  could we please start ignoring this guy ? 
  ! , he is irrelevant , besides being corrupt and a hypocrit . 
  what 's the issue here ? , i do n't care who owns the land in romania , as long as they are using it in the economic interest of the country . 
  as a matter of fact romania had a couple of leaders , and business owners of foreign origins which had been more patriotic and dedicated to the prosperity of romania than a lot of romanian leaders are right now . 
  i wish you good luck , dear fins !, 
  it is only me that thinks that this kind of demands have rather more a political goal than religious importance ? 
  i mean even in coran it is being written that muslim are allowed to respect the customs of the place were they are living if that area/country is not a muslim one . 
  drama queens !, 
   they even made the sky bluer !, 
  damn these rumanians , when they get to work there 's no stopping them . 
  this might be more true than you might think , as eu regulation required that romania had to move its heavy industry outside of the cities , so as a result you get a cleaner environment and blue skies  on the other hand some of the factories went bankrupt , not being able to compete with their western counterparts after romania opened up its domestic market, 
  i think the brits were more worried by the immigration policies that countries like norway , sweden or germany have regarding immigrants/refugees , than the ee migrants . 
  and turkey gave us ethnic romanians , from where ? 
  thanks for the advice , i am very relaxed . 
  http://www.wsj.com/articles/turkeys-kurdish-cities-become-war-zones-1450898252 http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskcn0wh0iw http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/05/29/magazine/behind-the-barricades-of-turkeys-hidden-war.html, 
  `` cleaning operations '' with tanks and helicopters into cities , ya right, 
  western media is far from being free and democratic but is far better than the turkish media which is basically the propaganda arm of the turkish government, 
  just a few : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tosgw2hzehq https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k4kidokk9om https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7uxmsijg8rc ps : you can downvote me as much as you want , time will show who is right, 
  for me this does n't adds up : 1 . 
  first those police officers were killed after a bomb killed a couple of dozens of kurds that were demonstrating in support of the kurds in kobani , some sources say that they were ready to cross the border even and support the kurds in kobani . 
  i know that the turkish government blame isis for the attack but pkk blame the turkey for the attack and they retaliated by killing the two police officers 2 . 
  if two police officers are killed you do n't start a civil war in which probability until now hundreds had died already , you try to isolated the incident to contain the hole situation, 
   yeah , another one is , guess what ? 
  syria , rumors assad regime has bought oil from isis are , at the very least , [ far more founded ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/assad-oil-isis-2016-4?r=us&amp;ir=t ) let 's wait a bit , i am sure that all the turkish official sacked during the last months will start speaking very soon , and they will bring even more solid profs then the ones that already exist . 
  on the other hand for the syrian regime to buy oil from its enemy does n't make any sense to me . 
  besides plenty of youtube clips that can be found online supporting this theory , let 's just use the logic : isis was making most of its revenue from oil , the main consumer of oil in the region which does n't has its own oil resources it is turkey edit : grammar, 
  the reason for which turkey broke the truce with pkk is hilarious to say the least , turkey basically made up a reason to resume the fight against pkk, 
  if turkey would had really want to fight against isis it would n't have bought any oil from them , and it would have defended kobani when they had the chance to do it , by entering into the ground war in syria much earlier . 
  their main target are the kurds everyone knows that . 
  edit : grammar, 
  what makes things even worse is that the dogs are haram / s, 
  the first union between wallachia and moldova in 1859 happen without the consent of the great powers , so i guess from that perspective we are on a good track . 
  nevertheless a solution similar with the german austrian solution , or any other solution that would transform r. of moldova in a stable and prosperous country will be seen as a positive result as well . 
  now only the middle eastern origin part has to be proven . 
  hint : drinking habits will not help you this time , 
  i do n't speak french , tho / s, 
  i think when people complain about ees or mes they do not complain about their genetical heritage , they complain about their culture and their habits, 
  you could subsidize a lot of green energy projects with 13bn euros , tho, 
  volkswagen 's paycheck to us  . 
  this kind of laws and regulations have much more to do with the competition that sites like airbnb pose towards the traditional accommodation business then it has to do with anything else . 
  chances are that the hotel industry are better on lobbying on keeping their advantages then airbnb is . 
  when i spoke about a colonial museum i meant a museum that will present also what the dutch rule meant for the countries and ethnic groups that they rule upon , and not just a museum that will present a bunch of items looted or bought by the dutch from their colonies . 
  the colonial dutch past might have meant for the dutch their golden age , but had you even wonder how are those times remembered and perceived by the countries that they ruled upon ? 
  what about the slave trade that dutch did , any word about it anywhere in the public dutch space , or in the current dutch society ? 
  there is only one monument about it in [ oosterpark ] ( http://www.whatsupwithamsterdam.com/slavery-in-amsterdam/ ) , which i bet is not as promoted as anne frank museum is . 
  i always have been fascinated by the fact that the dutch have an `` ane frank '' museum but no slavery museum or a museum dedicated to the colonial dutch past . 
  i mean it looks like they are good pointing fingers without looking themselves first in the mirror .
