no , no congo for you . 
  i doubt it , but we 'll see . 
  i hope one of those `` elite '' sues the crap out of those involved . 
  city airport is right next to the thames , they have moorings for boats near the terminal afaik . 
  of course , i 'm pretty sure they have the same fencing as other airports . 
  it is slightly helped by the fact that if the children are girls they do n't have to marry another jewish person in order for the children to be jewish , at least according to rabninic judaism . 
  if my girlfriend and i were to have children they would be jewish , her mothers side of the family are descended from ( i think ) czech jews . 
  and cyprus . 
  appropriate flair . 
  * chills * . 
  as you were . 
  and we 're still having problems with russia . 
  alan rickman for anything menacing . 
  easier said than done without your towel . 
   germany goes to poland we were invited , punch was served !, 
  who is n't ? 
  we 're pretty shit to be fair . 
  iceland has approximately the same population as croydon . 
  imagine if hitler had gone with that reasoning . 
  hear them whisper , voices from the other side . 
  hear them calling , former foes now friends are resting side by side . 
  and his opposition admitted defeat . 
  projections have been wrong so many times this year , so we 'll see what happens . 
  and rauchbier , berliner weisse , bock , dunkel and so on, 
  to be fair , they have created more styles than pretty much any country except maybe belgium and the uk . 
  why do putin and david cameron look so similar ? 
  you 're in the snipers sight, 
  i would assume you need to provide id , but i 'm not sure . 
  which means it happened within the lifetime of most people in here . 
   ~ ~ probably ~ ~ definitely exhausted . 
  pretty much . 
   we 're now entering jezza, 
  perhaps we 've found his back alley again, 
  some breweries are moving into 440ml and 500ml cans now . 
  main ones doing so are cloudwater and northern monk using 440s , and magic rock using 500ml for anything that is n't their core range . 
  fuck , superior beer exists in their own country . 
  i got one with a greene king 12 pack . 
  only thing in there worth keeping . 
  we 'll miss you , eu !, 
  austrian german is just camp german . 
  tryna get some pie, 
  you have lots of sheep , just like wales . 
  how the bloody hell is this post holocaust denial ? 
  we have some in our garden . 
  so that 's where the slitheen went . 
  and then somebody would start a revolution . 
  we have large eastern european population in my town , half of them do n't speak a word of english . 
  makes serving them at work an absolute bitch . 
  it 's also about the only reason my girlfriend and i have n't moved germany , i do n't speak any more than basic german . 
  we 'd be fine otherwise , she 's eligible for citizenship and speaks very good german ( and yiddish , but that 's another story ) . 
  [ style of beer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/india_pale_ale?wprov=sfla1 ) , [ jai alai ] ( https://cigarcitybrewing.com/beer/jai-alai-ipa/?age-verified=3e6107480e ) is a quite well regarded version . 
  it 's also a fantastic ipa . 
  according to wikipedia it 's a translation of a latin phrase and is because the greek alphabet is so different from the latin alphabet . 
  dutch courage as well , courage gained from being drunk . 
  we have all greek to me in england as well . 
  i 'm not entirely sure , that was the first thing i thought of as well . 
  i know that was on qi , but i checked the wiki article and the only bit about the naming is what i put in my previous comment . 
  spanish flu . 
  the pandemic started in the us , it was named spanish flu because spain was the only coubtry printing it in their newspapers . 
  canada , probably . 
  got quite a lot of family over there . 
  i really want to get out there at some point . 
  i live in the town thomas paine was born in . 
  it depends . 
  some foreign residents can speak very good english , some barely any and most are somewhere in between . 
  at my last job we had a regular customer , he was indian . 
  he spoke to his family in fluent hindi , he always spoke us in fluent english including regional accent . 
  the biggest mistake people make with english is grammar . 
  because of the weird grammar in english , a lot of people use grammar from their own language . 
  at least everybody would know the words then . 
   the other stanzas arent sung for a reason , though except at tennis matches . 
  i think the oxford english dictionary is the largest , just over 300,00 entries i think . 
  i assume they came up with a solution . 
  queenie , probably . 
  i often see muntjac deer on my way to work in the early morning . 
  [ when the winged hussars arrived ] ( https://youtu.be/75zmij_4lfq ), 
  probably the definitions for class a bananas , which is the highest grade . 
  to make it even more confusing , daddy long legs can also refer to the crane flies of family tipulidae . 
  basically , anything classified in tipulidae , pholcidae and opilliones can be called a daddy long legs . 
  depends on if you 're calling an opilliones or * pholcus phalangioides * a daddy long legs . 
  * p. phalangioides * is a spider , and is sometimes called daddy long legs , it 's also known as the cellar spider . 
  only thing i know about albania is the majority religion is islam . 
  you also have bock , so there 's that at least . 
  this seems like it would happen at my local chippy . 
  so we 'd be speaking some weird combination of english and norwegian ? 
  sounds fun . 
  next thing you know they 'll be on strike . 
  and harvey nichols has a store in leeds . 
  was altered slightly in 2011 , extra measures of alcohol were added including two thirds of a pint of beer . 
  all the time at work . 
  i live in a small town in the uk , we have a large population of people from europe . 
  lots of people from portugal , poland , lithuania , russia , various other countries . 
  most of them speak good enough english , but you get the occasional one who can not . 
  once had a customer who had some kind of issue with the change i had given him . 
  problem was he kept trying to explain it to me in his own language , to this day i have no idea what was wrong as i know i have him the correct change . 
  so donald duck is to you as the queen is to us brits ? 
  even the shop i work at is . 
  we 're a discount retailer , yet we 're having an unnanounced `` black friday event . '', 
  maybe i 'm just irritated because i went in today to find more stock than i expected to deal with . 
  do n't mention the war !,
