  people are voting for their interests by voting tory . 
  eh i do n't think you realise what is in the interest of the vast majority of british . 
  unemployment is 5 % . 
  the tories have reduced unemployment , effectively reduced taxes , and made life a lot better for those who are working , which constitutes most britons . 
  i think this is mostly due to a culture where instant gratification is required . 
  people do n't want to wait for happiness anymore , nor do they want to wait for a burger anymore . 
  our attitude as a society is the only thing i can think of that has changed dramatically since the 80s . 
  uh i do n't know why no one is talking about the biggest atrocity in history when eukaryotic cells started consuming prokaryotes and then enslaving them for eternity . 
  they still use the dirty slur ` mitochondria ' , and even to this day enslave them and use them only to produce energy for themselves . 
  i mean whatever there are insurgencies of prokaryotes that kill a few million eukaryotes every year by overpowering them but fuck check your privilege eukaryotic organisms . 
  thanks for the update . 
  i was under the impression that europe was a single country , but clearly i was mistaken . 
  it 's hard to find a party who has a realistic view of what europe stands for . 
  who triumphs all of our achievements while not thinking we 're gods on earth . 
  at the same time , people have become so sick of shitty identity politics and self flagellation that they would prefer to have the other extreme for a while to get some balance . 
  the ideas of democracy , capitalism and liberty all come from christian thinkers and they are based on what people believed the bible was trying to say , or what god wanted . 
  cameron is standing up effectively for ` western ' values . 
  these values never organically came to fruition in the muslim world , and is partly why we have such a big problem today in that islam is a totally different ideology and the people of that ideology think differently . 
  unfortunately these threads instead of supporting cameron 's underlying words ( i.e. 
  the protection of things like these against extremists ) , they become a pissing competition about who can be the most atheist . 
  the underlying concern here is correct and it 's what we should be supportive of . 
  3.8 % including other christians . 
  i saw some polls for the french presidential election suggesting the left wing are going to be hit really hard in the upcoming election . 
  it 's no wonder given how they 're managing the country . 
  ps are expected to get only 16 % of the vote , and the far left 10 % . 
  lr on the right are polling at about 30 % if they put juppe forward , and the far right are on something like 27 % . 
  i 'm a keen follower of opinion polls ( as i am a weirdo ) and in recent times i 've noticed what appears to be the death of the left in european nations . 
  we 'll see how it pans out but it 's quite interesting . 
  spain does n't have that big of a muslim population from as much as i can tell ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_spain seems like it 's less than 3.8 % . 
  ` barely any coverage ' - links to massive uk newspaper . 
  the problem includes both inviting more people here and also the past problem we already had . 
  i mean surely this just outlines that the hatred has never been a specific ethnic group , it 's always been about poor uneducated immigrants coming hoping for what is often a free ride , and on top of that , more so when the immigrants come from a group with a known hatred for the uk . 
  in the uk since the ira was still a big threat , and having so many irish might have seemed like a bit of a security threat , i suppose much like how people think about muslims today . 
  i say this as an irishman ( well northern irish i suppose , but if anything they hated us more ) , we all know that there was a long period of anti-irish sentiment in the uk , but i can understand why the english felt that way , at least , in the latter part of the 20th century anyway . 
  not to mention give birth to 3 to 5 kids each . 
  that 's the real issue , is no that it 's a drop in the pond overall , but that these people will give birth to a lot more kids than themselves , and in the current european atmosphere of not having kids , that could mean vast cultural changes in one generation . 
  the reason people kill in the name of islam is because of ideology . 
  the nazis were cultured and educated , but it was their ideology that meant they killed so many people . 
  i wish people would stop with this bullshit . 
  many of the people in syria right now fighting with isis have bachelor degrees or are even doctors . 
  no one would 've been saying before wwii that the reason these nazi extremists exist is because the welfare state is n't big enough and people do n't get enough education . 
  probably irish who do n't like anyone even uttering the idea of irish reunification with the uk . 
  i never endorsed anything like that . 
  i was against the original comment which only said that it wanted ` the atrocities ' of the british empire taught . 
  if he had instead said ' i think the british empire , both its benefits and negatives , should be taught in school in a more robust way ' , i would 've agreed . 
  white washing history is only teaching the british empire as evil , and it 's entirely politically loaded . 
  we do not teach the roman empire as primarily evil , even though it displaced many indigenous european people , and led to millions of deaths potentially . 
  similarly only teaching of one empire , the british one , in a vacuum , while ignoring the atmosphere of the world and what was going on , is entirely ludicrous . 
  while we are speaking of the british empire , we should also be talking about the genocide committed by the turks , or what the french did , or how the han chinese killed tibetans . 
  otherwise you are nurturing a feeling of guilt amongst white britons , as if we were the only ones doing it , and hatred amongst those from countries we colonised who now live in our country , and would undoubtedly feel less of a connection with what ethnic british did , and they would certainly feel more of a hatred for what british people did to their countries . 
  teaching such a subject in such a one sided way , in detail , is politically explosive and divisive . 
  uhh yeah ? 
  i do n't think a statue should be knocked down because it offends a small minority in a very tenuous way , and the majority of people in the uk agreed that it should stay . 
  only 11 % of people thought it should be knocked down according to yougov , so if by ` one of those people ' you mean ` the vast majority of people ' , then yes i suppose i am . 
  i hope next we are knocking down statues of pretty much anyone before 1900 because they had views that were pro-imperialist . 
  we 're going to have to do a lot of statue knocking down . 
  i also hope all the railways and roads in colonised countries will be destroyed because they are surely remnants of their oppressive colonial past . 
  i do n't think it 's the government 's responsibility to nurture a feeling of guilt and self hatred in young children . 
  it 's true but islam tells these kids not to do those things . 
  the alcohol and drugs are a relief for kids and young adults who have problems . 
  when your religion and family say no you ca n't do that , then you look down other avenues , and often it is religion . 
  religion is not necessarily a bad avenue to go down , either , but inevitably when you choose islam rather than christianity you end up with an increasingly extremist view because of the propaganda spouted by islamic groups . 
  whereas if you choose christianity , the worst you can possibly do is condemn abortion and gay marriage, 
  i mean really ? 
  cause extremist muslims are killing and harassing christians in the middle east every day , even before isis . 
  in most of the middle east it is punishable by death to leave islam . 
  in egypt the christian population is thought to have fallen because of this , and the same in lebanon and other middle eastern countries . 
  if something like this is happening in the netherlands i would like to know because that sounds like real news . 
  the house of lords operates effectively as a technocratic chamber . 
  they have effectively no legislative power . 
  what the hell ? 
  rules against incest protect the people , it means they are n't born with terrible defects . 
  1/3 of all child disabilities in the uk are pakistani because they inbreed so much . 
  allowing incest to become the cultural norm is very dangerous . 
  society has rules . 
  i do n't believe allowing everything makes society a better place . 
  nobody is entirely free to begin with , anyway . 
  you are told how to think by both a lot of different influences . 
  how is that an argument ? 
  by saying incest is n't allowed we prevent it as much as possible . 
  a society can have any rules it desires , and avoiding incest seems to be a pretty good one . 
  being born without the ability to chew food is a bit different than being color blind anyway . 
  which sources ? 
  most of what i 've said is conjecture ( as i made pretty clear ) but the 10 % figure is easily found by simply searching ' 10 % muslim british births ' . 
  even if i had sources for the 30-40 % scenario they are just projections that can easily change . 
  however given the current rate of change it is not impossible to think of . 
  the 15 % is based on some graphs i saw a while ago and i just projecteded them out to 2016 from 2011 . http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10562574/almost-a-tenth-of-babies-and-toddlers-in-england-and-wales-are-muslim-census-figures-show.html, 
  at the minute 10 % of uk new borns are muslims . 
  that is up from something like 4 or 5 % 10 years ago , and the 10 % figure is for 2011 . 
  it 's 5 years later now , we have n't slowed down immigration , it might be much higher , maybe 15 % . 
  that means that the next generation will be fully 15 % muslim . 
  if birth rates did n't die down it might be possible that by 2050-60 the uk would be something like 30-40 % muslim in new borns in a high immigration scenario . 
  if not 2050 , then maybe 2100 . 
  even so , it 's not that long away . 
  i do n't think a civil war will happen any time soon , but if muslims were something like 40-50 % of the population ( which is not unthinkable ) , there would be great tensions which may then lead to civil war . 
  i 'm from northern ireland , and things were pretty peaceful in a mixed sort of community for a long time , but it only took one spark to set it all on fire . 
  such homogenous countries are inherently unstable , because it only takes a single act in history to turn things on their heads . 
  lebanon is another case , and many others including south africa . 
  well what evidence could there be ?
