  all i was saying was that it is a flaw in a multicultural society . 
  i do n't know why you 're so angry hahaha . 
  are you ok ? 
  if you 're willing to have a proper conversation i 'm here , but so far half of your argument has been about the fact that i accidentally put a w after ` the ' . 
  you could 've just googled if thew was a word to see if it made sense in the context , instead of looking like an utter twat . 
  and the typographical comment was a joke , i am aware of what a typo is , but usually typographical is a reference to the font face used . 
  have a good day anyway !, 
  oh no that was a joke , typographical usually refers to the artistic aspect of text . 
  you 're really so slow that you were thrown off by a stray w ? 
  what ? 
  there 's no typographic error , everyone here is using the same font !, 
  on top of that there is no error to make it unclear what i meant , and i said what i meant twice . 
  it 's not really a foreign conflict when you 're the aggressor . 
  jesus i know , i 'm just saying that this is a disadvantage of a multicultural society . 
  for fucks sake hahaha, 
  i just explained, 
  but it is thew difficulties of a multicultural society . 
  if a society was mono-cultural it would not have these difficulties . 
  i do n't see how that is evidence against me ? 
  the french at least originally tried to split syria by ethnicity , with an alawite state etc , but the arabs decided they wanted to be one state so that they could overpower the french . 
  then they never changed it . 
  it is not in that case the french fault at all . 
  no , i 'm saying there are people who believe this stuff . 
  in that article there were plenty of radicals . 
  i imagine there are groups who would love russian funding . 
  the last line yes is , but isis did say that they would flood europe with muslim fighters . 
  i would n't be surprised if at least some of those coming from syria are of that mind . 
  we have imported a big problem , potentially . 
  even if it 's only 1 % of refugees , it is 10,000 + , which is a small army . 
  i worry that we may have made a grave error . 
  it 's very interesting :  in march 2015 , at the midst of the war in ukraine , when the us was planning on supporting ukraine to fight against russia , a speaker for the chechen parliament threatened to `` arm mexico against us '' , and questioned the legal status of the territories of california , new mexico , arizona , nevada , utah , colorado and wyoming . 
  [ 4 ] it sort of shows the difficulties in a ` multicultural society ' in times of war or aggression . 
  when someone like russia wishes your country to suffer , it is not hard for them to find hardline groups in one ethnic group which they can arm . 
  i think the point is that only europe is being criticized , while no one has said anything about saudi/kuwaiti/qatari refusal of refugees . 
  even if it is true , i do n't get why it 's important . 
  many european countries are separate countries in part due to religion . 
  the sunni syrians might feel more loyalty to those of their own religion , but it just means that the sunni region of syria should be the nation state . 
  then they would simultaneously feel passion for their own religion and their state . 
  having proper nation states in the arabic would would imo be the first step to westernisation . 
  only then can democratic institutions thrive . 
  yeah well the rest of the country is friendlier , but to be honest going to an ` international ' university where most people were foreigners , i found it quite difficult sometimes to fit in . 
  it was only when i met british people who shared my general sense of despair and sarcasm that i felt like i did fit in . 
  adapt to our miserableness or leave !, 
  the other thing is , [ it might actually be genetic ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/the-british-are-born-to-be-miserable-new-research-finds-9827442.html ) . 
  so stop being so racist !, 
  i think you misinterpreted british culture . 
  we love being miserable . 
  you 're not so bad yourself . 
  if you look at the graphs it shows britain as being above 2.1 for the 1979 cohort . 
  i 've just provided a link showing british fertility for the 1979 cohort as above 2.1 . 
  that 's not even factual . 
  white british people have a tfr around 1.6-1 .8 , and perhaps higher when you factor in the fact that tfr is very closely tied to the birth rate of specific age groups . 
  the cohort fertility in britain for white british is much closer to 2.1 . 
  in germany , the completed fertility is something like 1.6 . http://www.demogr.mpg.de/mediacms/2567_main_mpidr_lifetime_fertility_on_the_rise_datasheet.pdf, 
  i would n't have minded a zero hour contract at uni when i could n't really agree to work full of part time . 
  yes ? 
  i honestly think it 'll always be difficult for huge economic growth without a bit of fascism like in china , in the early stages of a country 's developemnt . 
  the fact that india is a democracy is a limiting factor in these early stages of its economic growth . 
  everyone wants different things . 
  but do n't you see that it is what the muslims did ? 
  they attacked a bunch of non-muslims for the foreign policy set by a few non-muslims . 
  why is it that we hold westerners to a higher moral standard than muslims ? 
  i have n't found any definitive stats on that into 2013/14 . 
  most of the stats for ` native french/british ' birth rates i find are late 90s/early 00s . 
  do you have sources because i 'd be very interested . 
  no it 's cause no one gives birth anymore . 
  crazy that no one is talking about that massive reduction in workforce size in poland over the next 50 years . 
  i am aware . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's been naturally increasing for the last 2 years . 
  its tfr is increasing every year , and it 's now at about 1.8 . 
  it 'll probably continue on this trajectory too . 
  there has n't been so many births in russia since 1989 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_russia, 
  from an economic perspective russia has n't got a lot going for it . 
  from a loyalty perspective , it does . 
  while the rest of europe argues about what the essence of being ` french ' or ` british ' is , the russians already know what being russian is . 
  while other countries have trouble with immigration and integration , russia only has the problems it had before . 
  they also have rapidly improving demographics . 
  so in many ways , at the moment , russia seems rather weak , but it has a population that has become more patriotic , and one that is likely to grow in the future . 
  for those reasons i would n't write russia off . 
  if russia has a robustly growing population in a few years and more control over the former ussr it 'll definitely be a world power , and we might not be that far from that situation . 
  the reporter said it was like that , in the article . 
  everyone was in awe because she said ` exponential curve ' ? 
  the bar is very low apparently . 
  government is complicated . 
  yes sometimes they fuck up , and it 's easy to sit here and moan about it , but things are not always as straight forward as they seem . 
   ` branded his centre-right rival , val\u00e9rie p\u00e9cresse , the candidate of `` the white race '' from `` versailles '' . ', 
  am i missing something here ? 
  this is effectively saying white people are evil ? 
  from a white socialist candidate ? 
  or am i wrong ? 
  i dunno , i do n't care if they spread an ideology . 
  if it resonates with people , and they adopt it , then it is not the church 's fault . 
  i do n't think it should be publicly funded to an extent , but i wonder if public funding might help to put the church back in its place as a way people can meet others in their community . 
  that is a benefit independent of spirituality . 
  space for people to meet members of their community . 
  i live in london and have no idea who lives in the flat below or above me . 
  there has been a destruction of the social fabric of communities over the past 60 years and part of that has been because of the disappearance of a focal point in the community , i.e. 
  the church . 
  okay that 's one opinion yes .
