  until then we are both arguing about hypotheticals which is fucking stupid . 
  and i 'm aware of my countries history , no need to act like you know it all and i do n't . 
  its a joke . 
  what the hell are you talking about . 
  i 'm from northern ireland - honestly doubt anything will happen or change , unless gerry is implying he 's going to start up and rejoin the ira again . 
  there will be some kind of free movement across the border agreement . 
  the only threat to peace from brexit is from the nationalist side - and i sincerely doubt there is any stamina from them ( or appetite from the public ) to initiate the troubles again . 
  sorry you 're taking a beating . 
  i feel like you 're being reasonable - arguing with this guy is like trying to break up with a crazy girlfriend . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  the rules are only true as long as they benefit your argument . 
  op made the case for why crimea is ukrainian , but it does n't apply to your situation because op does n't agree that kosovo should be serbian . 
  obviously . 
  you got me, 
  the population of europe is static , and the rest of the world increases by 100s of millions every year , and yet you want europeans to stop having kids but are not complaining about the rest of the world ? 
  you can have a meaningful discussion as long as you follow the party line, 
  it 's no wonder people are disillusioned with the eu when they sit and make decisions on things that are completely hypothetical - it sounds like the discussion topic of a 16y/os philosophy class , not something that should be legislated on . 
  we 're nowhere near the point of having robots sentient enough to warrant such a huge decision which would affect manufacturing processes in europe and make things more difficult for manufacturers . 
  yes but algiers was full of french people , not algerians . 
  bit of a critical fact you left out there . 
  it 's not really true , i know a lot of people who 've applied for law because soas is known for its law course , not because it is known for its african/asian slant . 
  soas is n't a niche university . 
  they teach everything from history to law , and not from a perspective of ` african and asian studies ' . 
  they do teach some specific courses but they are a top rated university for things like law and english , and those subjects do not focus specifically on any african or asian slant . 
  if they were saying that they were removing these philosophers from a course that is supposed to be ` asian philosophy only ' then fine , but that is not the case . 
  soas is n't some kind of niche university - for example they teach law and other subjects . 
  they teach a wide variety of subjects and not all are about ` african and asian studies ' . 
  if the request was to remove the philosophers from courses which were supposed to be about ` asian philosophy ' i 'd get it , but it seems like this is about removing them from university life full stop . 
  laws can be changed . 
  maybe a country should be able to dictate what laws it abides by, 
  what a total farce of an argument . 
  britain alone is capable of maintaining its own laws without a treaty . 
  you make it sound like the uk is one treaty away from becoming an authoritarian state . 
  perhaps this is the problem with the whole eu idea . 
  you people think you need to control britain or it 'll get out of hand and be unable to police itself . 
  even if that was the case , and britain became an authoritarian state , do you really think that brussels pointing a finger and saying ` bad britain , bad ! ', 
  would be able to stop it ? 
  you people are absurd , and i say that as someone who voted to remain . 
  the self aggrandising that liberals continue to give to do is so built in at this point that you did n't even realise you were doing it . 
  what you 're describing is essentially how colonial powers ( and their presidential descendants ) governed the middle east up until the arab spring . 
  the world has changed a lot since the last election . 
  it 's ridiculous that by saying that all should be treated equally in this way , the guy posting this thinks that a country should n't stand for any political views , i.e. 
  that all political views are identical and the state should favour none in particular . 
  the state by its very nature favours certain political views . 
  now that is liberalism to the absolute extreme . 
  they are n't irrelevant . 
  i did though hahaha . 
  i said show me a similar case to the us person tagged but for a german 12y/o . 
  i do n't know where you got that from . 
  my only point is that there are different cultural factors regarding upbringing and religion to consider that you think are irrelevant . 
  i asked for a similar case in germany of a 12y/o trying to kill a lot of people . 
  i can see that the most extreme cases in western ` radicalism ' pale in comparison to those of ` islamic terrorism ' . 
  while western ` terrorists ' bully some kids , ` islamic ' terrorists attempt to blow up entire markets . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  are you being purposefully obtuse ? 
  i 'm sure if i was to bring an extremist and a non-extremist in front of you , you 'd be able to figure it out . 
  i also think if i brought someone in front of you who supported extremism , you 'd be able to figure it out . 
  there are obviously differnet groups - the real extremists at the far end of the spectrum and the ` normal ' people at the other end . 
  then you have those in the middle who either passively support either side - those who are sympathetic with terrorists ( in some polls 40-50 % of muslims in the west ) , or those sympathetic to western causes . 
  there is a real problem here , and you are going to stop the whole debate because you ca n't manage to figure out what 's extremist and not ? 
  what a load of shit . 
  but i ca n't see ( quickly skimming through this article ) a 12 y/o kid trying to kill 100s of people ? 
  it 's a case of bullying and you think it 's comparable ? 
  you think i 'm far right ? 
  because i considered more factors than you in this conversation , rather than thinking things can be boiled down to one individual cause ? 
  what ? 
  what ? 
  we all know we mean islamic radicalism . 
  we 're not doing a broad brush , the only extreme problems we 're having in recent times is with this group , we do n't have to pretend otherwise . 
  we know there are figures that influence and are extreme , in fact many are known already by the secret services . 
  we knew of many of the people who went to syria . 
  we know that when someone thinks sharia law should be implemented in europe that they are extreme . 
  it 's easy to gauge . 
  you 're trying to obfuscate what is genuinely common sense , and it 's just putting a full stop to any argument because it is something variable , and then the argument switches to a technical pedantic discussion about what is radicalism ( like some 16y/o philosophy class ) - but it is not something undefinable . 
  we know the traits and they may vary but even moderately they are dangerous . 
  what ? 
  it 's different because of upbringing , culture , gun availability , so many different factors - and i mean in modern times , in modern german culture . 
  the us is a totally different place . 
  find an example of a 12 year old radicalised german kid from a christian background and then we can compare . 
  what a bullshit argument , we all know what extremism and radicalism is . 
  imagine if someone had said ` yeah but how do we define nazism ' in wwii . 
  all you 're doing is slowing things down and preventing anything from ever being done about this . 
  it 's already the case in every muslim dominated country - if the demographics of europe changed to have a significant muslim component ( i.e. 
  30-40 % ) and they were properly represented with their views then we would constantly be having a to and throe about what islamic components to implement into laws . 
  that would shift the focus of debate from one of right to left to one of compromise between islamic components and secular components . 
  that is of course if they were properly represented in a ` proper democracy ', 
  it wo n't be right or left anymore , our political spectrum will be secular to islamist , as it is in every middle eastern country . 
  yeah that 's the argument i always hear , total replacement of a native population is justified because ` well i get me kebabs nice and hot when i 'm drunk so it suits me fine ' . 
  you got me there . 
  lets ignore the sexism , racism and honour killings in the muslims community because dear god your argument has just got me flummoxed . 
  yeah tell that to lebanese maronites , georgian muslims , russian ukraine , israel , egyptian copts , andalusian muslims , syrian assyrians , turkish kurds , iranian azerbaijanis , muslims in india , or hindus in pakistan . 
  your western arrogance befits you . 
  it could never happen to sweden because sweden is better , right ? 
  they already bomb you , just wait until they are more numerous and your mps are making statements supporting islamic elements in your laws . 
  it 's funny that you deny it - i come from northern ireland where a once peaceful country with two parallel societies sparked into utter chaos and violence by a few powerful men who set each side against each other . 
  the same will happen in sweden if you keep building up an entirely parallel culture . 
  in the same way trump went in and said to ford if you move your car factory to mexico we will put a 30 % tariff on all the cars that come to america , we can do the same thing regarding saudi arabia . 
  what do you mean how ? 
  we are sovereign countries and our futures are at stake . 
  of course there are ways to do that and we have so many chips to negotiate with .
