  you can argue that fucking goats should be accepted in a totally liberal and tolerant society , but you can also argue that if a society has led a man to be so fucking insane that he thinks fucking goats is a normal thing , then the society has truly failed morally and culturally . 
  the point of civilisation is to separate ourselves from animals , not become more like them . 
  polygamy is becoming more like animals . 
  fuck what you want . 
  there are no rules anymore . 
  i can photoshop the labels off if you really want, 
  that 's a great comic at the top, 
  i do n't know , but it 's not anti turkish anyway . 
  but istanbul comes from greek too . 
  so why does it matter if he 's said constantinople or istanbul . 
  they are both the name from christian groups . 
  given how addictive that game is i 'm not surprised you 're planning on playing for 400 years . 
  can not be true . 
  argentina has high female education and modernity and a great economy but it has a fertility of more than 2.3 . 
  the middle east in recent years ( egypt especially ) has gone from a tfr of 2 to 3 . 
  the issue is not inevitable . 
  it 's our shitty culture . 
  i constantly hear people saying they wont have children because its a terrible time to be alive , or because they hate kids . 
  people do n't want the responsibility or trouble . 
  south korea has dropped from 1 million births not that long ago to 400,000 per year . 
  even the us has dropped from a peak of 4.3 million to 3.9 million . 
  poland is just as bad as south korea . 
  there are countries literally disappearing . 
  i 'm just pointing out that your ` argument ' is not an argument . 
  ok so we half hungary 's population in 100 years leading to total economic collapse and people living shitty lives , meanwhile india 's population increases by 18 million a year . 
  you 've clearly thought this through . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you know very little about the situation in hungary the average couple has 1.4 babies . 
  it 's equivalent to the population reducing by 25 % every generation . 
  you think reducing the population of hungary from 9 million to 4 million in 2 generations will have no economic impact ? 
  flags even got some green in it, 
  just because its international law does n't make it correct . 
  the difficulty is that it was at one point edgy to be an atheist , but now literally everyone is an atheist in the west , but people on / r/atheism still like to behave as though they 're breaking down invisible barriers and are on the edge of society . 
  my granny primarily goes to church for socialising, 
  dropping from 6.9 to 5.9 ? 
  in the same time period iran has dropped from like 5 to 1.5 . 
  yes it 's dropped but you 'd have to be an idiot to think it is of the same scale as the rest of the world . 
  why does his race come in to it ? 
  like jesus , 90 % of europeans are white , you 're insulting like 90 % of a continent . 
  and for fucks sake , turkish people are white too . 
  as if being white and old somehow makes his opinion null and void . 
  and he 's saying people are already mad about immigration . 
  having more turks on the street visibly is going to make people even more mad , even if they are only on vacation . 
  try screwing your fucking head on before you speak next time, 
  they allowed it because we would 've had a lost decade like japan if we had n't have had it . 
  yet they are some of the only countries where co2 emissions have progressively decreased . 
  meanwhile in the developing world co2 emissions continue to increase . 
  it is there you should be focusing your efforts because they account for 6 billion people . 
  britainize - to make inexorably better . 
  i extremely doubt that it cost # 500,000 from my parents to raise me . 
  are you kidding ? 
  you think western europe having less kids is really going to prevent global warming ? 
  we 're on the precipice of demographic decline . 
  that 's why there has been so much immigration . 
  i find it rich that people seem to think only developed countries should be having less children , but they do n't bat an eyelid at the fact that the average nigerian couple has been having 5 kids for the last 50 years . 
  a lebanese person told me !, 
  so not really fair on you guys i guess . 
  eurovision is a joke , i know in britain we just watch it cuz it 's usually hilarious . 
  i heard the french take it seriously though . 
  the best singer rarely ever wins because certain countries always vote for other countries , usually based off historical alliances . 
  the east giving their votes to russia and vice versa . 
  ireland voting for uk . 
  biggest threat to polish economic future is demographics . 
  they have the lowest fertility rate in europe right now ( as far as i know ) and they just wo n't have the workers to replace as people get older . 
  on top of that there is n't any immigration and i doubt poland really wants that , so they wont be replaced how they are in germany for example . 
  japan has the same problem right now but even japan has a higher fertility rate than poland . 
  oh , you 're the one who did it then ? 
  well it is an insurgency which could be classified as a type of war but then we 're just getting down to a useless discussion based on nomenclature . 
  is n't it more to do with the fact that all the countries in europe have all been up until now powerful enough to crush any dissent ? 
  i mean , northern ireland was at war with itself despite being in the eu , and the eta caused violence , but the governments in both countries were able to control it to some extent . 
  it is true though that the predecessors to the eu stopped the ability to go to war between france and germany , but both countries were so devastated following wwii that it 's hard to understand how they would even be able to go to war with each other . 
  ukraine, 
  it 'll either cause a lot of companies to lose a lot of money in the west , or cause companies in the east to rise prices to parity with the west , so that people in the east ca n't afford them . 
  it 's not outlier polls , it 's clear that there are different methodologies being used as the same polling organisations have relatively similar results week to week . 
  all the high ` outliers ' as you call them are from yougov and sentio - i 'm inclined to believe that sd are in fact in the lead as i doubt the other polls are taking into consideration the amount of people who are embarrassed to say they support sd . 
  i think he 's saying he did n't say it , and that he 's quoting a speech of someone else , seeing as the tweet is in speech marks . 
  well an expat is somoene with a professional job somewhere outside their home country . 
  an immigrant includes that group but it immigrants include more people than just expats . 
  i 'd vote for anyone who 's main policy was ` end the french ' . 
  it 's not a strawman , i was just asking a question . 
  it was freedom for the first syrian and egyptian women who decided to wear it after wwii too . 
  now it is mandatory , as shown by the coptic and non religious muslims in the streets being raped or beaten for not wearing it . 
  the womens protests in america were led by women wearing hijab who think that , and i saw many posters from americans proclaiming how the hijab was a part of their movement . 
  and it 's no secret that many americans on the left see the hijab as feminist or alright . 
  there is definitely no protest of it . 
  we also know that the left ae the ones saying immigration is great resulting in millions of very religious people coming into the west - so they are quite religiously minded people . 
  is n't it the left who are doing doublethink ? 
  they think hijab is liberty for example . 
  i have n't seen it as much on the right . 
  i 'm not arguing for anything it 's just weird that breaking ties with the uk and us is ok to form only ties with the eu according to the original poster . 
  yes because every trade relationship requires a democratically elected representative to be available in the other country . 
  do n't be daft . 
  but ireland would be exchanging diversity for a monopolar relationship with the eu according to the comment above . 
  links with the rest of the eu should be prioritised - i.e. 
  moving from a relationship with 3 places ( uk , us , eu ) to one with largely only one ( eu ) . 
  interesting that you 'd drop dependence on the us and uk for total dependence on the eu . 
  same story , different people . 
  there is going to be no split at the border . 
  there will still be free movement - if you are suggesting there wont be it goes against all official government positions - irish and british . 
  if there is a change to their policy or once we have more details i will be able to comment .
