  but how can you write that off ? 
  ukip and fn started as fringe parties with 2 % of the vote , now they 're commanding majorities in a lot of areas . 
  no one expected that to happen . 
  do n't be so naive as to think we 're safe from extremist politics because `` it 's belgium , and we 've been safe for 70 years here . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure if belgium was supporting this party  50 % ` being in the eu ' wouldnt be an issue because they 're not gon na be like ` oh ok , well we run the country now but we have to stay in the eu because international law dictates that ' . 
  http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/majority majority . 
  : a number that is greater than half of a total : a number of votes that is more than half of the total number : the group or party that is the greater part of a large group the final definition can be interpreted as agreeing with the prior two . 
  i do n't think you understand what majority means . 
  well they 're the biggest minority , british white make up 44.8 % of londoners . 
  if you include other whites its quite a bit higher , at around 60 % . 
  exactly , he 's taking advantage of others good will . 
  unfortunately many in europe today can only be described as naive . 
  it 's not what i said at all . 
  the current period of moderatism from world war 2 is the exception . 
  returning to more extreme ideologies would not surprise me . 
  it 's not really comparable to her father , marine has far more support than her father ever did . 
  the polls probably underestimate support , and the last poll for her against hollande was in like may . 
  i think it 's a bit hyperbolic to say people have been forced to set themselves on fire . 
  never has anyone really been forced into a situation to which the answer is clearly `` i must set myself on fire '' . 
  they decided ` today i 'm going to set myself on fire ' , not because they are forced to it . 
  eh , according to the polls you might not be that far from right ( haha far right ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017, 
  none of these people look like any bulgarians i 've ever met , is this some weird town where everyone looks non-bulgarian ? 
  the natural unemployment in a well functioning society should be in flux . 
  you need a pool of unemployed in a capitalist society . 
  it may be 4 % unemployed but they wont be the same 4 % every month . 
  there will be a very small number who will always be unemployed though . 
  it 's what the uk is basically doing . 
  it 's not just isis . 
  regular christians have been forced out of the middle east . 
  the lebanese diaspora is 84 % christian despite lebanon being only 40 % christian today . 
  in algeria christians have to worship in private house churches and conversions to christianity are punishable by a jail sentence or in the worst case scenario death . 
  we consider egypt and saudi our allies , but discrimination against christians happens on a state level there . 
  you ca n't even live in mecca or visit it unless you 're a muslim . 
  this is the norm . 
  jordan has gone from 20 % christian to 5 % christian in less than 100 years . 
  where is the outrage ? 
  is it not trendy enough ? 
  yet liberal people are so focused on the israeli-palestine debate , but not christians dying in the middle east . 
  yeah , clearly i forgot that the left are not interested in foreign affairs . 
  yet why do n't you complain of christianophobia in the middle east where copts are killed in egypt , or isis has wiped out a christian tradition in mosul that has extended for 2000 years ? 
  i never hear any liberals bemoaning the murder of christians in the middle east , but a strange look at a girl in hijab from someone is quickly considered islamophobic and hateful . 
  that is literally doublethink . 
  it 's a bad thing when one group has 5 kids each and another has 1 kid each , then you have a complete change in demographics . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the world has gone from 30-40 % european to like 9 % european in 100 years because of low birth rates, 
  idk why everyone is saying bosnia when bosnia is demographically majority-christian . 
  albania and kosovo are both majority muslim states within europe that you all can use . 
  why do you think aggression is not genetic ? 
  do n't you think that 's a bit daft ? 
  no he does n't capital punishment in english means universally the death penalty . 
  it 's not something i support myself but that 's what he 's saying . 
  how can you interpret that as simply being removed from the group ? 
  over a long enough period of time it 's still an evolutionary pressure . 
  what i 've said has been backed up by harvard primatologist richard wrangham here on page 3 : http://discovermagazine.com/2010/sep/25-modern-humans-smart-why-brain-shrinking furthermore , i have a degree in biochemistry , so it 's not like i do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
  yes that 's true actually . 
  well supposedly the reason why we 're such a peaceful species now is because we had the death penalty for a very long time . 
  the violent people in tribes were just killed , and it led to the effective domestication of humanity . 
  pragmatically , the death penalty is a good idea , and over the long term ( 1000s of years ) it would lead to humans being far more peaceful , however the issues really are the proper application of the justice system , which can so easily get it wrong . 
  but you ca n't have a rule that 's like ` no death penalty except like , when we 're really , really annoyed guys , i mean like really . ', 
  it 's got into the liberal zeitgeist that this is the thing to oppose now . 
  honestly , i do n't know every detail about it , but everyone on the left is going to oppose this now simply because it 's the thing to do . 
  oh jeeze let me do like 5 mins of googling : http://www.sporcle.com/games/necatrix/most-popular-baby-names-in-belgium-boys-2008 13 / 26 top names are arab , and i think 24 of the top 50 . 
  plus this is not counting the muslims using more christian names . 
  arab names are not more limited . 
  i said 6 of the top 10 . 
  in the top 10 are anas , ayoub , hamza , amine , mohamed and rayan . 
  in the top 5 names , 3 are arab . 
  not surprising considering 6 of the top 10 baby boy names in brussels are arab in 2008 . http://www.babynamestats.com/top-names-belgium-2008.html, 
  only in the americas . 
  spanish has no reach outside america . 
  same for mandarin . 
  english will remain the most spoken language because the english world pumps out so much culture . 
  it is surprising considering that the tories have had what is arguably a very austere and unpopular government for 5 years . 
  i 'm saying there were clear negatives , but there were some positives as well , it was n't all black and white . 
  i 'm not saying i support the ussr , just that there were obvious benefits , although many great negatives . 
  was n't the rise mostly due to the fall of the ussr and the fact they were filling up the coffers of middle eastern governments with an agenda of secularism/communism ? 
  but the tories are polling 8 points ahead of labour right now . 
  i do n't know , i think if the economic recovery keeps going it 's going to be difficult to convince people to vote for labour . 
  i think there were some benefits to living in a world with the ussr , i certainly do n't think we would 've seen such a rapid rise in islamic extremism , at any rate . 
  import from suppliers , not directly from saudi . 
  it 's not like we 're going to cut that off , with or without saudi diplomacy . 
  the deal above is a power move independent of oil . 
  people always say `` it 's the oil '' but it 's really not . 
  even when we do n't use oil anymore we 'll still be making deals with saudi because they 're the only other player that can hold control in the middle east except for iran . 
  but how is that relevant , we 're talking about the uk , and whether products use saudi oil it does n't affect government policy . 
  it 's got nothing to do with oil . 
  we do n't import any oil from saudi . 
  in fact , the majority is from norway : http://www.crudeoilpeak.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/uk_crude_oil_imports_2000_20094.jpg, 
  i 'm certainly not a racist but what part of his comment do you disagree with ? 
  i 've read every line and nothing stands out as particularly racist in my opinion , he 's just stating facts that europe is indeed the homeland of europeans , and then stating ( which i would regard as mainstream opinion ) that because it is our homeland we have more right to it than other peoples . 
  i 'm sure many would at least be pretty disheartened if europe was not majority-european anymore , not for racial reasons but for cultural reasons . 
  i think calling him a racist really cheapens the word . 
  racism exists in our world , but when you make comments like this it makes me almost want to disregard racism entirely since everything is supposedly racist . 
  ok we get it norway you 're amazing . 
  how is that a reason ? 
  that 's like saying ` why should abortion be illegal ? 
  because the bible says so ' . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-37700074 ` in the year ending september 2015 , 590 asylum applicants had their age disputed of those 574 were recorded as having an age assessment and 371 were found to be adults ', 
  yeah cuz every time someone calls me stupid i always change my opinion . 
  i doubt this is going to have a significant impact on a trade deal .
