  it 's not an exchange of cultures as you can see , it 's indians wanting to come here due to the possibility of uk citizenship . 
  if it increases by 50 % while the uk population remains stagnant overall is that when the indian minister would be happy ? 
  because i 'm not sure how he 'd feel if in the trade deal we wrote ' 5 % of indians must be british , with a modest increase every year ' . 
  yeah i 'm sure some lad in a baseball cap from tipperary can easily become the next taoiseach as well , right ? 
  seeing as class does n't exist and irish people would never dream of judging people for their appearance , mannerisms or wealth . 
  totally forgot about that . 
  of course it 's about numbers . 
  if we had 1 million migrants a year in 60 years british poeple would be less than 40 % of the people in the uk . 
  other cultures would dominate . 
  our political process would democratically elected mps who believe women should cover their heads , or that men are better than women , or that stoning someone is ok . we already have them in the uk . 
  we already have problems with integration . 
  we already have separate courts for muslim 's affairs . 
  the point is 300,000 people per year ( net ) from different places is going to have a serious impact on britain . 
  in northern ireland ( where i 'm from ) , we are the product of large scale immigration . 
  it is the same in israel , lebanon , armenia/azerbaijan , kazakhstan , etc. 
  if you think people are going to be peaceful , you 're wrong . 
  people will want power . 
  you know britain is the only place in the world where british people are a majority ? 
  through uncontrolled immigration you are condemning a nation and culture to disappear . 
  the uk already has incredibly low birth rates , the number of ` white british ' has been stationary or declining for years now . 
  immigrants are n't adding to an already growing country , they are replacing a country that 's slowly shrinking . 
  an upward trend according to who ? 
  what is upward for you is downward for someone else . 
  i agree with you . 
  it would be worse from my point of view in my context , but i think islamic people would have loved if it had spread in the 8th century , so for them it would 've been progress . 
  the myth that things have been moving in a constant positive direction since 0ad is so ingrained in the culture of the west but is so incorrect . 
  your thought that the 8th century is better than the 7th century is just based on nothing . 
  yet it is ingrained in our thought process . 
  the 8th century must be better than the 7th , right ? 
  i think it 's a reference to this - https://www.quora.com/is-the-famous-headline-fog-in-channel-continent-cut-off-an-urban-myth, 
  yeah clearly you 're right . 
  he clearly meant he wanted to plant a british flag or he wanted to just buy a house and plant his own spanish flag in gibraltar . 
  yes sir . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  no prob , i 'll let the kurds know that it 's a-ok to leave turkey . 
  thanks for the update . 
  does n't really matter what we do in europe , since all population growth is happening outside europe . 
  if europe had 2 kids per women and no immigration the population would still decrease long term since we already got this far on the path . 
  in the mean time , africa 's population will increase by something like 2 billion . 
  so your plan to limit european population is totally missing the point . 
  it 's like turning on the tap when your house is on fire . 
  while our population decreases and our strength decreases the rest of the world will take advantage of it , because they are growing , and we will all suffer . 
  the fertility rates in russia are now far , far higher than in germany . 
  so you 're wrong on that point . 
  and life expectancy in russia is also rising . 
  i mean i have n't read the article but what does man need to be happy ? 
  food ? 
  a family ? 
  shelter ? 
  maybe it is we in the west who are never appeased and the russians are actually quite content with not having as much . 
  it is not such a crazy idea . 
  i know for example russian fertility reaches new heights every year , i am not sure however about their happiness . 
  sure okay, 
  uh huh . 
  hahaha, 
  so you 're saying the problem of islamic terrorism is equivalent to christian fundamentalism ? 
  in fact inequality is much more complex . 
  this report outlines inequality in the uk http://researchbriefings.files.parliament.uk/documents/cbp-7484/cbp-7484.pdf gini index has actually decreased slightly or maintained itself since about the year 1989 . 
  oh this is just based on ` renewables ' ? 
  so it 's not co2 production . 
  surely that is the key ? 
  ethanol is renewable , sure , but it produces co2 . 
  and then in 500 years england will become an independent republic where everyone hates ireland , and thus the cycle will be complete . 
  are you sure ? 
  in the uk , for example , muslims regularly pass personal issues through real sharia courts . 
  and these issues relating to women have been happening for years in france . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ni_putes_ni_soumises we ca n't just keep ignoring it . 
  for you to ignore it is insulting to all the women who have to face these issues . 
  it 's unbelievable that somehow taking off a burkini makes international news , but the rape and burning alive of women as written in this book does not . 
  where the fuck is everyone 's priorities ? 
  well if they truly believed in equality that would surely happen . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  hello time traveler , how are you today ? 
  let me introduce you to the wonders of the modern world , i have always dreamt that i would meet someone who i could explain what a mobile phone was to them . 
  and yet even with all these extreme measures the birth rate in france is still only 2 , and recently it is 1.9 . 
  could it be that the issue is something else ? 
  you honestly think that ? 
  each year germany 's population drops 250,000 . 
  we 'll see how long they are ` the dominant power ' when there are no germans left . 
  since germany 's population is rapidly decreasing and the uk 's rapidly increasing , it wo n't be long before the uk is in fact the dominant european power . 
  population growth is , if anything , more of a problem for developed nations . 
  countries like germany have lower fertility than romania , and without immigration would almost certainly disappear . 
  surely it tells you something about the failures of our society that we can not even maintain ourself without the help of outsiders ? 
  in that , the values and traditions of our society today promote extinction of itself . 
  the difference these days is that people value their own happiness above all else and have no value system that promotes the idea of making a sacrifice for a child . 
  in the uk even during boom periods fertility since the 80s has been below 2 , so i do n't think it has much to do with it being ` unaffordable ' . 
  it 's more to do with our culture which values money above everything else . 
  you can have a child and it can bring shame . 
  you had it too young . 
  you ca n't support it . 
  there are so many children in the world already . 
  you are n't married . 
  on the other side , having too much money and spending all your time achieving that goal is not a bad thing in most peoples eyes . 
  so society has shifted to being more self centred and worried about the individual , rather than the country . 
  we can sympathise with the french because they are like us in that they do n't feel real emotions and complain a lot . 
  well the original echr was mostly written by the british , and this will have to pass parliament where many mps are keen advocates of human rights . 
  i do n't know why it 's the general feeling of the public that the government is out to get them when in most cases they have the best intentions . 
  but the nhs going to the highest bidder is a good thing since that is getting the most money for it ? 
  are you saying its a bad deal to get the most money for something, 
  you are right it 's based on how many women of child rearing age are there , so if they emigrate it shouldnt affect it .
