  maybe the argument they are trying to make then is that there simply are n't enough attractive polish men and women to bolster the birth rate as they 've all emigrated ? 
  so you 're arguing about a technicality rather than the fact that hitler was selected by democratic process ? 
  so exactly what i said . 
  theresa may was not voted into prime minister by votes , yet here we are , in british democracy . 
  no i like crisps, 
  the party is voted for by the people , not the leader , unless you live in a presidential democracy . 
  i like ba, 
  so what you 're saying is he was elected in a democracy in the same way that british democracy operates ? 
  all you 're doing is confirming that he was elected by democracy . 
  it 's really not - the reason women have less children here is because women work so much and study so much . 
  whether this is good or not , muslim communities have a much , much lower rate of women in the workforce . 
  what you are saying is ` western education lowers fertility ' and you are right , but the whole point and problem with integration of muslim minorities is they simply do n't buy in that the way we live is the best way to live . 
  they live their lives according to their culture , which involves having more kids . 
  regardless , people going to fight for isis have been doctors and accountants too . 
  this is not to do with education . 
  it 's important we protect our identity as countries . 
  every year the proportion of the west which is muslim increases . 
  i hope when they are 30-40 % of people that they treat the dutch and french minorities with as much compassion as you do to them , because they certainly do n't treat copts or assyrians with much care in the middle east . 
  in fact , rather than forcing them on what to wear , they kill them . 
  so then the rise of hitler is something you fully support then ? 
  because he was voted in by a democracy . 
  well can you tell me how it 's far fetched ? 
  all the statistics are against you . 
  france is about 8-10 % muslim today by most estimates , and the average fertility rates of various ethnic groups can be found here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_france#fertility, 
  nothing , it 's inevitable , no ? 
  i mean french society will undoubtedly become more islamic unless there is a significant cultural shift . 
  christian/atheist women have about 1.7-1 .8 kids each , while islamic ones have a lot more . 
  france is also still receiving a lot of immigration . 
  it could be the case that we 'll witness a swift shift in this , and i fully expect something like this to happen , but if we do n't , we will be entering a world where france has a significant islamic component to itself , and that will bring with it significant cultural changes . 
  considering the movement amongst young muslims to more extreme expressions of their faith ( i.e. 
  the burkha , burkini and headscarf ) , things are unlikely to fade away with young people . 
  french society is still a judeo christian society with french values stuck on top . 
  that could change , and when your society is 20 % + muslim , you might start to see some fundamental changes in how society works , since islamic society is very different from western society . 
  but this is an exception . 
  we all know the values islam and the burkini represent . 
  they represent women wearing a headscarf or being coerced into it from a young age . 
  men do n't even wear anything in islam anymore . 
  the women are forced to and men wear western clothing . 
  we all know the inequalities it brings . 
  women are forced to cover their heads , they are separated out , they are made to feel different . 
  there is no equality or western justice there . 
  so this is an exception . 
  i think it is the right of government to decide and dictate what should happen on such issues to prevent in the future things becoming worse and worse . 
  this is a preventative measure . 
  i mean is n't it the place of government to direct culture ? 
  that 's what has always been the case . 
  if you let this grow and slowly manifest itself eventually you 're in a situation where most women are at the beach in a burkini . 
  government has a right to decide how a society should look . 
  it 's not the same for international people , but i can tell you if you go into an interview for a corporate role with a fully fledged cockney accent you 're going to run into some issues . 
  i think it 's a problem but i think a lot of ` racism ' is actually just good old fashioned uk snobbery . 
  for example , if i go into an interview with my normal regional accent on 100 % i believe i would not get the job . 
  so i tone it down a lot to make sure i sound a bit more professional . 
  i do n't think other countries deal with this as much as the uk does . 
  similarly , if you go into an interview with a proper ethnic london accent , you 're gon na face problems . 
  i wonder if maybe there is a difference in how they are brought up ? 
  i mean , i know i was brought up this way , but perhaps because they are only here recently they do n't really consider such things as deeply . 
  it 's not to do with money . 
  fertility rates in russia for example have rose and economic conditions there have worsened . 
  argentina for example is a developed country with a fertility rate of about 2.4 . 
  it 's more to do with women 's emancipation . 
  we have to be careful to carry with that the desire and time for children too . 
  the problem is just because europeans dont have kids . 
  if couples were having about 2-2 .5 kids each ( enough to replace themselves ) , then we wouldnt have to raise the pension age . 
  when does a nation become multi ethnic ? 
  because russia is 80 + % ethnic russian . 
  if there is one kazakh guy and everyone else is russian , is russia multi ethnic ? 
  so what you 're saying is employment is actually 72.5 % since that is only 2 % of the workforce in zero hour contracts , which is still almost an all time high . 
  let me know when it comes because the left have been saying that for about 5 decades now . 
  people might support you if ` fascism ` was killing anyone every other week in europe , but then again nigel farage was just a straight up civic nationalist so i do n't see why you 'd think him a fascist . 
  did you read what i said ? 
  the burkini , headscarf , whatever , it sends a clear message of who you are . 
  when you look in the mirror , all you see is islam . 
  you have devoted your life to it almost like a nun would . 
  it 's a message they 're sending and its divisive . 
  its belief that they are not of the same culture . 
  the burkini is not the only way for a woman to cover up on the beach . 
  it is not about covering up , it is about the message women in a burkini are sending . 
  i do n't understand your argument . 
  are you saying that tight underwater swimwear is also attached to an insane bigoted cult that tries to make those wearing that swimwear feel like they are less important than everyone else , while simultaneously believing that the western world should be destroyed ? 
  i 'm absolutely talking with no knowledge on the subject but i imagine the first guy called ` mr french ' was in fact french . 
  yes we can all see how dumb your comment was . 
  honestly i have no idea what the hell you 're talking about, 
  i was n't the original commentator hahaha, 
  huh ? 
  if there 's another election because of this reason the tories would love it , considering a recent poll gave them a 16 % lead over the labour party . 
  i do n't get it , i 've even heard farage arguing that we need more immigration from other non european countries who have skills we need , rather than any unskilled european immigration . 
  absolutely insane to call him a racist . 
  is n't that assuming that maghreb countries have the same levels of bureaucratic efficiency as developed european countries ? 
  how is it far right propaganda ? 
  farage was not a racist . 
  he was an english nationalist . 
  he was against uncontrolled immigration . 
  being against uncontrolled immigration is not racist . 
  farage is n't a racist , he 's a nationalist . 
  the word racist is totally meaningless to me now . 
  it means nothing . 
  it genuinely means ` anything that goes against the political status quo ' right now . 
  it 's a culture where things like ` being a gentleman ' or ` being polite ' are not valued to the same degree as in europe - and why would they be , the only reason we value such things in europe is because of a strange series of cultural events that never happened anywhere else . 
  it 's probably because you 've never actually done it for an extended amount of time . 
  if you did you 'd notice no one was looking at you and you 'd feel completely fine .
