  they just send over paperless syrians who support isis . 
  it 's not like when they get here we 'd have evidence . 
  this is like the third or fourth generation of turks . 
  2.1 is not the norm for germany, 
  if a group has a fertility of 2.1 and one has one of 1.4 the 2.1 group will eventually replace the 1.4 group over a large enough time frame . 
  you 're right , i 'm probably overestimating here , but i did underestimate the birth rate . 
  it tends to be higher when immigrants leave their home country . 
  even so , in the uk 10 % of under 5s are muslim . 
  i 'd imagine it 's much worse in germany or france . 
  no they do n't , syrians in syria have a fertility rate of 3-4 according to the un or 24 per 1000 for the period 2005-2010 . 
  did you even check ? 
  compared to germany 's 1.47 fertility rate in 2014 ( which was an increase from 2013 , but mostly due to foreign born mothers ) . 
  it 's not really an issue of importing too many syrians as to overwhelm the german population . 
  yes , if germany imports 2 million syrians and gives them lives in germany , it 's not a big deal . 
  that 's only 2.4 % of the population . 
  it 's a manageable numbe.r however then we bring in germany 's very very low fertility . 
  despite having a population 20 million more than the france , german 's have 200,000 fewer births per year . 
  it means their population is declining every year as they do n't give birth to enough kids . 
  effectively , despite being only 2.4 % of the population , 2 million syrians ( with the same birth rate as back home ) would account for something in the region of 7-10 % of births . 
  if you add on turks and other muslims , you end up with the next generation being significantly islamic . 
  and really what kind of impact does that have ? 
  who knows how many would be islamic in the generation after that with intermarriage and christianity falling out of fashion . 
  it 's not that islam is inherently bad , but such things would bring massive cultural changes . 
  we would have members of parliament advocating women wearing the headscarf , and that would n't be so strange . 
  it would be just as appalling to an algerian who was watching his country become christian , or an iranian watching his country become sunni . 
  you can have roles in society and live entirely happily . 
  the only reason women think they should work now is because the glory is put on work as the entire pinnacle of existence . 
  roles are not inherently bad . 
  if we stressed how important the role of a woman , women would want to be homecarers . 
  they can still be entirely happy , in fact women have become more unhappy as they have had to work more . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  there never needed to be a choice . 
  a society without the choice is still stable . 
  we lived in a society where women looked after the kids and men did the work for 2000 years . 
  it was n't inherently unstable . 
  the problem is we expect the end point of every civilisation to be european and western . 
  it is totally plausible that a country can be male dominated and very wealthy and healthy , where women are in a sense second class citizens . 
  it is not that countries all end up like europe , it is that we desire that . 
  those figures are so off base . 
  the muslim population in 2011 was 2.7 million according to the 2011 census . 
  in 1970 the muslim population was 667,958 . 
  in 1950 it was 100,000 . http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.180.3753&amp;rep=rep1&amp;type=pdf try reading your sources next time . 
  err okay i did n't say that but ok, 
  ` foreign born ' is quite a bit different from ` refugee ' . 
  i do n't think you 're reading those statistics correctly . 
  http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/print-edition/20140823_mac567.png http://jannesuuronen.puheenvuoro.uusisuomi.fi/sites/default/files/domain-14768/kuvat/kasvu1.gif, 
  it was n't that long ago that western nations said ( in the 60s ) that look how strong our countries are , we have 3 kids each on average . 
  we have enough to support more and more , while the rest of the world flounders . 
  today the rest of the world pushes lightyears ahead of us in population , while basically every european country stagnates or has a reproductive rate below what is required to keep the population constant , and yet no one says ` look how weak our countries are , we do not have children anymore , society has made us not what another generation ' . 
  yet our countries become weaker and more fragmented , we try to import people to fill in the gaps , and now we have extremists and people of totally different cultures becoming large forces already in our countries . 
  i just wonder how it ends, 
  while our populations plummet , the rest of the worlds grows exponentially . 
  every year , western countries make up less and less of the worlds population . 
  it means we lose power on the world stage , lose international reputation , and lose economic power . 
  it might be that you think a totally inert strategy is the best one for europe , however the rest of the world will take advantage when most people are over 60 , and we do n't have enough people to keep the economy going or protect us . 
  the problem with europeans is they think history is over . 
  that the world today is how it will always be . 
  it 's not true . 
  if we become older and weaker economically , we will face consequences . 
  cut a slice of him and count the rings, 
  chinese/asians still wear such clothes . 
  my grandmother bought one when she was there . 
  regardless , how is a triangle hat somehow a bad thing ? 
  agreed, 
  it 's only racist because you perceive it as racist . 
  it 'd be like if a white man in a suit was the representation of white people , would you think that 's racist ? 
  or do you think inside that asian dress/african dress is somehow inferior and these people should therefore be wearing western clothes ? 
  it 's pretty much how most middle eastern governments existed for a long time before a violent revolution led to more islamist governments . 
  given the large muslim contingent in france which i imagine continues to increase it 's not surprising if the state of emergency lasts for many years . 
  as it should be, 
  ah , the title confused me , i thought styria was backing the restoration of austria , and the newspaper was called slovenia link . 
  i think that 's an overestimation of how much access afghanis have to media . 
  i mean , most afghanis really would not have seen this on tv , unless they were very wealthy . 
  most afghanis dont even know what 9/11 was . 
  totally fair that the us wants to protect its own borders . 
  what a depressing article . 
  even more depressing in that it approaches both sides of the argument as if they are both valid opinions . 
  i 'd say also because whatever the reason , men tend to be harder and have a more ` deal with it ' attitude . 
  women tend to be far more compasionate on average . 
  not saying one is better than the other , but that may explain why . 
  can you explain or show me why i 'm wrong ? 
  the natural increase for nigeria for example ( although i think their demographic figures are inflated ) is 4 million people per year . 
  the population grows by that every year . 
  if 3 million came to europe every year , their population would increase still by 1 million a year . 
  in 25 years there would be more nigerians in europe than there would be polish , because european populations are basically stagnant or dropping . 
  that would be a huge cultural and demographic shift , but it 's the kind of thing we 're looking at when we invite millions of refugees and immigrants to come live here . 
  the effects of that are still unknown , but so far we 've seen increases in social distrust and terrorist attacks . 
  the fertility rates outside the developed world are too high for your hypothesis to work . 
  even if millions migrated the population of africa would still increase . 
  what a lot of europeans do n't realise is the vast majority of people from these regions think europeans are feminised and walk overs . 
  they think they can come and walk over us . 
  we think of ourselves differently . 
  it 's probably 30 % self loathing and 70 % idealism . 
  it 's not really exclusive at all . 
  the vast majority of immigration to america is from asia and mexico . 
  how do you think the terrorists in paris got their weapons ? 
  america was ? 
  and europe was definitely supportive of america winning . 
  of course they were , they did n't want the soviets to win . 
  what ?
