  we just have weak leaders who wo n't take action because they are scared to . 
  the uk has had an open border with ireland since irish independence https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area, 
  this has been my entire experience with french girls . 
  i meant divided it by total maghreb population in germany . 
  yes that must be it , it 's bullshit , not that they took the number who identified as maghrebi and divided it by the total population of the maghreb , thus resulting in a lower per capita rate . 
  no sir - it must be bullshit now that i do n't understand . 
  the uk is the 9th biggest market for electric cars , with 1.39 % of new car purchases being electric - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electric_car_use_by_country, 
  that 's what i said . 
  the uk is adopting renewables for electricity production . 
  most emissions must come from cars and planes - which is confusing as the uk has one of the highest electrical car adoption rates in europe . 
  you would expect , all other things equal , that the uk would be similar to other european countries , especially with the phase out of coal . 
  the uk is actually rapidly adopting renewables for electricity . 
  i suppose the bulk of emissions must come from cars and planes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/renewable_energy_in_the_united_kingdom in fact , some surprising records have been hit recently ( 50 % of energy coming from renewables on one particular day ) - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-40198567, 
  they speak so loudly . 
  you can hear them from a mile away . 
  the amount of americans here is insane . 
  i do think americans are way fatter though - for example i do n't think i 've ever seen as many ` really obese ' people until i went to america . 
  we have far , far less of those here . 
  germans have a critical problem of not having enough kids . 
  they have one of the lowest fertility rates in the entire world . 
  every year their population decreases by about 200,000 , which is about the size of a small city . 
  it does n't look like things are improving much either . 
  the problem is endemic across the whole western world - it 's just far worse in germany . 
  if native europeans were having enough kids , i bet we would n't be worried about immigration at all . 
  the problem people have with immigration is that as they come they are replacing us , not adding to us . 
  what a ridiculous statement . 
  you seem to think it 's impossible to control one 's own borders . 
  it is not at all . 
  it is in fact very easy . 
  so enlightened !, 
  please teach us . 
  it 's easy for you to sit there and say ` wow it 's so sad the terrorist died cuz its a human life ' but i 'd like to see your reaction if your mum , dad , brother or sister were killed in cold blood for ideological reasons . 
  who knows really, 
  it 's not in the name of jesus hahaha . 
  shows a misunderstanding of the issue if you think that . 
  his chancellor boasts about being a marxist in certain forums . 
  jeremy corbyn is not far off . 
  no party has an inbuilt advantage . 
  if you look at the 1997 or the few that came after that election you could say labour had an inbuilt election . 
  decimetres are used frequently in science . 
  just a complicated long excuse to make people stop arguing and think that logically it makes sense that muslims are the only ones committing crimes . 
  yes , anyone can borrow student loans . 
  there is no requirement , in fact if your parents have no money , you get more money from the government . 
  my dad was in one of the poorest income brackets possible and a one parent family . 
  i was still able to go to a great university in the centre of london . 
  there is no requirement to borrow money for university , and you only pay it back once you have a full time job earning over a certain amount , and even then the amount you pay back is a small percentage of your total wage . 
  for me it 's about 3.5 % of my monthly pay . 
  essentially an extra graduate tax . 
  if you lose your job , you stop paying the loan back . 
  so what ? 
  the uk system is fairer . 
  those who use higher education have an extra ` graduate tax ' i.e. 
  the student loan , which is capped so you do n't pay anymore after a certain amount is paid . 
  those who do n't go to university do n't pay anything . 
  it 's better that those who use the service pay and those who do n't , do not pay . 
  haha , he will never be able to fund it from just the top 5 % . 
  it 'll be you and me . 
  god , it 's a lot of money haha . 
  i 'd rather we have a sustainable society where i pay a bit of extra tax essentially for higher education , than one based on insanity . 
  you think the vast majority of people are worried about social care at the minute ? 
  only a tiny minority of the population are affected by such things . 
  for most people , it 'll mean more tax when they are already hardly getting by , and the potential of losing their jobs . 
  if you mean healthcare , there are already ways to increase funding - i.e. 
  renting disused nhs buildings . 
  selling assets , investing , improving efficiency of processes . 
  i said it was applied after profit ? 
  it 's cutting profits by 12 % . 
  haha you must be daft to think that this is somehow going to improve the economy hahaha, 
  we 're leaving the eu . 
  we 're no longer a centre for europe . 
  companies came here because of that . 
  now they 'll want to leave but they 've set up base in the uk so wo n't want to make such a drastic decision unless it 's really necessary . 
  then you cut their profits by 12 % . 
  ireland has a corporate tax rate much lower than us . 
  once momentum raises and companies are leaving , and we raise corporation tax , more and more will leave . 
  it 's going to affect our global standing and our economics in a really bad way . 
  you do n't know how corporations work then . 
  i work in a big corporation . 
  if profits are dropping they 'll start looking at ` efficiency measures ' i.e. 
  cutting staff . 
  add onto that the fact that corporations are already moving jobs abroad because of brexit . 
  when they see their tax bill essentially double , they 're going to think ` hmm , we could save a lot more if we moved a lot more jobs to the eu ' . 
  they 're not going to think ` oh we contribute so little to society . 
  how can we give more money away so we feel better ? ', 
  the way he 's costed it makes no sense . 
  tax has increased as we 've lowered corporation tax . 
  increasing corporation tax is going to decrease the tax base and cause more unemployment as companies try to compensate for losing 12 % of their profits . 
  if less people are employed , vat and tax will decrease further . 
  he 's costed it assuming companies will not try to minimise their tax contributions and that unemployment will not increase . 
  disappointed hahaha , like what , are you their mother or something ? 
  you expect everyone on the continent to be left wing ? 
  in a way i hope corbyn wins so that when he introduces # 100 billion of extra spending over the next parliament all of you will see how the uk will suffer haha, 
  his chancellor is a marxist . 
  he is extremely left wing . 
  he 's just said recently he 'll pay off all student debt including existing student debt , which is about # 82 billion . 
  the worst leader ? 
  do you know anything about british history ? 
  the uk was a total shithole before thatcher changed the system . 
  we had to be bailed out by the imf after years of mismanagement .
