  i think the lead is probably a lot more . 
  i think as the campaign has gone on anyone voting tory has been portrayed as a baby killer who hates equality . 
  i bet a lot of people have simply started saying they 'll vote labour to seem like they care , but as usual , when they get to the polling booth they 'll make up their own mind . 
  if you say you 're voting tory on / r/unitedkingdom , prepare to be downvoted into oblivion . 
  even in my social circle in real life , you can hardly say it out loud . 
  it 's no wonder we have ` shy tories ' when voting tory is equivalent for some people to cutting the heads of baby pandas . 
  the fact is the policies the tories have put forward ( with the exception of the # 100,000 care policy ) , are all reasonable . 
  yet the left have made it seem like you 're a criminal for thinking so . 
  i watched a few clips and it looked more like some heavy duty labour supporters raided the audience . 
  where there 's a will there 's a may . 
  i said i do n't know the answer , but this is nothing . 
  this is essentially nothing . 
  when isis leaders look at at this they probably laugh . 
  22 of our children are dead and we all stand in the street talking about free love and peace . 
  meanwhile , we create a funny movie about islam or make fun of it in a magazine and they burn our flags in the street and blow up our trains . 
  i 'm not sure of the answer , but it 's definitely not showing ` them ' anything . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it 'd be better for the tories if corbyn manages to avoid complete annihilation . 
  that way he 'll stick around and continue to be incredibly toxic for labour . 
  specifically more votes from younger people in swing seats . 
  most rural constituencies already have tory majorities of  40 % . 
  if they lose 5 % there it 's no skin off their backs . 
  if they gain 5 % of voters in metropolitan constituencies it could translate into dozens of seats . 
  the thing is - does this actually affect her seat share ? 
  i 'm sure a lot of the people not liking her policies are country tories who are a bit disgruntled by the policy of having their homes put up if they get dementia . 
  it 's a pretty poor policy imo too . 
  but a lot of people in swing seats might actually like that policy quite a lot . 
  if you read my comment i just said most people would probably agree . 
  i did n't give my opinion . 
  i 'm just pointing out that they have stated ambitious goals . 
  morals do n't change despite technological changes . 
  it was the greenest british government , that 's what he claimed and that 's what it was . 
  no one 's talking about compromising everyone 's freedom , jeez , there are plenty of ways to implement this . 
  no one 's filtering anything the policy is to prevent young children watching pornography - which is already the law . 
  i 've said this in this thread like 4 times now so i do n't know how you 're missing it . 
  yeah welcome to reddit hahaha . 
  its one example . 
  it 's not the solution . 
  i am not theresa may . 
  i am not implementing the actual solutions . 
  what i said is true . 
  what ? 
  the sentence does n't make sense . 
  oh yeah sure . 
  like prisons right ? 
  they told us originally they only wanted to lock up bad people . 
  that was only the start of it . 
  then they started locking up everyone . 
  oh wait that never happened . 
  labour made the law in 2007 . hahaha, 
  a manifesto is not a detailed plan . 
  there is nothing in that sentence to even suggest that they are going to take absolute control of the internet and block websites if they feel like it . 
  just that industry will have a responsibility to act responsibly . 
  yes because having some limitations on young kids accessing porn is ` controlling your life ', 
  which is exactly what i said . 
  they were enforcing a labour policy . 
  there are many ways , porn websites could require a credit or debit card before registration for example . 
  well what 's wrong with anything ? 
  why does anything have meaning ? 
  maybe having kids interact with their base primal instincts from a young age is not a good lesson to teach them ? 
  maybe there is an argument that parents should make the decision , but clearly people in the uk do n't think so , they think the government should at least stop people from letting kids buy ponographic magazines , and of course this stops the awkwardness and potential conflict when a shopkeeper does sell porn to a child and their parents find out . 
  so really there are a whole fucking myriad of reasons why a law might be created and it might not be as straight forward as ' i jack off 10 times a day and i 'm totally a well adapted member of society ' . 
  in fact maybe it 'd be better to encourage kids away from such a lifestyle because it is addictive and generally bad for mental health , and then maybe they 'd fill their lives with other things that make them feel good rather than jacking off . 
  maybe the issue is complex and i have n't actually made a point of view , yet somehow you think i have sided with one side of the argument . 
  maybe . 
  it says in the next paragraph that the last parliament did the same , and if that 's a mistype , they are enforcing a law introduced in 2007 . 
  oh yeah compared to the great deal of content found in labour 's manifesto hahaha, 
  i 'm pretty sure most voters would agree that kids should n't really be looking at pornography . 
  i mean 2050 . 
  are you seriously implying that law should not be enforceable simple because its the internet ? 
  the internet is n't a new technology - and law should be consistent across any environment . 
  if you read the manifesto you 'll see the conservatives have some pretty ambitious goals , for example , all cars to be zero emission by 2050 . 
  and how could it possibly be labour policy ? 
  under labour , renewable energy account for less than 9 % of all electricity . 
  under 5 years of conservatives , it now accounts for close to 30 % . 
  david cameron said his government would be the greenest ever , and it was . 
  what 's annoying is there is a sensible debate in here about the actual policy . 
  i think it 's probably majority view that children should n't be allowed access to pornography , and most would probably agree the law is the law and should be applied equally as it is written , but the debate in this thread has become some sort of twisted ' i read 1984 once ' thing that just made me quite angry . 
  worth what ? 
  the policies given by theresa may are mostly acceptable if not good for people . 
  overall tax will decrease for the poorest , wages will increase for the poorest , and we wo n't have to worry about the nearly # 100 billion in spending which labour will promise over the next 5 years . 
  bringing the railways back into public hands will cost at least # 32 billion , and the energy companies , well , if corbyn is going to reimburse shareholders the bill will be astronomical . 
  royal mail looks easy at a paltry cost of # 5 billion to bring back to the public when compared to the insanity of his other policies . 
  he says only tax increases for those earning over # 80,000 , but the tax increases are not even close to being able to pay back the costs he 's taking on . 
  worst , he 's increasing corporation tax at a time when companies are leaving the uk because of brexit , basically sealing the deal for them . 
  brexit will be hard whether labour or conservative . 
  nope - 2007 pension reform act under labour : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_pension_ ( united_kingdom ) #pensions _ act_2007, 
  the opinion polls have them polling at 49 % of the vote , and they 're really not that horrible . 
  for working people , tax has gone down , the environment is the best its been in probably 50 years , and minimum wage is set to rise to # 9 per hour . 
  the manifesto actually says they want to make it more difficult for children and young kids to access porn , not make porn more difficult to be accessed by everyone . 
  in fact that whole part of the manifesto ( which this newspaper has blown out of proportion ) , essentially is about ensuring the law applies equally online and offline . 
  you ca n't buy a pornographic magazine if you 're a kid in a shop , so why should you be able to do that online ? 
  so i 've just read the manifesto ( you can all read it here - https://s3.eu-west-2.amazonaws.com/manifesto2017/manifesto2017.pdf ) and there are some things in there about making sure minors do n't access pornography , and making sure laws apply on the internet as well ( i suppose like hate speech ) , but i 'm really struggling to see anywhere where they have said they want to take control over the entire internet . 
  there is some talk of a framework to ensure that content is not biased and news more accurate online , but not anything like what iran has . 
  pretty weird how everyone is gobbling this up - in fact the media is portraying it like this because their views will be impacted if they had to start following a framework that made them portray the news accurately . 
  no i remember as well , a year ago there was a big situation where no one was really allowed to talk about the refugee crisis unless it was a completely neutered statement . 
  well what changed my opinion was actually the refugee crisis . 
  i had supported the eu wholeheartedly and wrote off those who said it was ran by germans , bureaucrats , whatever - but then germany decided ` all refugees were welcome ' , and then we saw a total breakdown of any semblance of law and order as millions walked across international borders to settle in germany . 
  then these millions were free to essentially walk around europe as they pleased . 
  germany made an executive decision without any eu input on an issue that greatly affected all eu countries . 
  it was pretty clear then that germany essentially ruled the roost and that german parliament was playing a role in legislating for all of europe .
