  in western europe at least with the complete disappearance of the church , nothing has been able to fill its space . 
  i strongly believe a lot of social ` breakdown ' in western europe is down to the loss of connection with those in your community , because of the loss of the church . 
  russia has been making a lot of progress on this front and it might be something that other european countries can learn from . 
  abortions are at an all time low in russia , and the tfr is increasing every year . 
  we 'll see what happens in other countries like germany , but russia is definitely a shining example in terms of demographic turn around . 
  the church provides a place of gathering and a degree of social cohesion , which have direct benefits to societies and communities . 
  the uk used to have a very rough policy in terms of northern irish . 
  at heathrow northern irish people would be searched specifically . 
  they were also searched in the streets randomly by special police . 
  there were metal detectors on roads , and in shops . 
  i mean , the northern irish put up with that for a very long time , and no one ever spoke out against it . 
  i mean of the muslims that have come from other countries , a large amount have come from european countries , in fact far more have come from europe relative to the muslim population europe than any muslim country . 
  what you 're saying is wrong . 
  i do n't get what you 're arguing with me . 
  all i 'm saying is it was all independent of poverty , and the leaders leading the crusades were definitely not in poverty , much like the leaders of al qaeda and other terrorist groups . 
  feels like you 've just been waiting to argue crusades with someone and i 'm close enough . 
  what ? 
  whether europeans did it or not were not dependent on poverty . 
  for 2000 years most europeans lived in poverty , but the killing of heretics and the crusades were temporary anomalies . 
  so is the situation in the muslim community , but to say it 's because of ` poverty ' is ridiculous . 
  so then why are muslims in europe executing people and moving to syria ? 
  what a stupid argument . 
  i suppose in feudal china it was also common to be terrorists given their quality of life was shit too ? 
  the bar for ` being able to participate in mass executions ' seems to be a lot lower for muslims than anyone else . 
  that was surprisingly quick , but great news for ireland . 
  but according to this strategy there would be no muslims in france , so it would n't really be a problem , we 'd be fighting an external enemy , and we definitely have superior weaponry . 
  i 'm not saying that it should be our plan but who cares if isis is angry if isis is far away . 
  and if moderates decide to join isis after this , they were never moderate to begin with . 
  wow i agreed with this article but now that it 's right wing i change my mind completely . 
  everyone knows that being right wing is clearly the worst thing in the world . 
  i have now decided to completely ignore the problem of islamism in europe . 
  thank you for showing me the light , brother . 
  i see the similarities but terrorism today only exists really in muslim communities . 
  you are taking the spotlight off of them meaning no one will ever solve to problem . 
  it 's just like a smart way of saying ` islamophobia ' . 
  it shuts down the argument . 
  now you 're telling me that not all muslims are terrorists as if they do n't have a problem . 
  i know that . 
  their community has a problem , and no one can tackle it because people keep using arguments like yours to try and shut down any sort of fix . 
  i am from northern ireland . 
  i blame both catholics and protestants for what happened . 
  they did not tackle the problem and created an environment that fostered terrorism . 
  it is the same for muslims . 
  moderates are fostering a community where terrorism can happen because they do not wish to tackle the problem or try to fix it . 
  i do n't really care about what happened in the past , i know what is happening now . 
  if everyone had that attitude in the past then no solution would ever have been found, 
  more than 70 % of deaths by terrorist organisations in recent times are by sunni terrorists . 
  it really does n't match up . 
  what is your local parish ? 
  the westboro baptist church ? 
  so what ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  specific nationalistic terrorism exists but it 's hardly like we 're living in syria . 
  irish terrorism does n't exist on any large scale anymore . 
  it 's not about stopping it at that point . 
  it should be stopped by parents and family and friends before the person wants to wear overly religious clothing , before they start becoming more extremist , before they can justify in their mind that killing is acceptable . 
  there is a bit of a difference between ` united ireland ' and ` death of entire western judeochristian civilisation ', 
  that 's why the blame lies with even those who are passive . 
  why did no on approach that kid and say you ca n't think that way ? 
  you ca n't do that ? 
  why was he able to get to the point of being okay with killing innocent people ? 
  i said this to my muslim friend and she said these things are impossible to control for . 
  yes of course they are , when you do n't bother to try to fix it . 
  i do n't think history works in any one particular way, 
  i mean that 's a big assumption to make . 
  who wants a crusade ? 
  seriously muslims say this bs all the time but i 've never even heard anyone utter the word crusade in real life in my life . 
  oh come on it 's clearly not the only difference . 
  another is we are n't blowing each other up . 
  that kind of thing makes it sound like we 're one terrorist deportation away from being isis . 
  how do you even know that the people are n't lying ? 
  if i was an islamist i would lie , and say look , they are ignoring the law , they are making me leave . 
  so even more would presumably vote for niche parties like ukip . 
  this seems to be quite common , is there some kind of authority directing this ? 
  i always hear of islamic fundamentalists trying to take advantage of our system . 
  surely they ca n't all come to similar conclusions , there must be someone directing it ? 
  in 200 years ? 
  i do n't know if you can really be an authority on that . 
  we do n't know what will happen . 
  in the current climate , where everything is peaceful , yes it makes no sense for ireland to join the uk unless there is a sudden revival in irish patriotism towards britain . 
  however , i think if russia had 've attacked during the cold war , things would 've been very different and ireland would 've likely been a vassal of britain in some way , as britain would 've been providing all of ireland 's defence . 
  in fact it is arguable that ireland 's defence is still supplied by britain , even though ireland has no real enemies . 
  what i 'm getting at is we could encounter a situation in the next 100 or 200 years where the eu fragments , or some geopolitical disaster arises , where ireland being part of the uk may seem like a more tenable position . 
  however at the moment , i doubt it would ever see any widespread support . 
  it 's understandable yes , definitely . 
  well yeah i know , my family is actually coi , i just think they 'd be more sympathetic to the idea , not necessarily supportive . 
  still , even if it was 1 % it 'd be interesting . 
  the general vibe i get from irish people is very defensive and it makes out that no one supports it , but i 'm hesitant to say there might be a few people who think it secretly . 
  there are obviously a few , i imagine some anglo-irish and some church of ireland people who are sympathetic to reunification in that sense . 
  that 's why i said 1-5 % . 
  there definitely exists support for it , i 'd just be curious how much . 
  i 'm from n. ireland too actually , and i know amongst my family ( as in my great grandparents ) the attitude to partition was totally against it . 
  i think it 's a shame ireland was partitioned in the first place . 
  i know this is a bit controversial but i 'd love to see honest opinions about ireland rejoining the uk in a very federal system . 
  i know it 'd be like 1-5 % , but i 'm just interested in knowing like how many people actually think that . 
  he 's probably referring to mark duggan/the whole riot thing in america . 
  although a black person was killed for unclear reasons , people rioted for no real good reason , especially regarding mark duggan . 
  i realise it 's not equal to a tweet but later on in the case of america a white kid was killed by police and there was no real outcry . 
  jesus , i 'm so glad i 'm in london now . 
  i always complain about traffic but this is impossible in central london .
