  these people will have low employability too in 50 years, 
  but it is , the idea in europe that ` sex is dirty ' and ` abstinence is a pure attribute ' is all based on christian philosophy . 
  you do not realise how deep it goes into our culture . 
  people may not worship god anymore , but we are still very culturally christian . 
  it 's true but hungary is just trying to protect itself . 
  this kind of rhetoric is pushing people away from a united europe , because it seems like it 's a united europe `` at any cost '' . 
  sometimes it is beneficial to build walls or barriers . 
  you ca n't just follow principles at any cost , that 's just bizarre . 
  there has to be a pragmatic approach , and if hungary feels it is threatened , then it has every right to build a wall . 
  i really think this kind of judgement from down from on high is what turns people off europe . 
  but most of the ` refugees ' are economic migrants , 55 % are rejected from germany . 
  it is irresponsible . 
  it means that the syrian family who are actually in dire need of help end up getting pushed back or made to take insane choices . 
  yeah , the front page in the past has been dominated by the greek debt crisis and other huge issues as well , why is it such a big deal if it 's now dominated with immigration which is a big issue right now ? 
  capitalism at its finest, 
  that 's an entirely different matter . 
  what ? 
  why is that racist ? 
  hahaha, 
  i 'm glad germany is taking them all in so we do n't have to deal with it !, 
  i wonder how many saudi have taken . 
  i know , sorry , i did n't mean to imply they made it from thin air . 
  i realise my comment could be interpreted that way . 
  parisian french was only spoken by 25 % of french in the 1700s i believe . 
  the other languages were a mixture of things like occitan , breton , basque , flemish , etc. 
  the french made a culture , which might explain why they have such a heavy hand in enforcing it today , because it 's something they manufactured . 
  yes please, 
  could be but the timescale is too fast to begin with . 
  yes over 100s of years cultures adapt but effectively european societies like the uk have been expected to go from 0.1 % muslim in 1970 to 1 in 10 kids being born muslim in 2015 . 
  if anything that shows the insanity of our immigration policy . 
  the difference is that first of all , this is a matter of religion , not culture . 
  americans are open to mexican , irish , german , english , whatever , cultural events , but they are just that : cultural . 
  ramadan is religious , which comes with it different allegiances , different basic philosophical outlooks , etc. 
  secondly , the cultures of european countries are held very tightly to their chests . 
  to be british , or french , or german means * something * . 
  to be american is something else entirely . 
  they do have a core culture but are open to different cultures adding to it . 
  to be english in europe is to have a specific culture , or to be a specific people . 
  okay just in case you did n't know . 
  not really . 
  the decrease in polish population is because on average two polish adults will only produce 1.2 kids based on recent data . 
  these are the people who support and influence this party . 
  it pushes people away because they do not want to be associated with such a movement . 
  it 's really not a difficult concept . 
  in terms of personalised medicine , the race of the person or their ethnicity plays a big part . 
  furthermore , in terms of risks to certain diseases race can give you a good guide of their risks to certain diseases . 
  if you 're white or asian , you 're likely to get osteoporosis if you 're a woman . 
  if you 're black , you 're at an increased risk of heart disease . 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm getting downvoted . 
  understanding genetic diversity is a big factor in our ability to treat disease . 
  source : i have a degree in biochemistry . 
  is it a serious question ? 
  medical reasons ? 
  tracing of historical migrations ? 
  there are many reasons . 
  you mean cultural diversity ? 
  i ca n't wait till israel is completely replaced by a palestinian state and becomes another dictatorship in the region / s, 
  i think we need a hard look at white on a deeper level . 
  do we need less white things ? 
  why is n't paper yellow ? 
  or black ? 
  really ? 
  from 2010 to 2014 co2 emissions dropped by 15 % https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/496942/2014_final_emissions_statistics_release.pdf that 's pretty phenomenal . 
  uk co2 emissions have dropped dramatically over the last 4 years . 
  unfortunately it does n't align with the tories want to destroy the planet narrative so i have n't heard very much about it . 
  everyday the world sounds more and more like 1984 . 
  that 's a pretty big philosophical point to make with such certainty . 
  that is first child . 
  one child per couple is not enough to replace a generation . 
  why is that a wasted life ? 
  what were you going to do otherwise ? 
  do military service , get 8 to 6 job , be alone or with random girls for rest of life , do n't make children , die alone ? 
  most people do n't become millionaires and live ordinary lives . 
  it 's better to live an ordinary life married to someone you love than alone or without any stability . 
  the fact is you 'll never see eye to eye with someone on 100 % of issues . 
  if they support you and are there for you it really does n't matter . 
  you just have to work through these things . 
  it boggles my mind when people say that they could n't be with someone someone because they disagreed on some stupid political point . 
  so what ? 
  there is more to life than you just feeling like you 're right all the time . 
  might be , but only 36 % of families in 2013 ( excluding pensioners ) claimed benefits in 2013 . 
  it 's probably less now . 
  pension familes are about 28 % . 
  this graph is only concerned with loss of money due to benefits and tax credit cuts , and it does n't seem to take into consideration the fact that those in work will be earning far more as minimum wage is increased dramatically going forward to 2020 . 
  with unemployment at 5 % , most people are going to see big increases in their wage ( at least those on minimum wage ) . 
  in fact , under the tory gov ( 2010-present ) , the overall gini coefficient of the country has decreased , and will continue to decrease as those on the lowest wages are brought up to a more reasonable living wage . 
  for the majority of people , benefits play no real influence in their lives . 
  easily enough to win an election . 
  as well as this , for pensioners , their wealth from pension money is remaining constant going forward to 2020 , and older people tend to vote for conservative . 
  most people have experienced increased prosperity under the tories since the crash , and on the other side of parliament they see now a bunch of far left wingers . 
  the last fully left wing gov to get into power in the uk was in the 70s , when we had to take an international loan to stop bankruptcy . 
  i do n't get what the argument is . 
  people who see an increase in their wage are gon na keep voting for the party that gives them that benefit . 
  currently the tories have not done anything that has not really benefited the vast majority of people . 
  their cuts to the disabled are being reversed , and the cuts to the nhs are not actually against the interest of most people right now , since all that has happened is the nhs is being run for cheaper . 
  if they started cutting the nhs down then yes it would but anything else right now is just assumptions . 
  none of this terrible tory stuff has actually happened yet , its really mostly scaremongering , and usually it does n't happen because they change their policies to match public opinion , so most people continue to vote for them . 
  clearly not that well . 
  if you were working and you saw the amount you 're earning raise basically every year under the tories since about 2013 you 'd probably change your mind . 
  with the rises in minimum wage millions of people are going to be far better off .
