  people talk themselves into holes sometimes . 
  if you lived in northern ireland or knew it 's history you 'd know why people felt that way and were worried about the outcome of changing demographics . 
  it 's stupid to ignore the views of those who are causing problems , just as it was stupid to ignore the views of people in the uk who said ` immigration was n't a good idea ' and then subsequently voted to leave the eu . 
  but of course as with all liberalism , a high level overview of a complex situation is enough for someone to think they 're smarter than everyone else and to write off everyone else 's personal experiences as null and void , and most of all , ` stupid ' . 
  regardless , you are right , most people want to stay in the uk . 
  it 's irrelevant though , if 90 % of n. ireland was catholic it would be an entirely different story . 
  you can already see that in that places like newry and down where catholics are a clear majority , have a much larger proportion identifying as irish and wanting reunification . 
  ca n't you then see why a loyalist would be scared ? 
  they do n't want their country to change anymore than french people do n't want their country to become a muslim nation . 
  yeah all the catholics i know . 
  and that 's not true - there 's a recent trend in n. ireland to talking in scottish slang , not ulster scots , so i imagine that 's what you 're talking about . 
  at least , that 's what everyone i know from back home has been doing , especially younger people . 
  it 's not really a fake language , it depends where you draw the line on what is and is n't a language . 
  it 's certainly at the cusp of that . 
  yeah according to you we can all live in peace as long as loyalists are continually marginalised and the country progressively becomes more irish , which inevitably leads to violence . 
  i think it 's easy enough to say that , but i think the nationalists have really been stoking the flames . 
  all the catholics i know from belfast have respelled their names in the irish way , and there is movements i know of to have areas of belfast in irish and english . 
  i know it does n't seem like much , but it 's stoking the flames and creating hostility . 
  the violence may be more clearly shown on the loyalist side , but i think it 's just because they feel so threatened as if their world is slowly being encroached upon . 
  but the only reason it 's not ` occupied ' is the french got rid of all the natives a very long time ago , most people there are mixed black/french . 
  so what you 're saying is israel just has to get rid of all the arabs and then it will not be an occupied territory anymore ? 
  of course it has increased , if you compare to the 1970s there simply were n't enough foreign , non european people in the uk to have any rate of fgm , so of course it has increased . 
  i read a comment by someone who said that america created hitler once, 
  well they have , the closing polls for brexit were 50-50 . 
  that is literally + / - 3 % from the actual result . 
  the uk has one of the highest fertility rates in europe , along with much of western europe . 
  germany has one of the lowest fertilities in the world . 
  ever year , the population naturally decreases by 300,000 . 
  the only reason population remains constant is high immigration . 
  at that rate , there wo n't be many germans left . 
  covering your head was invented by the byzantines by greek orthodox people . 
  not really hypocritical it 's just russia looking out for russia . 
  this argument is constantly used but islam is the incubator for terrorism . 
  whether or not ` its not most muslims ' , the culture of islam has led to this problem . 
  just as not all germans were nazis during wwii , the culture incubated nazis and some went and killed people . 
  cc 'd ajuc@reddit.com davvw - can you forward this onto your line manager so that he is aware that you 're involved in this ? 
  regards . 
  thanks davw , we understand your concerns and we have everyone in the country working on it . 
  when we have a definitive answer we will be sure to contact you directly . 
  regards . 
  but these were n't taxes , these were `` taxes '' in inverted commas . 
  does what you said still apply ? 
  bit of a ridiculous argument considering that getting rid of trident would 've meant the uk would no longer be a nuclear power , and that certainly would 've had huge geopolitical implications . 
  he was so on point about this, 
  i do n't think the tories have become more right wing at all . 
  they have maintained their position on the political landscape . 
  i think what 's definitely going to happen of corbyn remains is that the labour party will most certainly split . 
  what ? 
  the image is all ethnic groups - there is no concentration on blacks or muslims . 
  the problem with modern society is that the only thing that matters is money money money . 
  personally i am not a fan of the recent labour party , and a split might be the best thing for the country . 
  i 've always been of the mind that the liberals being the second biggest party would be a far better situation . 
  at least they are n't cave germans . 
  it seems like the internet is always under threat and then literally nothing changes , for like the past 10 years . 
  just like it seems like the government is trying to destroy the nhs for the last 30 years . 
  british person here . 
  i 'd leave a thoughtful comment but i 'm off to my weekly austerity police meeting so they can whip me and collect any pennies that fall to the ground . 
  similarly can confirm everyone is living in abject poverty , some people ca n't even afford iphone . 
  probably , the left wing media these days is probably more hysterical than the right wing media . 
  seems like more and more each day that the roles have reversed . 
  i never said it was a good thing . 
  yep thats true, 
  well that 's exactly why they voted that way . 
  the whole vote was anti establishment and it was mostly because the government were n't listening to the people 's fears about immigration . 
  well perhaps i 'm wrong , but i do n't really think that things in terms of the uk are going to change very much . 
  hard to say , i know everyone i know is claiming their irish passport but really i see little impact . 
  we all have dual citizenship . 
  the biggest concern in n. ireland was the fear over the border closing , but i think as it transpires that that will not happen things will return back to normal . 
  i do n't think it 's going to change very much but i suppose we 'll see, 
  i mean i am sure there are a lot of people in the country who are angry , i am saying that it is not a good thing . 
  it has happened there is little we can do now . 
  it is but this is what 's happened , you being like this helps no one . 
  i 'm from n. ireland , i 'm well aware of the political opinions in that country . 
  and the whole purpose of this post referendum should be reconciliation . 
  do n't hate those who voted leave , try to understand why they did . 
  i do n't see why you 're so bitter . 
  n. ireland will never leave the uk because even the catholics support staying . 
  scotland will stay because the leaving the eu does n't mean they want to leave the uk . 
  and i 'd like to see spain try to take gibraltar back . 
  i do n't support us leaving but you 're really not creating an environment of reconciliation . 
  but 5 million muslims did n't either . 
  atheism in europe is cultural . 
  the problem with westerners is we believe the world is all heading in one direction of travel in terms of development . 
  it is not the case . 
  saudi arabia , a very wealthy country , is one of the most religious on earth in its native population . 
  do n't they ? 
  it says above there were 5 marches . 
  this is probably the first time we have seen something like this happen that i can think of off hand . 
  it 's good news anyway i guess , but will probably do little to change the minds of those who have already been radicalised . 
  is it any wonder brexit is winning when this is the comparison they 're making ? 
  this has almost made me want to vote to leave , because the people who are aligned with staying in are clearly morons if this is the shit they 're pedalling . 
  i do n't think polygamy is never acceptable . 
  it is fundamentally immoral and creates inequality . 
  something like interracial marriage is not fundamentally inequal how polygamy is . 
  that 's not true morality in my opinion , it 's just social rules and whats acceptable . 
  people label it as morality but morality is much more basic than that . 
  yes but just because someone consents does not make it correct . 
  you can not have such a black and white view of consenting = good , unless you do n't believe in morality . 
  two consenting adults can decide to have sex with a child , it does n't make it morally or socially right . 
  things such as polygamy have huge social impacts , but as the general zeitgeist of western civilisation is ` it doesnt really matter , do what you want , nothing affects anything ' for the last 50 years , i guess you 're right .
