diversity increases distrust between people of a person 's own race and of different races , reduces civic participation , amongst other things . 
  because this is wrong , there are plenty of youthful societies that have relative peace . 
  it is true , however , that once most middle easterners are 40 there will be little violence simply because old people ca n't be bothered , and do n't have angry young man syndrome , but it is not to say that young societies can not be peaceful . 
  see : america and most of the west during the 1950s and 60s , one of the most vibrant and peaceful societies ever known , average age was less than 30 . 
  i find it hard to believe in like 3 years france 's overweight percentage has increased so dramatically . 
  i guess it is possible . 
  i wonder why such a big increase , maybe the methodology is different or wrong . 
  if we 're already giving him free citizenship for no reason why ca n't we just give him a free degree too ? 
  he 's not saying 99 % , he 's saying one person in 100 still makes a significant impact on you , since you notice him so much . 
  therefore even a small number of people like this will have a great impact . 
  this data ca n't be accurate . 
  this ( from who ) puts france as having the lowest overweight rate with roughly 50 % : http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/243337/summary-document-53-ms-country-profile.pdf, 
  i 'd be pretty wary of any census in lebanon , i do n't think any of their polls have ever been accurate . 
  same , really , in every middle eastern country . 
  i read a lot , and i know a lot of people from the levant . 
  well first of all , not all of damascus is like that , and damascus is known for being a liberal city . 
  so i doubt everywhere in syria is like that . 
  that 's in damascus , i 'd argue a lot of syria is n't like that . 
  gay rights . 
  religiosity . 
  nationalism . 
  individualism . 
  philosophy . 
  russia has different values than the west . 
  there is no reason to believe that the end point of every society is that of western countries . 
  it 's not pointless . 
  given the tories have had a government based on austerity it 's actually quite strange that they 're polling so much higher , even higher than what they got in the election in fact . 
  maybe corbyn will change that , but right now it 's interesting . 
  also , this is the first proper poll that yougov have done since the election , so that at least makes it noteworthy . 
  i fear you think it 's pointless just because you want corbyn to win . 
  it 's still interesting . 
  yet they did n't even mention that only 20 % of the migrants are syrian . 
  surely that one statistic changes the entire argument they 're making ? 
  yeah he was voted to represent . 
  not to follow everyones opinion ? 
  we have real representative democracy . 
  what you 're talking about is direct democracy which i do n't support . 
  but surely immigration did change the american way of life ? 
  i mean , the high immigration did turn america from a typically english country into one which was very multi-ethnic european . 
  like , to be honest , people in the uk hate when british people have a sense of entitlement , never mind some foreign person who has never paid any taxes . 
  idk how the public would ever swallow this . 
  even if it is for international standing , it 's still a good enough reason . 
  it gives us more prestige as a nation and more bargaining power . 
  ah but the french were the franks , who were germans . 
  it 's very naive to say that given there might be 4000 covert isis operatives in europe , that none of them will succeed in their plans . 
  so just at the cost of maybe many 1000s of lives , got it . 
   ... working with fellow frogman jean camas . 
  there was no need to insult them !, 
  if large geographic areas start speaking different languages then yes it is a threat to national cohesion . 
  it is the same everywhere in the world . 
  quebec , catalonia , etc. 
  if huge swaths of america became spanish only , it only takes one moment in history for the people to decide the country should be split in two . 
  yes , it is stable now , but in 100 or 200 year ? 
  maybe not . 
  how do you know ? 
  or is it just because he 's an evil tory ? 
  i mean in america anyone from the middle east is defined as white , so it kind of is a white region . 
  including capitalism through protestantism , which was pretty much fuelled by the idea that god loved those who were thrifty and worked hard . 
  christianity effectively brought us to the world as we know it . 
  but people do n't really know their history , they think people in the middle east have the same fundamental values as they do , which is really not close to true . 
  not 99 % , a lot are filipino christians , or christians of some kind . 
  i mean i just happened to comment on a bunch of immigration related topics recently cause the immigration crisis is a pretty big deal right now . 
  in the post you 're commenting on i explicitly said it 's not impossible and i hope it is very possible but we have had some major incidents like those in rotherham . 
  this is just an account i made so i can unsubscribe from a few default subs but i was drawn to comment on this topic because it 's a pretty big deal . 
  i have also commented on someone 's hat , and a few other things , but you conveniently missed those out !, 
  it 's all political discourse until someone blows up a train station , then we 'll have 10 experts on the bbc wondering how could this ever happen ? 
  people 's lives ruined because of altruistic and unrealistic policy . 
  edit : oh and sorry , well the eu has been very beneficial for germany in terms of economic gains , but i think a lot of the european project has been hijacked in the sense that europe is blamed for certain policies made at a national level , and it has driven up support for certain parties , at least in the uk . 
  the europe i want is one that can work together but has a strong stance in the world , not the crumbling europe i see right now . 
  i 'm not so sure , isis only have to slip a few hidden fighters into those groups to cause total havoc . 
  what people do n't understand is it only takes one man with a bomb and who can lie to kill so many . 
  and then what ? 
  there wo n't be problems today , but the german attitude has been completely arrogant throughout this entire situation . 
  this whole situation is incredibly shady . 
  i 'm not surprised , i am incredibly pro europe and i have many friends across europe and i find myself more and more on the fence . 
  i feel like the whole concept has been hijacked for political gain and i 'm not sure this union thing is really working . 
  i really hope we somehow maintain free movement , however , although migrants being allowed to move across borders with basically no checks is totally inexcusable and a total break down of system , which i think is what i 'm most appalled by . 
  the best idea would be to focus on making people in the western world want to have kids , and then we would n't even have to import extra labour . 
  your ` sold proof ' is about general demographic trends , not those seen in the middle east . 
  if data from the un is to be believed fertility of north africa ( especially egypt ) has sky rocketed recently , from about 2.5 to over 3 . 
  trends can be stopped or changed . 
  no one foresaw the baby boom , either . 
  at least our politicians are showing a bit of sense when it comes to this . 
  i did n't elect my mp to represent the entire world , just my constituency thanks . 
  americans live under the assumption that anyone can be american . 
  europeans do not . 
  english is a type of ethnicity , not just a country . 
  europe ( especially germany ) , with a slowly decreasing population , is basically supplanting their culture with another one very slowly . 
  furthermore the native americans are n't exactly numerous enough to argue anymore . 
  maybe there wo n't be problems now , or in 10 years , or even in 20 years , but it only will take one spark to start the fire . 
  its a risk that no one knows the answer to, 
  it does n't matter where they came from , most first gen are pretty integrated and it 's their children who have issues . 
  i 'm sure you do n't have 2nd/3rd/4th generation british who have n't integrated though . 
  we did n't make a mistake , it was their culture persisted . 
  we will repeat the same mistakes . 
  hindus in the uk do not have this problem , but muslims do . 
  there is something more fundamental at play . 
  we believe everyone integrates equally but it is not true . 
  it might not change europeans , but if most people are n't europeans you might find other people are n't as accepting . 
  go on , show me the paper or study that says this then .
