  much about them or how popular they are . 
  also thank you for some extra insight and corrections , i truly appreciate it . 
  from what i have read and heard ( also mentioned on wikipedia ) it is * claimed * sobyanin is a putin appointee , but i ca n't confirm the legitimacy of the allegations . 
  i also agree with the point that internet polls do n't exactly give a good full picture , but they show the views of certain demographics and future trends ( to some extent ) and they have a certain legitimacy in indicating that navalny is somewhat significant as an opposition politician . 
  it 's not necessarily completely impossible for something like this to be done in china , but regardless i do n't really consider barely beating china and north korea in press freedom much of an achievement and neither of those are really actively at war with anyone ( i know nk and sk are technically at war , but not really ) while russia already annexed crimea and is actively trying to invade eastern ukraine , so yeah russia is the worst of these three when it comes to violating the sovereignty of others . 
  the only reason they are n't being detained or killed is because it would bring worse press from russia 's pov than what vice produces . 
  much larger networks would report it etc. 
  regardless the whataboutism is not really useful here , russia is not very successful at maintaining a free press not to mention a functioning democracy . 
  no i do n't understand what you 're getting at , i might be a bit stupid or do you have a typo ? 
  i definitely do n't get what your point is at the moment , unfortunately . 
  did i really imply that i liked him ? 
  i certainly did n't mean to comment on that at all . 
  he 's the opposition , i was definitely not trying to take any stance on the politics of these men in my comment , sorry if it came out as that . 
  what i 'm saying is that the opposition in russia is definitely being swept under the rug . 
  i do n't know about the communist party , but i remember reading that navalny ( and got a substantial amount of votes ) was second in the moscow mayoral election followed by nemtsov on the third place , while a putin appointee won the election so they certainly are n't insignificant . 
  there 's also this i happened to come across on wikipedia : `` in october 2010 , navalny was the decisive winner of virtual `` mayor of moscow elections '' held in the russian internet by kommersant and gazeta.ru . 
  he received about 30,000 votes , or 45 % , with the closest rival being `` against all candidates '' with some 9,000 votes ( 14 % ) , followed by boris nemtsov with 8,000 votes ( 12 % ) out of a total of about 67,000 votes '' and this was also on wikipedia : `` in 2012 , the wall street journal described him ( alexei navalny ) as `` the man vladimir putin fears most '' '', 
  what opposition ? 
  oh nevermind , forgot he was assasinated . 
  oh yeah he 's sitting in house arrest unable to communicate with anyone other than his family members , convenient since he is an opposition politician . 
  edit : swiftkey shenanigans, 
  the point of this might be the fact that it 's isis right on your border and you sit there watching , while your allies are fighting these savages turkey grabs the popcorn and enjoys the decapitation show . 
  edit : order -  border, 
  just look at his username . 
  no point arguing with him since skeptic = conspiracy theorist these days . 
  the conspiracy is real . 
  same with my bulgarian friend . 
  i guess bulgarians really do n't like roma people ? 
  they did n't invade finland during the continuation war either , although you can certainly argue that it was a question of time . 
  ( please note that i am not saying that finland is likely to beat russia in a war , merely stating that it * might * not be a complete walkover just because russia has bombs and that russia will need infantry , which will also be sniped at ever now and then despite russia having bombs and such ), 
  that goes both ways , in fact finland was far worse equipped for an invasion in relative than it is now . 
  like the last two wars ? 
  they had plenty of tanks , planes and bombs then too . 
  it 's the title vice chose , not me . 
  i am not implying they 're using child soldiers in the dnr although brainwashing is apparent . 
  good . 
  please note the title is from vice , not me . 
  do n't blame me for being bad at titles , it 's all vice in this case . 
  probably pretty unlikely as spain would absolutely slaughter them in any kind of war . 
  you can like whoever you want , but calling africans very ugly is n't the same as being attracted to white people . 
  it 's insulting africans instead of complimenting russians . 
  `` immigrants from countries with very ugly citizens like from africa etc. . places that produce women who are n't seen as beautiful in modern standards . '', 
  yeah okay , you 're trolling . 
  caught me off guard , congratulations . 
  / r/europe is hateful ? 
  your probably trolling , but you 're being downvoted because you 're being a blatant racist . 
  do what is best for their country ? 
  i do n't see how ukraine has really been for the best . 
  they managed to get russian soldiers dead and weaken their economy . 
  if they did what was best for them they would actually engage in real diplomacy and get in good relations with other countries and especially try to improve relations to europe as well as co-operate with the west in general . 
  russia has so much potential , but it is going to waste right now . 
  you were correct about north of the rhine as the romans did n't really go further , but in britain there 's definitely quite a bit of roman stuff and while not as much as in italy or anything it 's still pretty significant . 
  this is visible in the city of bath especially in my opinion . 
  yeah the british use # 10 000 and stuff quite often afaik . 
  or at least i 've seen it used by those island people before . 
  russia does fund pro russian organisations like fn , golden dawn etc in europe, 
  he did n't imply that one soldier would cause any issues . 
  he said mistreating officer * s * you 're the one blindly believing that there 's only one officer being mistreated in the russian military , as to the rest of what you said it has pretty much been revealed what narrative you subscribe to , which was my main goal here . 
  there 's no point discussing this further as it is quite clear that your point of view will forever remain the same and that to you this is a very simple conflict with only one angle to view it from . 
  unfortunately real life is n't as simple as right and wrong or russia vs the u.s. 
  there are other factors at play here . 
  you 're definitely giving out that feeling . 
  the victory day is about russian military victories and imperialism , it does n't take into account all the needless deaths that happened during the war and russians really do n't seem to care what it takes to achieve `` greatness '' . 
  it would seem to me that you do not care how many men die in ukraine or whether the humanitarian situation is good or not , but rather only about enlarging your land mass and bringing glory to russia . 
  your `` lol '' at the imprisoned soldier definitely would seem to indicate that his wellbeing is not at the top of your list of concerns . 
  wow . 
  you seem a bit cold toward your soldiers do n't you think !, 
  the other thing connecting all of those nations is the fact that in the next 5 years they 're all expected to grow faster in terms of economy than russia . 
  human capital = / = capital, 
  he probably means you . 
  maybe he thinks you 're a known putinbot or something . 
  i dont follow the soap opera here . 
  `` corrupt black hole '' i wonder how that has come to happen . 
  it is a symbol of the russian empire and a military honor . 
  so you 're basically celebrating the suffering of the ukrainian people ? 
  yeah , congratulations to russia , you managed to ruin another country and your own with it . 
  not exactly a surprise coming from serbs . 
  i do n't think serbs have any brotherly/sisterly feelings in regards to the people any of the western eu nations , but russia has always been an ally of serbia and they consider russians as their slavic brothers , at least from my experience . 
  the youtube comments are real in this one . 
  make me want to hang myself . 
  yeah a lot of countries are picking up growth in europe lately , finland on the other hand is falling behind quite badly right now . 
  well if you read the article you would see that the only one making it political is the russians themselves . 
  they honestly think that it is some western plotting that lost them the game . 
  classic russian paranoia again , i ca n't believe how a nation can become so paranoid . 
  the eu and the u.s. are actually predicted to have pretty solid growth in 2015 and beyond that it would seem to accelerate . 
  what happens in reality though is a whole other story . 
  this is a bit ridiculous already , though . 
  chicken tzatziki gyros is fantastic . 
  i have to disagree , at least when we talk about identifying as european , i know plenty of people who identify themselves as europeans and i myself identify as a european to * some * extent . 
  top notch post , these thoughts/mindsets indeed set europe apart from others . 
  the idea that businesses are pretty much lucifer is very unfortunate , but true . 
  `` for example , getting back to idaho , did you know that heyburn , originally named riverton , is the fourth oldest community in the mini-cassia area and the second frontier town to be settled in what is now the county of minidoka ? '', 
  pretty obvious to me , 
  that 's an even better explanation , we are just ahead of greece here in finland so we do n't have to work as much . 
  makes us smart , not lazy . 
  it 's all about that efficiency . 
  hours worked does n't matter too much if the workers are just twiddling their thumbs . 
  please note that i 'm not implying that those working more hours are twiddling their thumbs , but they are usually more inefficient . 
  germany alone has 33 % more muslims than the us , actually . 
  i 'll come off as a bit racist here , perhaps , but the problem is the amount of muslims and people from countries like somalia who have such difficult cultures to assimilate into western culture .
