  not so simple . 
  pretty disgusting use of the attacks and far too soon . 
  same goes to trump by the way . 
  they 're not soldiers , they 're civilians and you will never be deployed in syria despite your limited knowledge of foreign relations . 
  terrorists win !, 
  how positively soviet . 
  all of the socii got citizenship after the social wars . 
  but let 's just agree that caesar was not italian . 
  by that logic though would emperor gaozu of the han dynasty be chinese ? 
  if not then what would he be ? 
  the italian peninsula was already back then known as italia and as such caesar was italian . 
  he was also ethnically part of the group called italic peoples . 
  the romans were an italic people . 
  you can argue that he was not italian as in a citizen of the italian republic , but he was italian ethnically and in every other imaginable way . 
  how about charlemagne ? 
  italy has so many options it overwhelms me to even think about it . 
  as a fan of ancient rome there is so much badass material right there . 
  been to most of those places , absolutely love italy . 
  really need to go there again soon , 
  i 'm from finland , 
  more islamic = more medieval . 
  you get what you ask for ... 
  that 's rather suprising , maybe i was wrong then . 
  i do n't know what classifies as a lot , but there are houses there too . 
  and the prices apply to apartments too , it 's pretty crazy . 
  should have the uk , london pricing would literally be off the charts , i 'd imagine . 
  luxembourg would be pretty mind bending if it happened . 
  nearly 200k gdp ppp, 
  pretty surr it 's lampedusa . 
  any of my claims ? 
  i am only claiming two things : your sources are shit and you are a conspiracy theorist . 
  my source for your shitty sources is common sense and my claim about you being a nutjob is based on the fact you believe those sources . 
  every single one of your sources . 
  all of then have such an obvious agenda that if you do n't see it then you are beyond helping . 
  i also like yoir commenting strategy where you lob an infinite amount of shit links and see what sticks , unfortunately nothing does . 
  do n't worry , i for one prefer sweden , by far . 
  oh okay , i misunderstood . 
  that is indeed true , although what i 've seen a lot of the * mainstream * media ( not all , but for example ria ) does n't generally fit this criteria . 
  of course my view is also slightly biased and i 'm sure most russians think the same of the finnish owned `` the moscow times '' which undoubtedly does deserve some of the criticism for sure . 
  til the us is not better than russia . 
  gon na be hard to find too many metrics where that would be the case . 
  jesus christ those sources ( which are by the way by and large part of western media ) reek of conspiracy nutjobs . 
  do you even realize how ridiculous you sound ? 
  do n't even bother with him . 
  he seems completely isolated from the world and its realities . 
  then again that is an adept description of jobbik supporters . 
  holy shit the conspiracy theories . 
  and who the fuck convinced you the us is the biggest human rights offender ? 
  jesus fuck you have not seen the world if you think that is the case . 
  i recommend you actually go to 95 % of the african , middle eastern or south american countries . 
  but no the u.s. is definitely worst , obama is literally hitler and kim jong un is father christmas . 
  what do lgbt matters have to do with racism ? 
  except in many of those countries gays are genuinely thought of as disgusting and are frowned on , as far as i know . 
  russia and the chechen war is pretty far from the current situation too , though . 
  in terms of area and population affected relative to the size and population of the country the war in ukraine is more significant . 
  also it is far more strenuous militarily relatively speaking . 
  the ukrainian war machine ( if you can call it a machine , more like a dwarf ) is running at a far higher intensity than the russian bear during the chechen war . 
  are you saying that all western media is like fox news and daily mail ? 
  it 's not that part that is racist . 
  calling them hardcore criminals and cartel members . 
  and illegal alien is also a pretty damn derogatory and purposefully chosen term . 
  there 's a lot of non-eastern countries that have the capacity to take more migrants and certainly those who refuse to settle for the assigned country can go back to syria if that is their preference . 
  those who are truly in trouble should be grateful fpr ehatever they get . 
  and it is not exactly an impossible thing to explain to the refugees that they meed tp be distributed evenly , so far the issues have quite clearly been political , slovenia being one great case in point . 
  true enough , but that 's just how things are right now . 
  i 'm sure europe will survive like always , 
  at least in finland there has only been people living ( verifiably ) for around 11 000 years . 
  i would think they used fur coats and lived in caves and some huts where they had a fire going , ca n't very light a fire in a tent . 
  these migrants are n't all prepared for living in the cold . 
  as for the reason they have n't stopped in warmer countries is because we have better welfare , are generally more welcoming toward migrants and they have a better financial outlook in general . 
  also i guess they did n't expect ending up in tents in sweden . 
  a lot of this is the countries ' own fault for taking more migrants they can care for and also an eu failure for not distributing these migrants more fairly . 
  there truly is an argument to make in taking fewer refugees while taking better care of them . 
  i know how canada is , i 'm half canadian and been there many times . 
  canadians are generally some of the nicest people you can find  edit : also to clarify what i was trying to say is that whether you are in canada or sweden you are going to pretty much die in those tents without heating and/or warm clothing . 
  in more southern parts it 's okay year around , but in northern europe you 'd freeze even if it is warmer than nunavut . 
  i know you 're joking , but they 're mainly talking about the migrants in northern europe . 
  some are still in tents at least in sweden . 
  and i 'd imagine they 'd be fine in vancouver , for example , just depends where in canada . 
  and even in the north of canada they 'd be fine in a house , but i doubt even a canadian would enjoy living in a temt in the northern european winter . 
  many migrants are also in lapland so yeah , it might be a bit chilly there too , 
  that 's racist as shit . 
  if you 've actually followed u.s. economics as of late your `` aliens '' are one of the main driving forces of your economy down the line . 
  they 're the reason you have a great age structure and will continue to have one while many western countries ( and japan & russia etc. ), 
  are turning into old fossils , save for a few of us in europe who might turn out in better shape due to all the people being taken in from the middle east . 
  british humor is marvelous do n't you dare question the wit of a brit . 
  jesus christ the usa is nazi germany now , everyone here loves to act like rebellious teens with no clue of the actual realpolitik of the world . 
  til . 
  i 've genuinely never heard anyone say that , but i live more up north . 
  europe is a pretty damn broad term considering how different our countries are here in europe . 
  reporting in . 
  also have n't ever heard anyone say they 're going to europe , because it sounds awfully ignorant . 
  do you live in lapland or something by any chance ? 
  serbs have never done anything of the like at all / s, 
  as if serbia was in any position to criticize anyone . 
  oh god . 
  i guess we are poor swedes then :(, 
  what is a poor norwegian ? 
  seriously ? 
  \u00d6xit ?
