  the u.s. has substantially less muslims proportionally speaking . 
  in north america most immigrants are from mexico and asia and the ones who are from africa and the middle east are usually far wealthier and better educated than the ones crossing into europe as they have had to dole out a decent amount money for a flight . 
  they are not like the rowboat refugees we keep getting to europe . 
  the fact is that the u.s. attracts far more of the `` brain bleed '' and job seeking types of immigration than europe , which takes mostly refugees . 
  it 's a running joke that everything is good for bitcoin , because bitcoin enthusiasts often claim at times of hardship that it is just good for bitcoin, 
  okay , makes sense . 
  i was thinking whether or not that amount of muscle is really beneficial in long distance cycling . 
  i should probably follow cycling a bit more , but its not a big thing in finland . 
  i personally love going on bike rides , but in tv i think of it as more like golf - tedious . 
  would n't legs that big hinder the cycling ? 
  then again i do n't know much about cycling . 
  are the other top cyclists as bulky as him too ? 
  we 'll be okay , we have good people here  lighten up fella . 
  yeah , it was on the print version of the economist quite a while ago . 
  yeah us spies are definitely a grave threat to norway . 
  a us invasion is imminent . 
  to answer the op in this particular comment thread the big deal is that russia is a highly unpredictable superpower while liberia is a rather meaningless nation that does not pose a threat . 
  i 'm not the one to judge that , but russia certainly thinks that ukraine is trying to join the eu & nato and russia clearly has ( irrational ) fears of ukraine suddenly becoming a mortal enemy of russia . 
  had russia not interfered in crimea and eastern ukraine joining these institutions could have been possible in a * relatively * short time period ( with assistance obviously ) , but now it looks to become a much longer process already . 
  russia really pushed ukraine away even further with their actions . 
  russia is making its own fears come true here . 
  tbf it really is n't as much about self determination as it is about creating a frozen conflict in ukraine to prevent their integration with the west . 
  the percentage of actual east ukrainian citizens initially in this conflict is relatively low for a self determination struggle . 
  alright , fair enough . 
  i would n't be too consoled by that , though . 
  i 've lately and not so lately noticed that laws can be changed quite fast in russia . 
  in fact it seems that laws are quite adaptable there , so i would n't be too surprised if that rule was broken at one point or another . 
  they are allowed to do first strikes lately as far as i know . 
  also denmark has already joined the `` enemy '' . 
  it 's the missile defense russia does n't want . 
  it is not really surprising as missile defense is always a target for russia . 
  i 'm not trying to be some kremlin troll ffs . 
  i 'm just stating the fact that both nato and russia are aggressive . 
  russia just happens to be the worst kind of aggressive , but nato has also had a few not so fantastic operation to be fair . 
  obviously russia is far worse , but both sure are aggressive at times . 
  i think they mean that russia spends a lot on their media/propaganda while the eu is n't spending a lot on countering russian propaganda . 
  neither of them are defensive enough , that 's for sure . 
  as others have mentioned federalization is not the preferred outcome in many if not most european countries . 
  yeah i knew what it meant , but the vague title on the picture did n't really give me any other option than to make a poor joke in attempt to desperately obtain karma . 
  fair enough , it just says languages that you know well enough to have a conversation so that 's a bit silly . 
  only 6 % of irish people speak english . 
  also the most popular vacation destination among russians , 
  unfortunately i 'm half canadian so i 'm too polite to be good at killing russians . 
  however i 'm great at strongly disagreeing with the direction russian politics have taken !, 
  i can vouch for being a smartass , but i 'm not quite as sure about being smart . 
  edit : sorry . 
  they sure would with the current state of the german military , its really not what it could be . 
  well ... finland seems to do pretty well in these . 
  yes but the arctic is quite an inhospitable area and there 's alaska and canada in between actual mainland us . 
  both the us and canada also have more defensible landmass than europe combined . 
  not to mention the best military in the world on its home turf . 
  germany on the other hand is easily reachable from russia and could potentially be captured before allies had time to help . 
  it also does n't have a nuclear deterrent . 
  except the war would once again be fought in europe and germany could potentially be taken out of the game before the arrival of allies . 
  probably because they 're right next to the us and far away from russia . 
  germany probably would n't exist after a war with russia . 
  probably because they have by far the worlds best army . 
  they have no competition . 
  its pretty easy to say they 'll fight against russia when they 're an ocean away and spend ridiculous amounts of money on their military . 
  sweden is nuts, 
  a lot of `` skeptics '' lately on reddit ... 
  car price differences are actually pretty huge between the us and finland . 
  there 's nothing unusual nor threatening about what that ship was doing there . 
  what the jets were doing was quite unusual ... 
  of course it is , there 's nothing wrong with that either as long as stay in international waters . 
  the ships hardly there to conquer kaliningrad . 
  said russian port is in the kaliningrad enclave which happens to be surrounded by us allies , the us ship was probably traveling to the port in klaipeda , lithuania in which case it was completely normal to travel through there . 
  anyway where 'd you get that 70km from ? 
  i can certainly see that you 're staying true to your serbian roots since you 're so staunchly defending your slavic brothers . 
  reykjavik is pretty urban i 'd say . 
  it 's obviously not a huge city , but it 's big enough to be urban alright . 
  this right here, 
  yeah it 's pretty damn obvious , although all this could certainly happen on those cruises at any give moment , 
  savage !, 
  ai n't that the truth . 
  really nice place and not too far from places like florence and volterra . 
  well i vote , follow the laws of my country , always prefer our best interest first and am currently going through ( mandatory ) military service . 
  i still ca n't say i 'm a diehard patriot honestly , i 'm just following basic logic and doing what 's best for me mostly . 
  my fate is somewhat tied to the fate of my country so in that sense i want my country to be successful . 
  starting my ( mandatory , cuz finland ) military service this january was probably the worst timing i 've ever managed to pull off . 
  well i do n't know for sure of course , but nobody knows . 
  i just have a pretty good gut feeling and his actions in general would point to him being somewhat dexent . 
  i do n't want to trash ronaldo either , though . 
  it 's a slippery slope and i guess i do n't want to be a pessimist :d, 
  i do n't see the problem if he paid it anyway and seemingly does n't care about money , which is why somebody else was mismanaging it . 
  he seem like one of the most down to earth football stars if you ask me , especially considering his amazing fame . 
  lashing on messi imo is just wrong especially when you take in to account the actions of others . 
  if this is the worst messi scandal out there it is almost admirable . 
  and messi says he did n't manage his own finances . 
  additionally he even payed that 5 million . 
  imo there 's not a whole lot about this that makes him a bad person . 
  unless you 're a ronaldo fan :d, 
  pretty sure messi is also a decent human being at least from what i 've seen, 
  but this is not immigration and never was . 
  these are refugees and you ca n't screen refugees because they 're seeking asylum . 
  this is humanitarian work and in north america it is actually economically beneficial migration from countries that have good work ethics . 
  muslim refugees are a bit different than what you 're getting there . 
  if only they were capable of that . 
  america is actually doing well , we are n't . 
  of course norway searches tesla . .
