  it is pretty sparsely populated alright . 
  what on earth ? 
  we have around 40k people total ( not in uni ) in my city ( not really a city known for universities either , it 's an applied uni ) and there is at least one party a week . 
  my closest uni was like 50km way with like 2 buses a day that did n't correspond at all with school so would have been impossible not to move out . 
  i obviously would have stayed at home if i could have , because it 's the financially sensible thing to do . 
  wtf , cloud services are used by many modern businesses today . 
  good luck with that buddy . 
  too easy to escape , just dig a tunnel . 
  til , i thought gb was western europe . 
  however i ca n't say i 've seen very many cars without seat belts anywhere in europe and besides for me it really does n't make any difference . 
  i 've been in vehicles many times without a seat belt and nobody has noticed in finland . 
  besides it really , really is n't that thrilling . 
  this just sounds like you 're just associating it with the fun feeling of being abroad . 
  you 've been doing some extremely shitty generalizing then . 
  northern ireland may be like that , but it 's not even northern europe and is absolutely nothing like finland , norway or sweden . 
  and there definitely is dog shit in greece , far more than in northern europe . 
  nobody is afraid of the law here , it 's called respect . 
  that 's why we have a functioning state currently . 
  and it 's hardly the state 's fault that you find nightclubs shitty , not much they can do about that . 
  in here bars are open past midnight , often until 2 , for example . 
  finland is very much a nordic country , ireland not so much . 
  idk what the fuck you are talking about . 
  i 've never seen any cameras at pedestrian crossings and you can cross wherever the hell you want if you want to feel like a cool rebel . 
  you can drink pretty fucking late here in finland at least with the nightclubs closing at like 3-4 am , i do n't know what else you want ? 
  spend the entire night there ? 
  encouraging smoking everywhere and breaking speed limits and texting while driving is so incredibly fucking moronic i ca n't even believe you support it . 
  they 're not there because of a conspiratorial lizard run nanny state hates you , they 're there to protect people from morons like you who think drinking and driving is the greatest idea ever and a very cool thing to do . 
  nightlife varies a lot depending on cities and the people you go with , but in the smaller cities it 's mostly bars . 
  sorry , it 's hard to generalize . 
  as for the mud wrestling i have n't heard of that , but i definitely would n't rule it out haha . 
  i 'm by no means an expert so other finns can feel free to correct me . 
  but yeah i do n't mud wrestle . 
  you can make friends with finns just fine , but you might need to be the more proactive person and initiate the conversation . 
  finns really are reserved but once they get over their initial reservation ( and perhaps after a few beers ) they can be great fun . 
  sure you are , there 's an american in my university class and he 's a great guy and gets along with everyone . 
  we are an international class so it 's not just us finns who like you guys either . 
  of course personality matters , but still americans are pretty popular in a ton of countries . 
  the woman could 've been alone ? 
  clarifying edit : at the moment of attack . 
  i will be getting my non-eu passport , i 've been eligible from birth but never gone to acquire it , you need to go to the embassy and stuff ... 
  hey , so did we !, 
  pretty sure it was 20 % of exports , not gdp . 
  i agree that the weighted system would be the best , anyways it hardly matters for me since finland wo n't get any medals apart from javelin and perhaps some more obscure medals here and there . 
  but it kind a makes sense if one country has 60 medals of which 9 are gold and the rest are silver and bronze while the other has 10 with all gold it does n't really make the other country better . 
  the trakai castle is damn nice . 
  it 's not called bestonia for no reason . 
  alright well i do n't know , i was there only for half a year and obviously there was a fair share of unnecessary crap , but i felt like the training was alright . 
  i 'm more worried about the inefficiency we had , lots of doing nothing . 
  i do n't know where you were , but tiedk/recon seemed to have a good focus on the training . 
  people were motivated and the trainers were good . 
  but swedish is an official language here , it 's not just a handful of people . 
  20c atm in the west coast of finland , so not too bad . 
  filthy nilfgaardian imperialist taking over youtube shitposting !, 
  i 'm finnish as you can see from my tag , we do n't have cnn here , but nice try with the ad hominem . 
  i get my impression from this : `` ukrainians started killing people '' . 
  this both implies that ukrainians are n't people and that they 're not killing ukrainians . 
  you are also blaming ukraine entirely in the entire post . 
  but yeah you 're right in that ukrainians were killing people who were n't ukrainians . 
  instead they were russian soldiers . 
  i also like this idea of `` volunteers '' who happen to be russian military veterans springing suddenly in massive numbers all the way from caucasia to a random civil war . 
  the ukrainian side actually has a miniscule amount of volunteers . 
  and many of those are idealistic fools who do n't have proper military training vs russian professional soldiers on the other side . 
  i also highly doubt that you ca n't find a single reliable english language source , because there are plenty of good sources , it just might be a bit too hard to find one to fit your bias . 
  that 's one of the most biased views of the situation i 've ever heard . 
  you 're also talking about the separatists as if they were n't ukrainians and of course you 're right indeed as there is a healthy amount of russian servicemen there . 
  i also find it lovely your best source is a youtube video ... 
  out of 130 casualties there were 18 dead policemen of which at least one died from a heart attack . 
  and from the counter protests you can come up with one death ? 
  yeah that 's great , i wonder which government was more just . 
  you seriously do n't need massive funding for a simple demonstration , the rioters had hardly any expensive gear , mostly just what anyone can find at home . 
  on the other hand actively financing and supporting a war is expensive as hell but whatever bud . 
  i can certainly see you 're biased . 
  if you think that 's all nato is for then feel free to leave it . 
  we are doing fine outside of it , though we will probably join eventually , because we can actually appreciate the benefits of the most powerful alliance the world has ever seen . 
  and alliance of democratic nations whose ideals align with ours . 
  clearly greece has forgotten the origins of western culture . 
  russia certainly does n't stand for western ideals . 
  what exactly is the counter argument to my first claim ? 
  improved relations obviously improve trade . 
  ukraine ca n't follow the minsk agreement because both sides are constantly in combat , they did actually try , but the rebels kept on the pressure . 
  if ukraine retreats the rebels will use it immediately to their advantage , which is what we saw with the first ceasefire . 
  and yes the usa aiding the rebels in syria is seen as us aggression against syria by the syrian government and russia . 
  it 's most assuredly seen as a hostile move by the us even though it is aimed against isis and not the syrian government . 
  also that claim that adhering to the minsk agreement would work in any way is so disingenuous when russia and the rebels are holding important industrial areas hostage and also forcing ukraine to keep insanely high military spending . 
  kiev has a population of 2.8 million , no need to travel hundreds of miles and yes actual people quit their actual jobs , because they clearly cared about this issue more than their jobs . 
  the demonstrations in eastern ukraine were far , far smaller than in kiev . 
  and if you 're talking about the war we all know that there is a huge contingent of russians involved . 
  too bad nato was too afraid of conflict to end this war before it even started with overwhelming force . 
  yeah sure it 's relevant to the stock markets , but in this case eu - ukrainian relations getting better is obviously positive for the economy in every imaginable way and the coup government raised hopes ( which clearly were n't valid ) of rooting out corruption . 
  second thing never happened as we now know , but the interim government is hardly any different from an economic perspective . 
  the only difference thus is the war in eastern ukraine , which involves russian service members and equipment of which there is a plethora of evidence . 
  additionally i ca n't understand what your argument is when russian aggression was clearly harmful to ukraine regardless of the extent of the damage . 
  there were riot police only and no weapons in eastern ukraine . 
  pretty coup there were fucking snipers shooting at demonstrators , what are you on about ? 
  the first two point would be irrelevant in such a short term even in normal situation . 
  the third one is the russian aggression everyone is talking about , it did n't end at crimea . 
  where was the counter demonstration from the other 44 million ? 
  additionally the riots were all around the city and a 1 million peak would n't surprise me in the slightest . 
  of course it is impossible to have any solid numbers in an event like that . 
  you would think that a greek would appreciate democracy , but then again your pride was so badly damaged that you have to resort to the russians who share your embarrassment .
