that is why i said if, 
  unsinkable aircraft carrier ? 
  never heard of those before . 
  the ukrainian government did clearly state that they wished to continue co-operation with russia , so why not try politics first ? 
  it would make so much more sense . 
  now they certainly ca n't ever get crimea if they lose it . 
  and what are they achieving with it may i ask ? 
  why would russia have to abandon the sevastopol base ? 
  they made it a hell of a lot difficult to keep by occupying crimea and ruining relations to a number of countries instead of talking first . 
  putin seems to have a bad habit of doing things without thinking first . 
  i understand your doubt but these predictions are from this summer and at the current rate it will become 30k . 
  last year yes , i was going for this years predictions as we are talking about the migration crisis in this context . 
  last years numbers are irrelevant . 
  it is predicted that finland will take 30k this year and sweden will take 75k . 
  these are predictions of course , but we are doing our job regarding this particular crisis . 
  you rest your case ? 
  that is proportionally speaking pretty much exactly as it should be considering our economic situation and population . 
  i was n't blaming sweden of anything that was another person , but you 're clearly blaming finland of not taking enough people when it is a fact that sweden has issues with immigrants of its own . 
  it 's also easy to say you feel safe if you do n't live in the bad areas , where there actually are problems . 
  i 'd in fact argue that it is unethical to take too many immigrants if you ca n't deal with them all . 
  i do n't see why some countries should take huge loads of immigrants when others take almost none . 
  finland is doing its fair share , some might want to consider how sane it is to take a whole load of people who you do n't have the capacity for . 
  also funnily enough there were a bunch of swedes in tornio protesting for the rights of immigrants to immigrate to finland , should n't they be happy the refugees/migrants are enriching your culture ? 
  yeah this is definitely a representation of all finnish people . 
  besides it was mostly the finns helping the immigrants who got thrown at with the rocks . 
  compared to many other countries where they get beaten etc. 
  rocks being thrown at the finns protecting and helping them shouldnt be very traumatic . 
  our economy is in a poor state already , your country is double our size and we are taking in 30000 vs 75000 there , but one can argue you 're already taking too many considering we get to read about violent attacks in sweden pretty consistently . 
  not to mention malm\u00f6 . 
  i am not saying these kkk guys are n't insane , they are , but it does n't mean you have any right to criticize our immigration policy when sweden clearly has problems of its own . 
  salty for sure . 
  we 're salty bastards up here . 
  holy shit , sea levels rising ? 
  there 's your solution !, 
  glory to atlantropa !, 
  yeah but it is quite obvious that they are not going for that kind of symbolism here . 
  sure it means another thing but you have to wonder when a political party seemingly very intentionally pick their logo almost as close as a nazi symbol as possible without actually using nazi symbols while the party is far right . 
  it 's hard to interpret that innocently at this point . 
  i 'd imagine that 's about right . 
  i do n't want to say too much about greek politics of course as i do n't know enough about that subject , but i sure hope their support fades into obscurity . 
  yeah but i mean look at the fucking logo . 
  who the hell would vote for such a party ? 
  a lot of votes for a nazi party . 
  yeah i know there 's more people i was just trying to be witty and point out that neither of those numbers are very high , 
  okay i admit that the nature is absolutely fantastic and it is in many ways great , but the distance to humanity and the absolutely soul crushing winter darkness are what bug me . 
  i mean i do n't live in the south of finland so it is already dark and cold enough here on the west coast . 
  i 'd imagine it would be too much all the way up : /, 
  a whopping 500 in finland and a staggering 30 in sweden . 
  okay to be fair it is the north , nobody wants to live there . 
  in fact we have a war right now in europe between your country and ukraine . 
  we still ca n't get along . 
  edit : i 'm -  in, 
  not going to happen . 
  plus sweden has our buffer zone magic shield . 
  in greece you do n't have to worry about it , 
  have lived there , liked it . 
  looking at the pictures it really looks like the danish cops and volunteer aid workers smiling in the pictures are literally satan 's minions there hating hard on those migrants . 
  edit : typos, 
  have to agree , sweden is doing well and so is germany , both are doing well to take in refugees , to a certain extent of course . 
  we need more folks here in finland , its cold and lonely . 
  maybe migrants can solve our winter depression and alcoholism !, 
  oh yeah , valid point . 
  and then installing a terrorist to lead the area with full authority . 
  i know eu law requires them to be stopped , see my other comment . 
  lesser of the two evils sure , but it was n't always isis vs assad . 
  there were a lot of good moderate rebels before they were wiped out or forced to join etc. 
  meanwhile assad was gassing his own citizens . 
  when intervention was a supported idea it relied on doing it quickly , but now it is obviously too late , because the focus is now on eradicating the is . 
  it 's not just that it was dictatorial , though . 
  it was also because they gassed their own citizens . 
  i do n't know about other finns , but i view the u.s. very positively . 
  woah there , i can assure you along with the irish that that 's not the case . 
  reddit is just weird . 
  i 'm not labeling you anything and i understand there is a law issue . 
  but it is ludicrous to blame the west for immigrants . 
  it 's not like we sent them to hungary from syria . 
  the migrants want to germany and it 's hard to blame them for that either . 
  it 's not the west that has a problem it is the eu ** collectively ** who needs to solve this . 
  lower wages would lower the youth unemployment too , though . 
  buffer zone ? 
  you 're the ones stopping the migrants from getting to germany , they do n't want to stay in your country anyway and i do understand them . 
  good job victimizing yourselves . 
  definitely the `` west '' is to be blamed for your problems . 
  forgive me , but what you just said makes you sound a bit like a fool . 
  because they do n't carry the risk of invasion . 
  unless you really believe the u.s. had any interest toward finland . 
  the u.s. is our ally despite there not being an official alliance anyone can understand that much . 
  we are in the eu and with close ties to the west and as such we might as well be allied to the west . 
  russia on the other hand is to be frank , our enemy . 
  russia poses a credible threat to our sovereignty , the u.s. does n't . 
  russia is testing our response time for war , you can bet your ass the u.s. is not doing that . 
  therefore i am a hell of a lot more comfortable having us planes fly through our airspace than having russian planes heading towards our borders . 
  we ca n't afford to take a risk after crimea , this is the new reality . 
  also i am not the one who even mentioned airspace violations , this fine lad thought it was propaganda , but it certainly is not , it is fact . 
  what ? 
  i am not talking about that submarine . 
  i was talking about a whole other incident . 
  planning to blow up , he never even did it and may not have even planned it if you ask me . 
  and that 's 20 years too . 
  and a lenin statue too , ca n't say he was a very nice man .
