  i know we do , but as the swedes know norway 's natural beauty deceives you from the true nature of norwegians . 
  just kidding , i like norway , but they have nothing on the swebros and the eestibros . 
  definitely better than the gopniks , though . 
  yeah south africa could certainly be doing better , but that is indeed hardly due to democracy . 
  very well said , getting tired of the pessimism . 
  and ? 
  clearly democracy is working for them . 
  well to be fair we call people `` it '' in finland as well all the time . 
  it 's incorrect , but quite alright . 
  just thought it was funny considering the topic at hand . 
  what ? 
  the eu gave far too many concessions to the uk that it was n't entitled to . 
  he does n't let them enter the campaign events , the guardian and the independent among others . 
  you can feel free to read about it . 
  it 's been covered , the ban involves guardian , for example . 
  they can choose who they let in their campaign events , apparently . 
  wtf . 
  never change sweden . 
  ca n't believe your being upvoted when these countries are n't even examples of proper democratic nations and two have just been ravaged by war . 
  there are plenty of actual democracies that are poor you could have used as an example , but none of them ( nor these countries you mentioned ) are poor due to democracy . 
  such an ignorant comparison . 
  zimbabwe is n't a democracy lmao . 
  if you think mugabe is democratically elected you are a fool . 
  how 's south africa a failed state ? 
  it 's the most prosperous nation in africa ... 
  american elections are a legitimately democratic vote and that is recognized by pretty much anyone who follows us elections . 
  the us has its problems , but it sure is far better than russia . 
  definitely sweden , it 's awesome . 
  estonia is n't a bad second . 
  russia , well ... 
  yeah you are indeed right that 2014 was really bad for russian foreign relations with europe , i just meant that they have been getting colder for a while . 
  indeed in 2014 they really snapped and it was the second last day of sochi when yanukovich escaped to russia . 
  yup 50km from finnish border as well . 
  soviet union 2.0 is seriously pretty much how it would be . 
  they still have their dictator and their v-day parades etc. 
  not enough has changed since the soviet union . 
  the relations were pretty bad before sochi already in 2014 and it all definitely started earlier in the 2000 's , ever since putin they have slowly become worse . 
  there are a lot of 1st and 2nd gen poles in the uk too . 
  this thread is a bit too full of self proclaimed experts . 
  so your ( pretty obviously biased ) word against the economist ? 
  who to trust ? 
  that 's a hard call right there . 
  there has been no announcement regarding an eu army . 
  it would appear that you have also read a few too many uk tabloids with everything falling and burning everywhere . 
  also your use of emojis does n't arouse a whole lot of trust in your maturity . 
  one thing i do agree with is that this was indeed just the beginning . 
  a beginning of another recession in the uk . 
  i meant the eurozone . 
  footsie 100 with the multinational companies ( it 's also down 1.6 % , btw ) that benefit from the weaker pound , meanwhile ftse 250 is down 10 % since the referendum . 
  also it 's traded in the pound which is already at 31 year low . 
  artillery and mortars are not accurate by the centimeter . 
  in terms of aircraft carriers they 're useless in defending the russian landmass . 
  they 're for projecting power . 
  russia also has great aa capabilities . 
  a javelin can take out a target from 3km away no problem . 
  well trained infantry is also still important in the defence of a country despite all the high tech gear . 
  still you 're right to say that infantry masses are n't nearly as relevant nowadays . 
  regardless russia is well equipped for any war . 
  attack helicopters are weak in a war between technologically advanced warfare , too easy targets . 
  this is partly from the fdf perspective , but it holds true for other countries too . 
  he 's just not very clever . 
  if there were a new referendum the result would likely be different , at least according to the economist , so the brexiters do n't want a new one , save for those estimated 1.1 million who regret their decision to vote leave . 
  yeah especially now that osbourne is planning to turn the uk into a tax haven . 
  kinda like that 350 million to the nhs bus . 
  `` china '' - donald trump, 
  yeah , it 's quite sad that the uk has let their pensioners and unemployed fall into this state of racism , shouldve taken care of them before they went crazy . 
  based on what exactly ? 
  most of those considering leaving are indeed going to eu countries from everywhere ive heard and from all the people i personally know . 
  greece would n't have ever gotten in if they were n't cooking the books , though . 
  yep , the pensioners and unemployed indeed have more time in their hands as it happens . 
  and jobs . 
  arrogance ? 
  he 's completely correct . 
  the leave campaign was full of lies . 
  also according to one study ( this was from an economist article , not sure of priginal source ) an estimated 1.1 million leave voters already regret their choice . 
  the majority of the employed and youth voted for remain . 
  is it honestly not time to reconsider ? 
  it felt like you intentionally misunderstood it . 
  it was poorly worded , but i was trying to say i doubt he does anything at all to stop terrorism and probably does n't lose sleep over it . 
  a nice gesture like this is probably more than what he is doing . 
  i 'm going to be very clear here : i think the user who claimed that governments do n't care or do anything about terrorism is dense and an asshole and i unfortunately i mistook you for him . 
  i apologize for that and my hostility . 
  i was very angry with his attitude on the matter . 
  my point was probably clear enough : no need to be a douchebag about a nice gesture . 
  what ? 
  gaza and the west bank are within israel , it 's not foreign policy and i was n't referring to foreign policy in any way . 
  the fuck does an israeli know about terrorism in europe ? 
  it 's not like we can just go and launch invasions arbitrarily these days like israel can in gaza and the west bank . 
  it 's a bit different is n't it mate ? 
  you 're extremely dense if you think that 's what i 'm literally saying with my sarcastic comment . 
  what i 'm saying is that it is a moronic complaint when it 's just simply impossible to stop all terrorist attacks . 
  i bet he is also a stern advocate of privacy and highly anti-surveillance . 
  there 's no easy solution to terror attacks so unless he has some magic bullet then he can fuck right off . 
  if he had actual criticism to give then he can go right ahead and i 'll support him , but populist shit like that needs to stop . 
  i 'm sure you 've done so much more than our governments to stop terrorism / s ridiculous bitching ... as if it was a trivial matter to stop terror attacks edit : such an intelligent edit there , thank you . 
  let 's do some more invading and get a bit of oil while we 're at it , because that 's very much what you seem to be implying here, 
  how is everyone keeping their heads in the sand ? 
  people are genuinely trying to stop terrorists , but it 's nearly impossible to stop all terror attacks ... 
  i think you 're really jumping to conclusions way too fast here . 
  yeah it 's obvious the eu needs reform , but federalization is not the answer , certainly not now .
