  there 's actually a ton of iraqis trying to get back from finland to iraq . 
  in fact the iraqi embassy in helsinki ran out of passports . 
  they ca n't control themselves . 
  that 's why there are strict dictatorships etc in the middle east . 
  they 're scared of freedom believe it or not . 
  i bet sweden will mourn the loss of this dimwit . 
  at least j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping has dreamhack if you 're into that . 
  looks like the middle of the country instead of the north guys . 
  it depends of course where exactly in the north , but the kuusamo region at least has a lot more snow at the moment . 
  unaware of your warped reality where the blame falls exclusively on israel yes, 
  grinding palestinians from their homeland ? 
  what are you referring to specifically ? 
  this is an opinion piece , not to be taken as the ultimate truth if you were n't aware . 
  i 'm not exactly surprised it was haaretz as it is pretty extreme leftism which i 'm not exactly a fan of . 
  i 'm not really one to align myself politically in any one way as things are n't that simple , but i am probably more left leaning and still consider haaretz far too leftist . 
  edit : and just so you know your `` bland '' link gives me error code 500 so i could n't read it if i wanted to . 
  it is rather obvious that the hamas politicians are negotiating , but when your policy is death to israel you will be hard pressed to find sympathy from me . 
  israel has made many offers , but these have been turned down . 
  they 're also the ones negotiating from a position of strength here so if we want to be realistic we should probably not have too high expectations . 
  yours is a long comment and while i appreciate that you feel strongly about this particular matter i am not easily persuaded of the good intentions of the palestinian negotiators . 
  that will not lead to anything unless the actual palestinian authority wants to negotiate with israel . 
  actually fyi israel is not the one trying to maintain status quo , the palestinian representatives have n't agreed to suggestions from israel that have had huge concessions from israel . 
  if they wo n't accept the earlier deals i doubt israel will nudge much more from them . 
  too bad hamas is a part of the `` palestinian national authority '' . 
  why exactly are we cheering about this ? 
  what palestinian state are they recognising ? 
  the palestinian national authority government where fatah and hamas ( a terrorist organisation whichever way you like to look at it ) would rule palestine ? 
  with no negotiation with israel , that 's going to end well . 
  greece being greece again . . 
  it would appear so . 
  russia is on the 21st place , higher than countries like belgium . 
  have to agree , they 're really bad quality too . 
  just ignore him he is yet another racist afrikaner . 
  huge surprise there / s, 
  woah shit , are you saying my life has n't been worth living for quite a while now ? 
  oh well i 'm a finn so you can reverse that . 
  same unemployment rate as bulgaria , we 're doing fantastic . 
  i 'm not even commenting on this topic , but in which way are the nordics soft ? 
  just because you are n't poor does n't make you `` soft '' whatever you mean with that in this case . 
  it 's rather than the nordics are fair and reasonable . 
  we do have mandatory military service here in finland and as far as i know romania does n't have that . 
  are we super tough now because of that ? 
  or is it more of a pick and choose type of thing ? 
  so if they were n't amazingly naive and unable to see the threat from miles away . 
  man power was hardly low , in poland it was because they got double raped , but they still had more manpower . 
  i am guessing you have no idea how small finland is . 
  not any less than the poles saying the west is responsible for what happened to poland . 
  is self pity this widespread in eastern europe ? 
  reminds me of russia , the soviet union definitely left deep scars i can see that . 
  i am also talking about the whole of eastern europe . 
  if they all gave the same resistance instead of getting walked the fuck over they might lot be complaining . 
  i am so fucking tired of the west being blamed for literally everything that happens in the world . 
  eastern europeans lose their wars and then they bitch and moan about it being the westerners fault instead of blaming their own poor defence . 
  which is outweighed by the long sparsely manned border and the fact that more or less all of those countries ( save the baltic states and some others ) had the capacity to field a * significantly * larger army . 
  ukraine was already a soviet state and had soldiers fighting against finland . 
  one example was the 44th division of the red army which got destroyed on the raate road in the winter war in 1939 . 
  that growth is tantalising . 
  not us , we get it . 
  where 's ireland , though ? 
  or am i blind ? 
  there 's a lot of examples where there 's an uprising/civil war that gets crushed and things get back to normal . 
  sure if you want to you can first ally with them to beat the soviets out of poland and then drive them out of poland . 
  pretty smart plan actually , i was n't even thinking about that . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i said any alliance that has the us in it is dominated by the us . 
  the us is n't in the eu , it is in nato however and there it obviously is the biggest dog in the pack dominating others in military and economic power . 
  there 's no point in trying to overtake it in military spending . 
  the pact where mutual assistance against the germans was promised ? 
  britain declared war , but it was hardly a possibility for them to instantly ship all their ( rather poor ) infantry units to poland when germany was a threat to the whole of europe and would 've wiped the british troops off the face of earth . 
  germany was finally defeated , it just was n't possible immediately especially because poland could n't hold out for very long or offer a meaningful resistance . 
  the french capitulated immediately against the germans as well so there was n't a whole lot of people who could 've helped poland . 
  and since the soviet union was n't a part of those agreements there was nothing to be done there . 
  finland was hardly considered strategically worthless considering both the soviet union and nazi germany wanted it . 
  how many more men would the soviet union have used ? 
  they already sent 1.5 million men . 
  also had everybody else opposed to the soviets inflicted those losses there would have been no soviet union anymore . 
  and if even tiny finland was capable of that imagine what poland could have done ... 
  please tell me how it is the west 's fault ? 
  it is not at all their responsibility to attack on their ally . 
  it would have made literally no sense to attack the soviet union right after an already insane amount of bloodshed to beat the germans . 
  the soviets were the ones who stopped the germans and then the rest of the allies jump on them ? 
  hardly . 
  who else are you going to blame ? 
  father christmas ? 
  pretty much like that . 
  maybe it is the self pity that lead them to this situation . 
  the victimisation is unbelievable . 
  what 's there to educate ? 
  i know about those events . 
  none of those make it western europe 's fault . 
  here in finland at least we do n't moan about the lack of support in wwii . 
  if there really was a true will to defend your country ( not only talking about poland , by the way ) i would think the war would have taken a bit longer than it did and with far more significant casualties considering even finland could muster a more formidable defense despite our eventual loss . 
  we did win our independence with resistance , though . 
  edit : typo, 
  i am sorry , but i do n't see that happening . 
  when is is defeated either they replace assad with a democratic process and multinational backing or assad destroys the rest of the rebels and with russian backing holds on to his power . 
  however this is n't the primary concern at this time , first things first we need to beat daesh . 
  do you genuinely believe that syria is going to be partitioned like germany after wwii ? 
  because that 's certainly not going to happen for obvious reasons . 
  it is not the colonial times and syria is not the nazi regime either .
