  nobody will send troops to fight isis , because apparently nobody wants to use the professional soldiers they 're paying for . 
  then when the real wars start everyone wonders why their army is weak . 
  i know this opinion is * hugely * unpopular , but i think if there 's a justified reason to use professional soldiers we should use them , it directly benefits us . 
  professional soldiers are doing it for a profession and knowing t what they sign up for . 
  i understand that nobody wants their soldiers risk dying , but as hard and cynical as it sounds sometimes it is for our benefit and saves lives down the road . 
  well there is literally no alliance where the us would n't dominate . 
  finn here , we are not panicking about russia attacking even thought we share a huge border and are not in nato . 
  itt : eastern europeans crying about their sorry state while blaming western europeans for it . 
  the comments are true cancer , tread carefully . 
  eastern europeans very well could have fought back against the soviet union like finland did . 
  we do n't blame the west for shit here , because it retarded , nobody had any obligation to help us . 
  western betrayal is a pretty absurd thing to say . 
  ever heard of fighting for your countries yourselves ? 
  a bit of resistance would perhaps make a difference , it certainly helped here in finland where we do n't have to make any retarded betrayal accusations . 
  yeah i would have to say they indeed deserve a dishonourable mention . 
  yeah there were some people saying russia got their own medicine with that plane crash . 
  we 're hardly that significant and there are a few signs of improvement as of late , this recession while rather damaging is hardly the end of the euro or even finnish prosperity . 
  no , you 're right . 
  i 'm going to go to sleep now . 
  let 's just send them back and see if it makes a difference . 
  slippery slope deciding which refugees are allowed , but i guess that 's a part of the deal . 
  literally hundreds of thousands of innocents will also suffer and some will possibly die ( certainly more than 128 these are also women and children , by the way ) , because of the actions of the few that managed to kill 128 french people . 
  the terrorists literally won . 
  i bet they 'll be overjoyed when we send those men and children to be slain and women to be used as sex sloes . 
  hard to comment without knowing where you are from ? 
  sweden ? 
  because sweden did take too many refugees which is what i have said from the beginning of this ordeal . 
  germany too . 
  but if we shared them it would not be a problem whatsoever . 
  also taking debt is completely fine in the modern world as long as you 're able to repay them and millions is absolutely nothing in the 21st century . 
  i suppose i will just have to end this by saying i am sorry we ca n't come to any agreement and will never come , but good luck fighting terrorism by deporting muslims . 
  i hope you have a final solution for the ones already in europe too . 
  otherwise they might yet again kill a whopping 128 people causing the whole of europe to capitulate to terrorists . 
  just send them all there and do n't do anything beyond that , sounds well thought out . 
  kinda like that plans where we ignored the invasion of crimea and allowed a frozen conflict in eastern europe . 
  we are too soft to do anything so what the heck let 's just send the muslims away , after all out of sight means out of mind . 
  i am so very sorry , but sending them back wo n't make a bit of difference . 
  also i am tired of this trivial topic when there are actual matters of significance to deal with . 
  128 deaths . 
  contemplate for a second what difference does it make ? 
  the answer is no difference except if we let it . 
  it seems we have already forgotten about the fact that we have a terrorist caliphate actually controlling land in iraq and syria yet our biggest trouble is a 128 dead people and refugees that never would have come here if we actually acted against is ages ago . 
  then there is the frozen conflict in europe which we also did nothing about . 
  and it seems that we are again doing nothing about the paris attack and instead focus on refugees that are by and large innocent . 
  well to be completely honest with you i think we have much more important matters than a few terrorists with ak 's , some terrorists and an insignificant 128 people dead , but because people are freaking out i am for some insane reason trying to stop them from doing so , but it is n't working . 
  terrorists are mere distraction in the grand scheme of things , but for some they seem the scariest thing on earth . 
  i will have to just respectfully disagree then . 
  i am sorry to inform everyone here , but 128 lives is insignificant and fear has clearly taken all rationality out of many people once again . 
  so i will repeat what i 've so many times said : 1 . take in the refugees , educate them , feed them , help them 2 . 
  defeat is 3 . 
  send these refugees back with actual educations and help the nations of the middle east as much as you can to create stable and prosperous nations which will lead to reforms in ideology . 
  the middle eastern islamic empires were one of the most progressive and tolerant places to grace this earth . 
  this can be achieved again if the region is helped to prosper once again . 
  it will take time and will not be easy , but it is far better than being hateful and trying to rid the problem with inaction and ignoring the root cause . 
  we have come too comfortable in europe and we are far too unwilling to sacrifice anything for the common good . 
  the us would n't exist if it were n't for immigration and it is also the reason why it continues to be very powerful . 
  they are one of the only developed countries with an age pyramid that does n't make you want to cry . 
  multiculturalism is a much older concept than you think and at times it has been remarkably successful and a driving force of certain empires . 
  why should n't we be afraid you ask ? 
  because it is absurdly irrational and very dangerous . 
  you are letting the terrorists control your life . 
  you are n't going to stop any terror attacks by not accepting refugees , they 're not the enemy nor the root cause . 
  they 're the ones fleeing from the is . 
  allowing terrorism thrive in the middle east and trying to let it sort itself out and closing our borders is never going to work . 
  ignoring the problem is n't the way to go . 
  let 's instead educate these refugees , defeat the is and once it is safe , send back these refugees to build their countries and make them stable and prosperous as they once were . 
  the root of terrorism lies in the middle east , not europe . 
  sure there are a lot of people disliking us , but that does n't change the fact that if we want to return these people to their homes and keep our moral dignity we need to at least purge the is out of there so they can safely return . 
  your government would n't trust civilians indiscriminately with untraceable firearms in a situation where a terrorist group holds a large swath of land in your country . 
  and do you realise how unfeasible it is to train and equip hundreds of thousands of civilians in a country like iraq amidst a chaotic war where your army has terrible morale . 
  it 's just not a possibility to train these civilians . 
  well first off you are saying muslims are worse than other people , congratulations . 
  secondly we are already taking in those who seek refuge and they do include all kinds of people , just because we are taking muslims does n't mean we are n't taking anyone else . 
  do you want to forcibly remove them or what ? 
  another thing you 're saying is that when taking in refugees we go through everyone crossing the border and only throw the muslims out . 
  other than that being rather prejudiced it is also completely unfeasible because there is no way all of them can be identified . 
  finally you claim that muslims radicalize as much in the west as they do in the middle east which is just not true . 
  the majority of terrorist training camps are in the middle east completely unmonitored whilst in europe this will be far more difficult due to surveillance . 
  it seems the french value of equality has already been abandoned due to you being scared of terrorists . 
  that just confirms to the terrorists that their values are worth fighting for and that we are n't prepared to uphold our own values to the slightest . 
  i ca n't believe europeans are this incapable of upholding their values . 
  yes but it is only a side objective . 
  instilling fear is quite obviously the main purpose of the attack , which is exactly what they want . 
  and once again they proved able to change our views in fear . 
  defeat them in iraq and syria and you 'll be able to send the refugees back safely . 
  a precaution against terrorism would be to make the is swiftly capitulate in iraq and syria allowing the refugees to resettle there . 
  two birds with one stone . 
  this is what they want . 
  if we force them back to their war ravaged lands they will certainly not look kindly toward us which is something the is will use as a recruitment weapon . 
  additionally they have succeeded in their mission to instill fear which is the purpose of terrorism . 
  phobos rules the battlefield . 
  you people ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  are you honestly naive enough to believe that closing the borders is what will stop terrorist attacks ? 
  it wo n't change anything . 
  that is the one exact reaction they want , it seems as if the terrorists won if they managed to get you cowering with a few hundred dead . 
  i suppose their assumption of weak westerners was a correct one . 
  sure they can , if there was somebody to train them . 
  unfortunately the armies of iraq and syria wo n't arm and train their civilians just like that for obvious reasons , although they would be incapable of doing that anyway considering the state they 're in . 
  and if they did stay where they lived they would be killed by is who controls a large swath of land in iraq and syria .
