  again resorting to cold war era sub hunts . 
  there was another russian sub found during the cold war , not just one . 
  yeah i read that thread . 
  i would n't be offended by being mongolian , but it is pseudoscience anyway . 
  til our foreign policy is ambitious . 
  jets have verifiably penetrated finnish airspace actually and similar to sweden a russian sub was intercepted and turned around with depth charges here on the finnish coast . 
  both have been reported by multiple reputable sites . 
  it is very likely there was a russian sub in swedish waters . 
  serbian  so surprised you 're defending russia . 
  really , i am shocked that a serb would ever defend russia / s. 
  same kind of shitty track record of murderous lunatics leading the country as russia . 
  not really . 
  i guess i should 've figured that out from context but whatever . 
  you could say they `` blazed it '' , but then you would just be making a bad joke like i am now . 
  oh yeah that is very true , of course al dente is how it should be eaten , but that restaurant was in a very small village and it was not the best restaurant ever in any case so i can forgive the rock pasta . 
  i 've had some of the best meals of my life in italy . 
  i have traversed northern italy very extensively so i know that part of italy very well , but everything south of rome is unknown territory admittedly . 
  i have many friends there as well as an ex-gf so there ya go , no hard feelings toward italy . 
  i hope i did not offend you with my pasta remarks as i know it is sacred there , 
  together they might have done something , at least distract the russians so as to let us fight our way to ural and create a great finnish empire / s, 
  this is most certainly not true , but the only place i 've ever had genuinely undercooked , raw pasta was in italy and it was just horrible and disappointing since you know italians know their pasta * almost * always ( except for this time , obviously ) . 
  alright that explains it , it 's a bit cooler when you come up north , 
  you must live down south ? 
  if you want to emphasise your thankfulness you could say grazie mille !, 
  ( `` a thousand thanks '' ) . 
  not an italian , but i know a few words here and there . 
  i am not questioning the content , merely the quality of the website that is reporting this . 
  true i absolutely agree that it 's obvious she did something completely idiotic , just pointing out what hit my eye . 
  yeah with source i meant the website that looks pretty bad and the url attached to it . 
  and yeah that showing off because of a journalist is pretty stupid from the soldiers part too . 
  what an absurd situation . 
  first of all what kind of a source is that and secondly the rebels take orders from journalists now ? 
  maybe they can tell them to go back to russia . 
  phoenix is suitably placed considering that 's pretty much where carthage was and carthage was found by the phoenicians . 
  illuminati confirmed ? 
  edit : upon closer inspection , not quite right , but close enough . 
  i do n't know what he is talking about . 
  belgium is such a wonderful country and one of the best places in europe for good food . 
  i am pretty sure if we 're being geographical finland is a part of northern europe . 
  this is the greek proposition you blithering fool . 
  double angus beef patty , slice of cheddar on each patty , bacon , tomato , salad , buns ( obviously ) and just very slight amounts of ketchup , mustard and mayo . 
  finland , 18, 
  yeah i agree , though i wonder if things have changed since that as things like this move so fast . 
  i 'd still reckon that the netherlands would be ahead of us anyway as it 's much easier to maintain a good infrastructure there due to the small size of the country and population density . 
  here in finland i 'm myself relying on a pretty unreliable 800mhz lte connection so in my case it could be better , but then again i live in the countryside so i ca n't complain . 
  nobody 's head is getting chopped off . 
  we are n't talking about isis for christ 's sake . 
  this is what soldiers try to do to cope with the war , this is far from the worst stuff that happens there . 
  it may suck but be grateful it has n't gone any further , because it certainly could . 
  +16 and - 6 now . 
  could be that if the article was in english it would help your cause a bit . 
  additionally regardless of whether the information was outdated or not in my comment , it was never the point . 
  the point i was making is that there is no healthy opposition in russia and dissent is not tolerated . 
  if putin sees a threat he will deal with it . 
  western media is only tolerated , because it would be worse for him if he killed or jailed western journalists . 
  what exactly is delusional about what i 'm saying ? 
  your view of a healthy opposition and free media is quite distorted , so maybe you should think whether or not you might just be a little more delusional . 
  and it also really does n't look very good when you get a nervous meltdown in the middle of a thread and just dismiss and insult / r/europe . 
  considering you also post in / r/russia you should n't be complaining too much looking at the content on there . 
  are you kidding right now ? 
  seriously ? 
  you must be trolling with all the memos and such , i think nothing more will come out of this , thanks a lot for having this conversation . 
  opinions can be biased ? 
  ok great , but this is n't about opinions , vice is presenting pretty obvious facts here , not opinions . 
  if this is n't evidence enough i do n't even . 
  well the only thing you 've done is lol 'd at vice , called it buzzfeed and made memes about it and me . 
  there really is no opinion , just the beratement of vice . 
  more memos , so dank , thank you for your contribution mate . 
  edit : thanks -  thank, 
  healthy democracy eh ? 
  multi party system and one party controls 53 % of the seats in the duma , seems like there 's a really good opposition . 
  yes , i mean last major news about navalny as reported by western media , if finnish media , german media , b is lumped in to the good old stereotypical `` western media '' . 
  of course it is very typical of a russian to think that all media that does n't come out of russia is the western `` enemy '' media . 
  in what way is the russian opposition working as intended ? 
  they are being suppressed in the duma . 
  here is an article about the state of the russian opposition ( easily dismissible as western propaganda , of course . ), 
  by dw : http://www.dw.de/russian-opposition-in-a-great-depression-after-nemtsov-murder/a-18289297 i definitely know more about russia than you know about finland and i am certainly knowledgeable enough to voice my opinion ( you would clearly prefer that i 'd have none ) . 
  claiming i do n't know `` jack shit '' is pretty insulting , honestly so please try to have some courtesy in the future , please . 
  edit : for reference what a multi-party system normally looks like : ( of 200 seats ) kesk 49 ps 38 kok 37 sd 34 vihr 15 vas 12 rkp 10 kd 5, 
  you 're responses are so hip right now , thanks for being so constructive too !, 
  you really bring so much to the conversation !, 
  clearly you do n't have any denial going on , its just that vice is so bad and and the opposite of credible of course yes . 
  sorry for having an opinion too , by the way . 
  i do n't speak russian and i do n't follow navalny constantly as i have other , more relevant countries to follow as well , it seems he got out 28 april so my information is outdated . 
  the reason i had not known this about navalny is that it was never major news anywhere outside russia and i personally do n't follow navalny or care about him . 
  the fact is that he has been harassed by russian authorities and that there is no proper opposition in russia . 
  yes , part of that is the fault of the opposition , but the russian government is actively suppressing any unwanted opposition that might be seen as a threat and the same goes for journalism . 
  if you deny that then maybe you should pay attention to what happens in your country . 
  the last major news about navalny was when i hear he was defying house arrest in january and i am sorry i was wrong about him still being there , but that does n't mean i do n't know what 's going on in russia . 
  what is your stance on everything ? 
  it is easy to critisize others while providing nothing of your own to the discussion . 
  how much do you know about finland ? 
  your stance is pretty much known anyway as you 're pretty much in every thead in / r/europe and always defending russia . 
  could it possibly be that because you represent a side of the conflict you might just be slightly more biased about what is happening in this conflict and in russia . 
  i have no stake on either side so i can at least view things from more than one perspective . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with the quality of this video and their series from ukraine and on isis to name a couple have been excellent journalism and very informative . 
  hardly any news sources besides vice have reported from a similar perspective when it comes to isis and the dpr , for example . 
  it 's in no way relevant to complain about the quality of their journalism in other videos anyway considering this one is pretty much flawless proof of russian soldiers fighting in ukraine , not that it was n't known , but the more proof the better . 
  and in what way is the video not credible ? 
  sorry , i did n't mean that i did n't know the communist party existed , i was aware that they exist , but i meant that i do n't really known .
