  oh well , finland is prepared for russian expansionism . 
  maybe greek soldiers are going to come here for holiday too , we will gladly accommodate . 
  yeah wars are definitely good for the economy / s. 
  perhaps nobody can blame anyone , but it 's not really unsafe at all to travel to france . 
  i certainly wo n't be swayed by terrorist attacks , but i can understand why someone would be of course . 
  very much agreed , same thing applies to finland, 
  the guy you are debating is so unbelievably misguided and messed up with his thinking . 
  programming is n't rocket science and the education will help anyone regardless of whether they become successful software engineers or not . 
  nobody is hurt in any way by some mental gymnastics . 
  i think a combination of a healthy body and healthy mind is needed , not one or the other . 
  rather than europe ? 
  yeah not quite sure about that . 
  the fact that some turks who have immigrated into european countries are erdogan supporters hardly matters when they 're a small minority in the entire population , the rest hardly care what political movement you support . 
  i 'm no expert on the uk military , but i do n't personally consider it ( nor the french army , they have had some rather successful interventions ) a joke . 
  since they 're already meeting nato spending demands i would think that the issue is somewhere else than the funding . 
  perhaps it lies more in directing the funding itself . 
  and i would like to add that i in no way wanting the uk to collapse or anything even though i would have preferred the stay vote . 
  i am very glad that the ftse 100 is currently still a bull market , i am just voicing my concerns , because i think the direction that has been taken is more dangerous than the current situation by far . 
  but my point is that neither of these countries is broke . 
  both have extremely well developed and versatile economies and the uk especially was having very good growth for the last while . 
  which causes me to be very puzzled by the brexit vote . 
  now the worst case scenario could send the entire continent into a new recession , thankfully a full breakup has been prevented for now . 
  edit : and i also agree with you that this argument is futile , but i 'm merely trying to say that the uk and france are on very similar level economically and are key players in europe . 
  both need each other and europe needs them , nobody is superior , we all need each other . 
  you gave me no source , you gave me a piece of news that confirmed france had surpassed britain , not vice versa . 
  you still did n't confirm anything and there is no source for that claim . 
  keep in mind i am assuming of course that the newspapers were basing on research that included quarterly growth and stock markets developments in their calculations , because to do otherwise would be pretty lazy and clickbaity . 
  i concede i did n't myself pay much attention to those articles , i only used them to point out the fact that claiming france has no money was pretty ignorant considering the british economy is currently effectively the same size and the british outlook is weaker than that of france . 
  also what i said is straight from actual economists ( economics is n't even my field ) so maybe you should n't dismiss it as empty speculation especially when it is effectively a consensus , not just a couple of economists . 
  by the way a bba is a very broad degree in case you we 're unaware . 
  edit : i also liked your ad hominem attacks very much and the dismissal of the opinions of professionals in the field of economics as mere `` guesses '' was amusing . 
  we 'll see how it goes , i 'm sure brexit will be like dancing on roses . 
  so that difference is not trading blows ? 
  the difference in france 's favor was minimal and now the difference in britain 's favor is minimal , the economies are very close to each other in size . 
  additionally the euro continues to be in correction against the pound and as such the pound will slide again until we hit an exchange rate of around 0.85 $ to # according to estimates . 
  you seem to be in some sort of denial my friend , while britain is a significant player in geopolitics the days of the empire are certainly far past . 
  we have n't even began to see the effects of brexit yet , because britain has n't even triggered article 50 yet . 
  once brexit happens there will be a recession in britain . 
  now the extent of that recession is what is under debate , but it further supports the likelihood of france overtaking britain . 
  and please do n't lecture me on the basics of economics when i 'm studying for a bba degree which i fully intend to extend toward an mba . 
  i do know the basics of economics , but suggesting that britain is somehow far superior to france is pretty absurd . 
  edit : and the current ratio would appear to be 1.20 gbp to eur , not that it is a huge mistake , but since you claim the very small size difference between the two economies is so significant , this is probably equally massive , then again it might have slid enough for france to surpass britain again . 
  then again britain has a much larger economy regardless am i right ? 
  based on what source exactly ? 
  and since the french apparently have no money is britain really that great anymore if you 're trading blows with someone who `` has no money '' . 
  ca n't believe your being downvoted , the amount of people who actually support these monstrosities is incredible these days . 
  even outside of russia . 
  with what exactly would europe answer with ? 
  there is no european military presence in the south china sea , nor capacity to project military power and there are no diplomatic solutions , because neither china nor russia follow international law . 
  europe ca n't afford to ramp up militaries because economic growth is weak and we have two crisis situations in our hands . 
  funnily enough france just surpassed britain as the worlds fifth largest economy . 
  you really do n't need amazing grades to enter oxford , just a hefty wallet . 
  it 's not a guarantee that it suddenly makea youbone of the smartest people in the world somehow . 
  til marx was a prominent environmentalist, 
  as long as trump is n't elected the us will continue to be somewhat predictable which is good for the markets of course . 
  about the distance , sorry i meant by sea of course . 
  it 's easier to ship between the us and europe than china and europe from my understanding . 
  we value you guys as allies more and i do think that cultural , political and ideological issues prevent us from being allies with china . 
  western values are very important and the us is the most crucial defender of them and will continue to have the strongest military presence for decades . 
  us growth will continue to be strong as the demographics are favourable and trade deals are being made to further strengthen us influence . 
  i very much doubt the us will significantly weaken in the near future , the outlook is strong as long as political stability is maintained . 
  china is too far and has been struggling lately while the us has seen a remarkable economic recovery ever since obama started his presidency . 
  the us markets are more lucrative as consumers have more purchasing power and there 's a strong culture of consumerism . 
  the us also reflects our values more and is a key ally and partner . 
  did n't know americans were this pessimistic and unaware of their significance even though we have seen a rise of dissent lately . 
  then again your high income inequality has made it so that the average american does n't get to see the fruits of this growth anywhere near as much as the 1 % do . 
  not much to follow in a country with no effective opposition and the political situation is currently far more stable than in the us and as such does n't warrant as much inspection . 
  additionally to my country the us is both a bigger trade partner and a bugger political influencer . 
  the global market also does n't respond to trouble in china as aggressively as in the west yet and it does n't affect stock in my country nearly as much . 
  only for the first time and he 's been in office since 1987 . 
  on the 2008 elections : `` news organisations report that , by the date of the second-round election , more than 80 opposition supporters had been killed , hundreds more were missing , in addition to thousands injured , and hundreds of thousands driven from their homes . '', 
  not from my experience and knowledge . 
  what makes you say the black population loves mugabe ? 
  because us politics quite obviously affect the global economy . 
  not only that what happens when the us ( the world 's second largest economy ) withdraws from the paris climate agreement and starts polluting , because trump saw snow in the winter ? 
  the effects could be irreversible . 
  trump 's foreign policy ( which he obviously knows nothing about judging by his speeches ) could have disastrous consequences , nobody wants to negotiate with that narcissist . 
  and so on . 
  so obviously i and everyone else should very much care . 
  maybe your initial topic , but my point is that this behavior is indicative of his views . 
  also comparing the news outlets that trump banned to rt and fox is incredibly disingenuous and i 've never heard of clinton explicitly banning anyone , though she certainly is n't above that kind of behavior . 
  it 's hard to be happy about the us presidential candidates when one of them is an isolationist climate change denier and the other under fbi investigation . 
  as trump would say : it 's sad . 
  no its not , read further . 
  a direct quote : `` but i think it 's worth pointing out in a number of instances private security guards and campaign staffers that picked reporters out who are just working the crowds and tossed them - had them evicted from events . 
  so even their people can be - from singled out institutions can be tossed . '', 
  http://www.npr.org/2016/06/14/481977982/washington-post-banned-from-events-by-trump-campaign such special access . 
  in the short time he was on the pitch he had great passing and even managed to get good scoring chance . 
  he was also equally crucial in the 2014 final . 
  i do think that reus has overtaken him though and is actually the best attacking midfielder in germany atm , but tbf i 'm a biased bvb fan . 
  there 's nothing special in the access he is denying from these publications . 
  he just dislikes their coverage of him and by extension prevents them specifically from attending . 
  i think it 's quite odd and if you consider that healthy behavior from him then i am very worried . 
  it 's definitely an indicator of his thoughts on press freedom . 
  to be fair g\u00f6tze would also have been a key player had l\u00f6w let him play . 
  too bad reus was injured , he is imho definitely deserving of a spot in the starting xi, 
  yes he of course was and i do n't doubt that the election was fair then , but as you say zimbabwe is pretty undemocratic these days unfortunately . 
  i loved victoria falls , but the current situation is fucked up . 
  it was n't `` given away '' it 's owned by the us and operated by nato . 
  do you have conflicting interests with your own military alliance or what is the problem here ?
