good point, 
  exactly , it 's there in black and white !, 
  yeah , dressing and horse hurdles definitely should go to the horses . 
  they 'll suck * something * out of you . 
  really , / u / -- donaldtrump -- ? 
  we get it , michiru . 
  cameron : the killer of europe , the destroyer of unions , the fucker of pigs, 
  i mean , depending on your perspective , he could be either a godsend or a wrecking ball . 
  not quite yet . 
  you 're still giving nigh 6 million the biggest ` fuck you ' you could by calling us english . 
  fucking david cameron . 
  while in power , he managed to have 1 scottish independence referendum , remove britain from one of the best things it ever was or will be a part of , drag scotland and northern ireland out against their will , bring justification for scotland to have another independence referendum ( which would likely succeed , with the list of reasons to vote no shrinking smaller and smaller ) , and possibly also kickstart irish reunification . 
  sco : france , maybe . 
  probably because of our history together , i would say france . 
  i 'm in scotland , and believe me , it 's terrifying . 
  it 's absolutely terrifying also that scotland 's vote is totally eclipsed by a single city in england that is london , so scotland 's vote could essentially mean nothing :(, 
  i 'll miss mybrother that is france if we leave :( goddamn brexit . 
  sounds like a fucking cereal or something . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i really hope that we are n't as stupid as farage thinks . 
  i 'd much rather be in the uk but part of the eu than independent but outside the eu . 
  i am terrified . 
  still , at least if we leave the eu and scotland votes to stay , we 'll get another independence referendum , and hopefully actually leave the uk this time . 
  then , maybe we 'll join the eu as an independent nation ? 
  hopefully . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  oh my god . 
  well , i suppose we 're due another world war anyway . 
  im kidding , of course . 
  there are crazy people in every country . 
  that 's not how it works , it 's 5 % . 
  add 5 % to yes and it goes to 50/50 . 
  add 10 , and yes wins . 
  commie , christ my sides . 
  is anything left-wing now automatically communist ? 
  i am delusional thinking scotland can leave the uk ? 
  i would think that it 's more delusional to think that it ca n't happen , considering there are two options ... also , i disagree with what you claim is reality . 
  i feel more scottish and european then i ever will british . 
  additionally , nationalism is concerning your * nation * not your continent , and i want my nation to be scotland , not the uk . 
  being part of the eu provides massive benefits to scotland , like , i do n't know ... providing 1/7 jobs , for example . 
  free movement , science , agriculture and other areas of funding ... would much rather be on the eu, 
  even with scotland . 
  a ton of italians immigrated to scotland and contributed to the food industry , mainly ice cream and fish and chips . 
  i thought that immigrants were lazy and being a welfare burden ? 
  or has the goofy anti immigrant rhetoric bullshit changed ? 
  i 'm an idiot , cheers . 
  lock the door , do n't let us leave !, 
  ootl , which are some demographics that do n't integrate very well ? 
  i 'd like to think that the eu would be ok with it . 
  the majority of we scots have shown we want to be part of the eu , which i hope they will look favourably on . 
  i mean , i hope that may denies a referendum . 
  not because i do n't support independence - i do . 
  i hope she blocks it because it would most likely mean an increase in support . 
  i hope they block it for that reason . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/13/independent-scotland-would-have-to-apply-to-join-eu-commission-says  a senior member of rajoy 's ruling centre-right party told bbc scotland last week that spain would not seek to veto an independent scotland . 
  `` if you are thinking about catalonia the situation is very , very , very different to the scottish situation , '' said esteban gonz\u00e1lez pons , a spanish member of the european parliament . 
   `` if the scottish population voted for independence because they wanted to stay in the eu the last thing the eu should do is to slam the door in their faces , '' he said . 
  `` having a country join would be a very positive signal for the eu ... and a signal for those pushing eu disintegration . '', 
  hard to say whether the majority does or does n't agree on independence . 
  most of the polls i 've seen have it at about 49 % -51 % support for independence . 
  i 'd like to think , however , that if nicola sturgeon learns from alex salmond 's mistakes during the campaign for the 2014 referendum , independence would be much more likely . 
  found that source : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/mar/13/independent-scotland-would-have-to-apply-to-join-eu-commission-says, 
  correction , they would n't allow us if we unilaterally or elsehow illegally seceded . 
  by referendum , they would . 
  twice . 
  you say that as if defence spending is inherently a good thing . 
  i think we 'd rather spend our money on more important things like education and healthcare . 
  did he really ? 
  erdogan is really spitting in the face of democracy . 
  god , yes please . 
  please please please, 
  this is just getting sad now . 
  like i said , `` no doubt we 'll get an independence referendum now . '', 
  what you may see is that i did n't claim we 'd leave , or stay . 
  i stated that we will get a referendum , for which there is a mandate for . 
  now , i do n't know about you , but i 'm getting tired of arguing over speculation . 
  if so , or if not , have a nice night . 
   are you ? 
  * you * are the person stating absolutes , not me . 
  i do n't claim to know how it will go , one way or the other . 
  you , on the other hand , claim to know exactly how it will happen . 
  which is impossible , unless you are some kind of fortune teller . 
   has more land mass than the surface of pluto wow , that 's amazing . 
  a fortune teller , are you ? 
  unless you can predict the future , you do n't know whether it will go one way or the other . 
  aye mate we 're humped . 
  no doubt we 'll get an independence referendum now . 
  yeah , you 'd be the only person not stressing about it because you knew how it ends . 
  yes , no doubt we will have one now . 
  hell no . 
  it would be more accurate say the divided kingdom than anything . 
  they manky bastards do n't deserve to have a car . 
  how is it good ? 
  21 degrees ? 
  dear god man , that 's a bloody sauna . 
  maybe stop eating only ice cream !, 
  i do n't know , it is n't the scots who voted to leave the eu like england , share a legal system with england , or have similar cultures to england . 
   v4 how ignorant do you think that people are ? 
  you mean the visegard group ? 
  czechoslovakia , greater germany , austro-hungary and slovenia .
