  both labour and snp are left wing , whereas the tories are as right wing as they come . 
  the innocent car does n't deserve that !, 
  i feel like i should have added options for subareas of the country , e.g. 
  catalonia , bavaria , scotland , sicily . 
  u.k. , malta , ireland , iceland , cyprus ... might be forgetting one , possibly . 
  there 's also snp if you 're in scotland , also the greens . 
  i 'm pretty sure more people live in sealand than lichtenstein , to be fair . 
  tor . 
  * there is no money tree . 
  unless it 's for mp wage rises . 
  i feel like surveillance is a very conservative thing to do , while terrorism is but the catalyst for it to be implemented . 
  the excuse for it to be implemented . 
  that 's both funny and , i feel , kid of extreme . 
  i am totally for civil rights , but one thing i am ok with is nazi and neo-nazi censorship . 
  however , that is kind of crazy , unless he was actively promoting nazi ideology . 
  moderate letters , wiretap phone calls , and break up meetings and demonstrations with sturmabteilung-like paramilitarists . 
  stop giving the tories ideas !, 
  hahaha we 're fucked, 
  get the terrorists blootered . 
  refugees lose when terrorism happens as they all , regardless of logic or reason , get blamed . 
  does it compare to how in the uk you might be able to understand english but not scots or northern irish people ? 
  or is it more complicated/different ? 
  calm down dude, 
  hey , at least you guys are somewhat covered !, 
  no haggis , whisky , rabbie burns , or bagpipes mentions at all !, 
  really ? 
  what 's the attraction to china in poland ? 
  the evil organisation , sern !, 
  it 's weird that theresa may is on that list , since she is n't the head of state . 
  the reigning monarch is . 
  despite the fact , they still had more power in parliament than ukip ever have . 
  they still had greater representation in parliament . 
  they still had more seats than ukip did , however . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's hard to tell when someone 's joking about politics and when someone 's being serious now :(, 
  i 'm guessing you really do n't give a shit enough to educate yourself , but if you do , [ here you go ] ( https://www.snp.org/policybase ) . 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  you neglected to include the snp , which had much more seats than ukip did ... 
  did n't ukip have about 2 , while the snp had 56 ? 
  not really , haha . 
  scotland has such unique vocabulary and accents that it can be difficult for even native english speakers to understand us , and because it 's mostly scots that live in scotland , there 's not really many occasions where we 'll need to slow down and speak less-scottish english ( generally , unless you either a ) live in a city with a high immigrant population or b ) go abroad regularly ) . 
  and the thing is , what is ` standard english ' to us is scottish , not what other people who do n't have that standard think . 
  the standard is relative - when i talk to people who ca n't really understand me , it 's not the standard way i talk . 
  hell , i talk about how non-native english speakers have trouble with scots - i have to slow myself down and speak more clearly when i go to * newcastle * . 
  even english people have trouble with scots . 
  if i 'm totally honest , i ca n't see the point my sleep-deprived mind was trying to make when i said this ... 
  if you want to be technical , marx said that communism requires a country had to have suffered under capitalism first , which russia really never . 
  ussr technically did n't do it right , so it is n't entirely inaccurate to say it was n't real communism . 
  disclaimer : i 'm no advocate of communism . 
  huh , til iceland was occupied during ww2 by the allies . 
  his wife is 64 . 
  the disease that is that song is sadly not confined to one language . 
  oh god , this brings back memories from school ... 
  repressed memories . 
  fuck that was hilarious , made my day . 
  when i go abroad , communication is difficult . 
  not because i do n't make an effort to learn essential words and phrases , but because of my accent . 
  i 've actually had to have a less accented mate translate from ... scottish-accented english to english so that a waiter could serve me . 
  do you ever get issues with your accent when you go abroad ? 
  yes , i agree . 
  i 'm also a social democrat , and i know exactly what you mean , it 's very irritating . 
  really , what i meant by liberal was in terms of individual rights and freedoms ( as opposed to either soc dem & sjwism or free market capitalism ) . 
  what irritates me the most about american class liberal is that these restrictive laws are exactly in opposition to what it actually means to be a liberal . 
  yeah , i mean i do n't know why i 'm getting downvoted to oblivion . 
  ouch , i voted remain , you know . 
  which , when you think about it , is very moronic since it 'll affect their lives the longest . 
  there is n't one cohesive culture in europe . 
  spanish culture is quite different from scottish culture , for example . 
  goddamnit , yes . 
  i hate how little that young people care about politics , so little they ca n't even be bothered to vote . 
  european culture ? 
  and the fact that you get all aggressive when someone nonchalantly gives you advice also hurts your credibility . 
  i do n't think i know what liberal is in the american sense in the first place . 
  i thought by `` that '' you meant one other than scotland 's main party . 
  also , their stance on the monarchy is kind of unclear . 
  [ mep alyn smith ( snp ) called for a monarchy referendum if scotland went independent ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/aug/02/snp-minister-vote-referendum-monarchy-scottish-independence-alyn-smith ) . 
  also , humza yousaf ( snp mp ) said [ most of the snp oppose the monarchy ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/humza-yousaf-most-people-in-snp-want-to-get-rid-of-monarchy-1-4127741 ) . 
  so , it 's not totally set out , but they may lean towards republicanism . 
  economically liberal does , at least . 
  liberal can also mean `` favourable to or respectful of individual rights and freedom '' ( i.e. 
  not the conservative party ) . 
  i 'm sorry it 's been ages since i was studying whiskynomics !, 
  although , on the plus side , that should help canada 's economy !, 
  you hate both the jews and rich ? 
  i could understand why people might hate the rich , but it 's kind of arbitrary to hate the jews , but ok ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ disclaimer : ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ joke, 
   britain too in whose mind was winston churchill and the conservative party liberal ? 
  what 's with the , what seems to be , recent rise in anti-semitism ? 
  not the guy you were arguing with , but your grammar and spelling hurts your credibility . 
   that snp wait , which snp are you talking about ? 
  yeah , it 's definitely a very positive thing . 
  i just wish that scottish nationalism was the standard . 
  look at snp ideology . 
  it is both pro-european , but also nationalist . 
  i love german - it seems like it has a word for everything . 
  i just realised i have no clue what currency any south american country uses . 
  no , portugal . 
  do n't you recognise the portuguese flag ? 
  poor spain, 
  send us some whisky pls . 
  how fucking subtle can the meme be ? 
  it was * literally * on the side of a bus !,
