  you did n't write it , just implied it . 
  to be expected tbh , when one has no arguments only smug comments can save face . 
  muh `` russian paid troll narrative xdddd '' grow the fuck up . 
  i am pretty sure that if there were actual neo-nazis in fn someone would have made them a wikipedia paged and posted proof of it there . 
  so you have no idea what you 're talking about and just say shit for the sake of saying shit , good to know . 
  have a good day . 
  so i have to ask again , do you have proof of any other referendum that is n't from 2014 onwards where people were pressured to vote in one way ? 
  all of the constant polls from 1980 's to the present are not an indication of the will of the local population ? 
  the russian majority in crimea is also not an indication of the will of crimea to unite with russia ? 
  assuming that it 's true , how does that make him a nazi ? 
   even today , you regularly hear about a fn candidate 's leaked photo doing the nazi sign well do you have a photo of an actual current member of fn doing the nazi sign ? 
  i see no other meaning to your question other that russia has been forcing referendum results in their favor through military might even before the 80 's so i see no reason to rephrase my question . 
  well i actually do , but i would rather not trust my french when reading such articles , 
  so you believe that all referendum have been rigged , in spite of polls showing pretty much the same across al years and the populations being russian majority since the 30 's ? 
  they are literally nobodies , they do n't even have a wikipedia page , only the frederic guy has one and there is nothing there that shows anything . 
  the other links are just french articles that i obviously ca n't read . 
  so , do you have any clear evidence in english or not ? 
  mind giving some examples of neo-nazi behaviour ? 
  pretty much just because they do n't like her anti-eu policies . 
  but still , others will claim that she is literally leading a nazi party , so i donno . 
  it 's always funny to see just how disconected people are from these terms like ` dictatorship ' or ` fascism ' . 
  if those 2 territories were at the border then yes , sure , the way it is it is simply impossible to give those territories independence . 
  since the 1980 's ? 
  shhh ... we do n't like to talk about that . 
  let me guess : they once again infiltrated 4chan and pushed for the most savage pro le pen memes in the great meme war for france ? 
  give me a break . 
  true , but here we 're talking about geopolitical repercussions , turkey has no intent of losing money and possibly even giving armenia a corridor to the black sea for reparations that i 've already argued about how they should n't even be paying in the first place , so those things are not something that they really care about . 
  maybe , but if it puts you at even the slightest risk of paying something , why would they take that chance ? 
  is n't macron considered as a candidate that will most likely just preserve the status quo ? 
  and mine is that it 's not . 
  we disagree so let 's part here . 
  have a nice day . 
  i am not siding with a militaristic dictatorship mate , i would have had the same stance 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 ,25 , hell , 60 years ago and you would have known that had you actually read any of the points i wrote . 
   you 're ridiculous and you have no actual arguments but insults and appeals to emotion . 
   of course you can retroactively enforce laws in a situation as large as this one . 
  i completely disagree . 
   you fail to understand that the people and government hold the same stance as they did when turkey was the ottoman empire they hold the same stance because , as i 've already repeated a million times , they do not want to be forced to pay reparations and give up land , what 's so hard to understand ? 
   you think that getting rid of the authoritarian government wipes their slate clean `` welp theres nothing we can do now , our government changed , sorry armenians , we dont have to apologize now '' no . 
  just the fact that turkey is not the ottoman empire is not enough for me to say that they should n't pay reparations . 
  however , the fact that those two states are so different at their core in terms of government form , culture , nationalities etc plus the fact that we 're talking here about retroactively enforcing a rule plus the fact that we 're talking about an event that happened 100 years ago summed up is enough for me to say that turkey should n't have to pay reparations . 
  it would be nice if they admitted the genocide happened but it wo n't due to political/social reasons and the fact that they will surely be pressured then to give reparations which , for the last time , should n't happen due to the reasons mentioned above . 
  again , you just proved that you are only appealing to emotion . 
  again , it 's not turkey , it 's the ottoman empire who killed them , again , you ca n't retroactively enforce laws , especially after 100 years . 
  again , it 's not about feelings , it 's about legality . 
   if you think turkey is not religiously motivated then you 're wrong . 
  k then , guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
   the people and government of turkey do not even recognize it as a genocide if you actually took the time to read my initial post ( or any other one of my comments for that matter ) i said that the reason they do n't recognize it is that they will then be forced by countries like germany , usa , netherlands etc. 
  to pay reparations or even concede territory , something that they do n't want to/agree with . 
   nor do the people seem to show any remorse for it . 
  and ? 
  we 're talking here about legalities and such , not who thinks/feels what . 
  it 's good however that you ignore any other point and just resort to the arguments based on feelings . 
  it might give you a bunch of upvotes on a site like reddit but it does n't make you right . 
   so basically what you 're saying is since it happened before we `` frowned upon certain things '' its fine . 
  nope , quite the opposite , it is a horrible thing what happened but that does n't mean that turkey has to pay reparations for it . 
  i literally just said in the beginning that the genocide happened and i 'm not fine with that . 
   if a muslim man raped 200 women in the 1800s it 's suddenly okay ? 
  nope . 
  that 's why i was never saying that it 's `` okay '' . 
  you want to give a good anecdote , how about this : a muslim man raped 200 women in 1800 , however there was no such thing as `` rape '' , it was not a crime , until 1850 . 
  still not an ok thing to do however , never said it was ok . 
  the problem is that , 100 years later , the 200 women 's families are now demanding that , let 's say , his grandson , a guy that was actually pretty mad at his grandfather for different reasons and who actually lived a much different life compared to him is now being asked by these women 's families to pay for what his deposed grandfather did , more so , for doing something that did n't even exist as a crime 100 years ago . 
  that 's a good comparison . 
   you make no sense . 
  neah , you are just probably emotionally-involved in this topic so you call me an idiot and whatnot . 
   by the way , turkey is very undemocratic , they elected a man who abused power to essentially become a dictator . 
  and ? 
  last time i checked turkey was still not a multicultural islamic caliphate but a constitutional `` democracy '' ( more or less ) . 
  the situation for nazi germany is different since they were actually judged under an international court of law for crimes against humanity , the term genocide being coined for them specifically and enforced for this occasion ( which i disagree with , they should n't have retroactively enforced a rule but just judge them for crimes against humanity ) and the payments happened in 1952 , just 7 years later , not 100 years later . 
   you literally can not read neah i can , trust me . 
   the ottoman empire and turkey are basically the same thing . 
  yup , except the population ( multicultural empire vs turkish state ) , government form ( empire/caliphate vs modern constitutional democracy ) , political and religious view ( islamic state vs secular country ) , different policies and whatnot , but they are basically the same thing if you say so . 
   the people and government have the same views as before the change what , an islamic doctrine focused around a caliph ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   turkey should pay reperations nope , for multiple reasons : - turkey can not take the blame for the acts of the ottoman empire , as modern turkey actually started as a revolution against that exact entity ( ottomans ) and the need for change/reform . 
  - the genocide happened before the word genocide was even coined :  `` the united nations genocide convention , which was established in 1948 , defines genocide as `` acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnic , racial or religious group '' - enforcing something retroactively is something that i do not support . 
  adding the fact that the genocide happened in 1915 , a time period when such acts were not condemned because there was no international body to condemn them and genocide was n't even a `` thing '' + the points mentioned above no , i do n't think turkey should pay reparations . 
  acknowledge it sure , but not pay reparations . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying , so you want the ottoman empire , a state that does n't exist anymore , to pay reparations ? 
  that 's not possible . 
  which country ? 
  the ottoman empire ? 
  they do n't exist anymore . 
  there 's a clear reason why turkey does n't want to recognize the genocide , because then they would be pressured to pay reparations for it which is something they ( and i ) disagree with . 
  the ignorance is strong in this one . 
  looks like the polls were extremely accurate , let 's see how the 2nd round will unfold . 
  nothing too surprising till now . 
   your statement was `` the simple act of trying to force a sovereign country to do something that they do n't want is something that i disagree with '' , with no indication that it should n't apply to economic trading policy . 
  yeah it 's kinda hard to keep tab of all discussions when you debate with many people at once , my general point is that , in my view , the eu should only be a military , economic ( specifically trading ) and visa-free union , i do not agree with the eu imposing social or other types of policies that do n't fall into those 3 categories mentioned above . 
   it 's fine by me to disagree with refugee quotas , but the fact of the matter is when there 's a provision in the eu treaties specifically for `` a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries '' , you ca n't really blame germany for trying to make use of it when exactly that happens . 
  true , they are enforcing a law ( i 'd say agressively ) because it is advantageous to them which they are fully in their right to do , but the truth is that this law was written in 2008 , way before the refugee crisis so i 'd say it 's safe to assume that the countries that signed it did n't expect such a huge amount of refugees at once and would have modified the specifics of the agreement had they known how big of a deal it would be . 
  furthermore , it was also kinda hard for us ( romania and bulgaria specifically ) to be against it since we 've just joined 1 year before ( 2007 ) , after a pretty long process and with a strong negative opposition from countries like the uk , as going against it so early after just joining would just give them fuel to add to the fire . 
   much less can you blame germany specifically for the decision when the vote went predominantly in favor with only 4 against , 1 abstention . 
  while true , again , in 2008 the situation was much different from what it is now , if the same law would try to pass today i 'd wager there would be a much bigger opposition . 
   whether you agree with it or not , after all that is the law and voting mechanism sovereign nations decided to give to the eu level . 
  true , but that 's also part of the problem , these agreements are not necessarily the opinion of the people in the eu since we did not directly elect those officials . 
  all in all , yes , you are right that those policies are something that all signatory countries agreed upon when joining the eu , however that does n't mean that they are perfect or that they ca n't be abolished/ratified . 
  furthermore , i 'd say that the existence of such policies coupled with other factors ( like the fact that we do n't directly vote for eu officials ) is what stems most of the eu skepticism and is what has pushed the uk to leave the union and has given rise to so many right-wing parties ( like the sudden increase in le pen 's party or the austrian election ) . 
  again , had the eu just been a military and economic union with visa-free travel none of this would have happened and that 's what i 'm arguing in favor of . 
  i do n't `` know '' it , just speculating , it seems probable since we have precedents ( uk referendum , us election ),
