  no wonder the credibility of mainstream media is at an all time low . 
  was reffering to the people who voted in the referendum , still if it would have been a 100 % voter turnout it 's more safe to say that the percentages would have remained somewhat similar . 
   sadly true , but as i stated above , in my opinion their opinion should n't matter . 
  and in their opinion your opinion should n't matter too so where do we draw the line ? 
  i disagree that allowing lesbians and gay to marry is a fundamental right and most people in slovenia seem to agree . 
  i disagree that allowing lesbians and gay to marry is a fundamental right and most people in slovenia seem to agree . 
  yep , i always love it when the government goes against the will of the people in spite of making a referendum on that issue one year ago !, 
  as in they created it out of thin air then pushed for its legitimacy , maybe i did n't express myself correctly, 
  i said exactly the same thing too . 
   to push for a national `` identity '' that was n't there in the first place ( kosovan ), 
  even if it somehow were true ( which i kinda doubt ) you being the exception does not mean that the majority of people in sweden think everything is fine . 
  the videos , photos and statistics do n't lie ; sweden being way worse off than 5 years ago is simply a fact , it is not normal to fear going to certain places in the big cities and it should n't be tolerated . 
  i do n't think i am . 
  ok , i admit i was a bit carried away with my statement and sure , it 's not like the other side is innocent in this conflict . 
  the problem is that ( to my knowledge ) the kosovan independence war was a continuation of the yugoslavian wars and the usa 's attempt to crush any form of possible pro-russian influence ( from serbia ) in the balkans so they 've supported the insurgent groups ( pretty much the same tactics as done in irak/afghanistan ) to push for a national `` identity '' that was n't there in the first place ( kosovan ) . 
  please correct me if i am wrong . 
  killing civilians to push an agenda is not a complicated topic , it is a crime and should not be accepted . 
  by bombing the fuck out of them ? 
  no thanks . 
  that is one hard to read data set . 
  a country that was artificially created by the world superpowers to keep their influence in the balkans in check . . yay !, 
  guess we 'll just have to agree to disagree then . 
  mate we are not talking about the human rights abuses after the annexation ( which are deplorable but we are talking about russia , what do you expect ? 
  ) , all i care about is whether or not the crimean referendum to join russia has a basis in reality ( which it has ) . 
  we 're not talking about deportations from 60 years ago , we 're not talking about the tatars , only about ukrainians and russians . 
  if you do n't want to understand that there is an undeniable will of the majority of people in crimea to unite with russia , shown by opinion polls , referendum results and demographics , then there is no way i can change your mind anymore so any further discussion is useless , nevermind the fact that you still have n't shown me a credible source which proves that russian military before the referendum threatened at gun point a huge chunk of the population , enough to change the vote from a 100 % to a 49 % . 
   why just 2009 ? 
  why not earlier ? 
  i thought that even if you went back to the 1991/1994 referendums , you could find a definite `` choice '' of the population for integration with russia . 
  so why 2009 , when the local population was decided way earlier ? 
  because the earliest poll i found was done in 2009 ? 
  i already showed you that referendums in 91 and 94 were in favor of more autonomy for crimea , what else do you want ? 
  you have 7 years of polls and they all point in 1 direction . 
   about the issue of russian guns being pointed or not , how about the presence of russian military there ? 
  from what i see that is a treaty done between ukraine and russia regarding navy presence in the black sea and use of military bases in crimea by russians that was signed by both parties , show me proof of russian military banging on people 's home doors and threatening to kill them if they did n't vote yes . 
  regarding the transnistria thing , i do n't think the situation is the same . 
  in crimea 's case you have a clear majority of russian population ( 65 % ) that is more than enough for the region to be pro russian without the need of russian government aid . 
  in transnistria ( 2004 ) the moldovan population was the most ( 31 % ) ukrainians ( 29 % ) and russians only 30.5 % , definitely not enough people to make the majority of the region russia-friendly , especially since ukrainians and moldovans are n't really that friendly towards russia so of course that in this case military presence or economic incetives are needed to keep the region russia-friendly , which is not the case in crimea and that russian military presence does n't prove anything by itself . 
   add to that context the historic ethnic cleansing the cleansing of tatars in 42-43 that has no impact on the situation of crimea today ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
   ussr military control there up until the ukrainian independence in 1991 i mean , as expected ? 
  ussr was an `` alliance '' of socialist states so having ussr troops is normal mate . 
   its continuation described in the articles above it 's no continuation ; it is not russia forcibly putting their military in crimea without ukraine 's knowledge , they signed a mutual treaty so your argument does n't make sense . 
   tatars mate we were talking about ukrainians , not tatars . 
  still , you did n't point to any other point of my argument , where is the proof of the population consistently being forced to unite with russia from 2009 at gunpoint ? 
   you could do well and scrap all the polling happening after the referendum . 
  let 's find out how much of that pre-and-post-referendums russian-leaning populace is russian-paid military , for starters , shall we . 
  sure mate , i guess i will then just scrap all of the polls made by numerous reputable sources because it does n't fit your view and ( completely unsourced ) theory because you said so !, 
  also , i showed you yearly polls from 2009-2011 , were all of those fake too ? 
  did russian military basically shadow infiltrate crimea since 2008 forcing people to vote in favor of leaving ukraine at gunpoint ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
   and , you know , how about not holding a referendum in a place where the population was historically subjected to thorough ethnic cleansing and population replacement , by - who would 've guessed it - russia . 
  what a shit argument completely void of reality . 
  a simple wikipedia search : ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea ) shows that from 1897 to 2001 ukrainians increased in number the only drop being from 2001-2014 but again , russia only annexed crimea in 2014 , how could they have forcibly moved 200.000 people in such a short space of time ? 
  looking at the demographics of crimea on wikipedia since 1897 the number of ukrainians has slowly increased from 11 % to 26 % at peak in 1989 while the numbers of russians has skyrocketed from 33 % to 65 % so it does n't seem relevant , as even at peak nr . 
  of ukrainians ( 26 % ) the number of russians was 67 %, 
  mate considering the fact that there were two other polls done in 2014 and 2015 after the referendum that both confirmed the will of crimean people to join russia ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/#67caaaab5951 ) furthermore , yearly pools ( as shown on wikipedia ) show that in throught 2009-2011 the majority of people ( over 65 % ) were in favor while only 9-15 % were against . 
  how about this one right before the referendum from the crimean institute of political and sociological research that shows 77 % in favor of joining russia ? 
  were all those also rigged for all these years ? 
  look , i found another one from pew research after the referendum that says that the majority of crimeans want to leave ukraine : http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/08/chapter-1-ukraine-desire-for-unity-amid-worries-about-political-leadership-ethnic-conflict/ , 88 % of crimeans said that kiev should accept the result of the referendum . 
  and the fact that in both the 91 and 94 referendums they voted for increased autonomy point into the direction of at least an independent crimea or joining russia , so you surely ca n't believe that they wanted to remain in ukraine but were all forced at gunpoint ? 
  i showed you a bunch of polls and research from 91 to before and after the referendum and they all point consistently in the same direction , i could only find one that showed otherwise from gallup : http://www.iri.org/sites/default/files/2013%20october%207%20survey%20of%20crimean%20public%20opinion,%20may%2016-30,%202013.pdf with the exception of this one , all of the others are well above 50 % in favor of leaving ukraine so a case can surely be made for crimea joining russia . 
  since over 65 % of the population is russian i hardly believe that over 50 % of the votes were influenced . 
  hello , my question would be how can a political party that recieved 15 % ( i think ? ), 
  support not have a government program ahead of the election because , quoting clotilde armand , `` we knew we were n't going to govern anyway '' ? 
  to me it seems like a very sloppy think to say/do considering the fact that usr claims to be the `` savior '' of romanian politics ? 
  not by military intervention for sure but if you have a referendum to unite with russia that has basically 100 % support you ca n't deny that a border redraw might be needed , the russians `` forced '' the issue so to say . 
  so ukrainian that russians amount to 65 % of the populations while ukranians are 15 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_crimea, 
   lmao . 
  kys yep , no reason to talk to you then . 
  how about do n't let them come in ? 
  i do n't believe in the narrative they try to spin but i do believe in the fact that the story itself is true , the way they interpret it is biased . 
  what sea are you talking about mate , no one is talking about the aegean sea . 
  i was saying that if it were n't for germany pressuring italy/greece they would n't let people that come by boat into the contry . 
  so they have millions of followers based on creating completely false news out of thin air ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  anyway i found another source see another reply above . 
   in order to stop greece and italy breaking down under the load . 
  italy and greece have been vehemently against letting millions of refugees in their country and i think they would have surely taken measures to not let so many people in had it not been for german pressure in the first place . 
   since voluntary departure is the only way if a ) you ca n't figure out their country of origin or b ) their country of origin wo n't take them back . 
  great then , so in the first case you are saying that the german government takes people in their country without having any idea about who they are and the second option is irrelevant if they were n't going to take them in the first place anyway . 
  see my post to u/crustedlamb, 
  see my post to u/crustedlamb, 
  so they are letting them come into the country without making a full background check on them and once they do it and realise that they should n't be in the country they want them to leave by paying them ? 
  i 'd say it is much cheaper to not let them come into the country in the first place if you 're going to throw them out anyway . 
  so their official policy is that they take in migrants and then pay them to leave the country ? 
  ok , the first time it was really funny , the second time kinda , whatever , but now it just gets boring , they are basically repeating the same lines over and over . 
   debatable i do n't think so judging by the amount of bbc ( and generally pro-eu ) content on this sub compared to pro-russian  very dependend on the definition of propaganda fair enough , even though personally i think that the propaganda that is n't so outright outrageous like rt has is much less dangerous that the subtle propaganda that relies on the distortion of reality without necessarily being factually incorrect that the likes of bbc publish . 
  but we 're talking about amounts on propaganda on reddit and , since rt is ( i think ) banned we surely have more british propaganda here than russian . 
  did n't say they are worse but saying that bbc is n't trying to push the british government 's narrative is just as ridiculous, 
  may i know why ? 
  maybe the fact that there are by far more bbc news articles than rt on this sub ? 
  true but i do n't think there is any place anymore on the internet ( or real world tbh ) where you are n't bombarded with such things , nothing we can do . 
  as long as it remains the european union , i 'm fine with it . 
  maybe but at least they were related to something that does impact us , a sensationalist photo is n't . 
  i mean , it 's not like there is a huge problem or something but if you already have subs that are dedicated to this type of things like r/pics or r/politics why bring it over here if there is no direct correlation ? 
  i would argue that this photo does nothing but sensationalize his rhetoric without showing an objective outlook over what he is doing , and i personally ca n't see how him chopping off the statue of liberty is a sign of his perception over the eu , unless one thinks that he is some sort of demonic dictator that wants to crush democracy world-wide . 
   provides me with information about other european countries because , since i 'm not already assuming everyone in europe disliskes trump , this lets me know more about who does and who does n't . 
  i agree that it does offer an insight over what people in europe think about him but i would argue that this post does nothing but , again , spur up sensationalist/undocumented views spanning multiple topics without a focus . 
  instead of having such a post , why not a post of a policy that directly impacts europe where people can post their views regarding that specific event , thus resulting in a better conversation overall ?
