  maybe it could even help us a bit with the huge issue of brain-drain that 's been going on due to how easy it is to settle in another eu country . 
  i personally am pro-eu , but in its current state it feels more like only one country really profiting ( germany ) and a lot of other countries getting the short stick . 
  there either needs to be a strict reform , or it will suffer the consequences . 
  highly debateable , but either way , it is their right to vote for who they think will be of benefit to them , not to us . 
  why would you need to worry about what french people decide in which direction they want to steer their country towards ? 
  this looks like it will be a pretty close election , unlike what many people will try to tell you . 
   do you think they pay well to a phd student ? 
  much better than a plumber would be paid i 'm pretty sure . 
   i went to university because i wanted to do something interesting and meaningful . 
  gender studies can easily be that . 
  something interesting and meaningful that will also help you get a career in the field you are interested in . 
  gender studies does not help you at that . 
  well if they had it in them to fight countless wars from lybia to afghanistan or syria , surely they can fight for finland too ? 
  plus it 's not about what the population wants , it 's about what the government deems necessary to maintain their hegemony . 
  and you think the usa will just let them invade finland ? 
  - a good starting position to invade the other nordic countries in case of future war - a much bigger naval base to control the baltic sea - raw resources - contesting the usa sphere of influence in the nordic and baltic region i can go on but you get the idea . 
  do you really think that if russia invaded finland the usa or nato in general would n't intervene ? 
  no , they are just a way to get the required knowledge to reach a higher education , which in turn brings better job opportunities . 
  if you think that most of the people go to university for the pleasure of learning and not because this way they have a much higher chance of getting a well-paid job in a field then i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  of course some people go to uni to further their interest in a field but those are in the vast minority . 
  feel free to leave an argument or something and then we 'll talk , you bring nothing to the discussion and , i 'd say , you are just being ignorant yourself . 
   why are you so offended ? 
  seems to me like he drew that out of thin air , disagreeing with something does n't automatically mean that i am `` offended '' by it . 
  annoyed ? 
  maybe . 
  disheartened ? 
  could be . 
  offended ? 
  neah . 
   no but in many places currently regarded as being the most ` forward ' ( for want of a more suitable term ) , the debate ( barring those citing the bible ) has been settled . 
  i do n't know what you are smoking mate , but there has been nothing settled . 
  just recently there was a huge pro-life rally in the usa and in romania . 
  houndreds of thousands of people . 
  just because most 1st world governments agreed to allow abortion does n't mean that the debate is `` over '' , and , with all due respect , i think neither of us has the expertise to call such a complex issue `` easy '' , `` over '' or `` clearly debunked '' . 
   http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-38978661 thx for the link , ill check it out later . 
   but if that is the attitude you will take then it is clear that you will just deny other cases . 
  if you keep brining only the most extreme cases that are clearly the outlier , and not the rule then yes , i will continue to say that they are an outlier and not the norm , what is your point ? 
   look up how rape is treated in many countries , how a woman who has been raped can find herself without any help from the police or anyone else . 
  how is raped treated in other countries ? 
  25 years of jailtime ? 
  is that too little ? 
  i can make literally the same argument for men being wrongfully accused of rape and who had their whole lives destroyed ( fired from the workplace , removed from the university ) without any actual proof but the woman 's word , and even if he goes to court and is found guilty his life is basically over , what argument are you trying to make ? 
  how about women being favorites in child custody cases ? 
  is that the patriarchy at work too ? 
  yes , it is hard to prove a rape , but what can judges do , condemn people without enough evidence ? 
  what can the police do if there is no clear proof ? 
  or you think that there have been rapists who have gotten away with it in spite of conclusive evidence that shows that they did it but the judge ordered for him to not be punished because women are inferior ? 
   so as long as everything is fine in the law then there ca n't be any issue ? 
  how naive . 
  yes ? 
  that 's the whole fucking point . 
  if you argue that any rights are being actively surpressed by the government then you have to show me a law or something which clearly shows that , what is so hard to understand ? 
  all you 've shown until now are , again , either debateable points or outlandish events that in no way show that we live in a society in which women rights are infringed . 
  for something to be a norm in a society there either need to be a written law regarding it or you need to have the majority of people/companies adhering to this norm . 
  from what i know , the government has n't restricted any laws for women and we do n't have over 50 % ( hell , i hardly believe we have over 10 % ) of people thinking that women are inferior and should have their rights stripped away . 
  there is a difference between something that has been proven using statistical evidence and data ( climate change ) and an imaginary opression that simply does not exist ( at a state or societal level ) like the `` opression of women '' in 1st world coutries . 
  you want to have your little feminist corner ? 
  cool , but i am not okay with paying for it with my tax money . 
   which has been resolved by now , the science is clear and the arguments have been made . 
  this is not nearly as contentious as you might think . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  what arguments have been made definitively ? 
  what is not so contentious ? 
  did i miss the talk when all of the most prestigious philosophers/scientists got toghether and decided that abortion is legal/moral ? 
  are you really downplaying the whole philosophical debate regarding abortion to suit your side of the debate ? 
  you do realize that there are millions of people who are against abortion and your `` science '' arguments ( which are not even conclusive ) have no bearing if you are killing a future human being since we 're also talking about morality , right ? 
   there was also a case in the uk where a woman was denied divorce , effectively held a legal prisoner in a marriage against her consent . 
  i did not adress it since i have no knowledge of the story , if you can post it for me i 'd be grateful . 
  but something tells me that there is another side to the story and she was n't denied divorce because of the `` patriarchy '' , or because women rights are not respected . 
   these are just examples , there are others and you have likely heard of them . 
  to pretend there are no issues is ridiculous . 
  no , that 's the whole point . 
  all of your examples are either so unique and outlandish ( like the divorce one ) or so morally questionable ( like the divorce one ) that you ca n't take those few and then say : `` oh well , women rights are clearly violated ! '', 
  show me a law that is discriminatory to women and women only and then we 'll talk . 
  show me consistent favoritism of men instead of women in a country that is known and encouraged by the government and then we 'll see . 
   like the fact that in some places ( do n't know how many ) tampons and other hygiene products have extra tax added because they are classed as `` luxury items '' ca n't comment on that since it 's not happening in romania , but i highly doubt that it 's happening in hungary either . 
   then there is the matter of abortion rights . 
  there was also a case in the uk where a woman was denied divorce abortion `` rights '' is a highly contested topic that is not just about the woman 's rights , it 's also about the unborn children 's rights and there 's a whole debacle about the morality of abortion that i wo n't get into right now . 
  so none of those are actual rights being denied , taxing tampons is shady but to my knowledge it 's not happening in hungary and i also do n't think there is a written right in the constitution that says that tampons ca n't be treated like luxury items ( even though i agree that it 's shady ) , while the abortion thing is a whole moral debate that is not only about the woman , but also the child 's rights . 
  sure i do , please give me some examples . 
  nope , i think we disagree on the quality of the things taught at such courses . 
  i , for one , believe that they do n't actually teach things based on reality , just as i do n't believe that the feminist movement has any use in today 's first world countries . 
  again , even if i were to agree with your premise , i just ca n't see any reason why such courses should be taught at a university since it clearly promotes an agenda . 
  good for them , i am not arguing that we should close it all down if they want such things as long as it does n't pour into other filelds ( which it sadly does , just look at the state of us universities ) , however it should be made clear that such things are not useful in the long run . 
  i 'd argue that 90 % of the students who go to uni go there for the purpose of a future job , if you do n't think so we 'll have to agree to disagree then . 
   i 've seen no indication of putin withdrawing from eastern ukraine , giving back crimea or stopping fucking with georgia . 
  he will never do it , no matter how many sanctions you put in place though . 
  crimea will probably never come back to ukraine . 
  yet , you ca n't compare someone like ukraine/georgia to baltics/finland . 
  first of all , those countries are pretty much isolated from the other great powers and do n't have the means to resist russian pressure . 
  that simply is n't the case for the baltics or finland and that 's why russia has n't tried to attack , they are only trying to control their direct sphere of influence . 
   i fear we will pay heavily for it if putin continues his ways . 
  cmon mate , there is no way putin will invade finland without usa intervention anyway , it is too geopolitically important . 
  as for the whole usa and nato , as i 've said , i think we can deal with russia with our ( eu ) effort combined , we have more firepower than them . 
   depends on where you want to work or what you want to do after getting a degree . 
  if you want to work in ngos that deal with abused women then a gender studies degree is much more useful than an engineering one , do n't you think ? 
  true , but again , usually working in a ngo is n't something that you need a diploma for , you can start as a volunteer and work your way up , no need to pay a ton of cash for it . 
  still , i do n't see how a gender studies diploma is going to help you out for it ? 
   were n't you just saying that degrees like gender studies are useless for getting a high-paying job ? 
  then why do people still get those degrees ?
