  because that think that any diploma is better than no diploma , except this diploma is not going to actually be useful . 
   why not just close philosophy and literature departments in all universities , because surely , people will not want to go there since they wo n't get a high-paying job . 
  philosophy and literature actually teach you relevant information and critical thinking and your only potential job after finishing such a lecture is n't just `` activist '' . 
  do you believe that `` gender studies '' and `` communism and gender '' actually expand your mind and help critical thinking ? 
  i 'd argue that they are nothing but spreading an agenda to people who do n't know better . 
   seeing how well we 've handled the situations in georgia and ukraine so far well we did pretty much everything we could except an invasion , what else do you want ? 
  as i 've said their economy is broken due to the sanctions already . 
   also , usa has the strongest military on earth and several times more nuclear weapons than rest of nato combined . 
  and that 's why it feels like nato is nothing but a branch of american imperialism , as i 've said . 
   also now that britain is out potential eu army is much more weaker than it could have been . 
  true , bot our troops together + manpower combined is still bigger than russia 's ( but we lack in coordonation though ) . 
   why are you so offended ? 
  not at all , how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  stop using buzzwords just for the sake of feeling good . 
   if someone wants to study feminist dance theory instead of whatever you think they should study why do you care ? 
  i care because these things then pour into other domains at the uni , just go look at what uni . 
  in the usa have become , where they now take points away from you if you do n't use a `` gender neutral '' pronoun or other complete fabled bullshit . 
  i care because i actually want people to not be fooled into taking a useless degree and wasting their time on something that will prove useless . 
   according to you they are shooting themselves on the foot . 
  so we should just let them do it then ? 
  if they want to waste their money and time then fine , good for them , but it is my right ( and i 'd say my duty as a concerned citizen ) to make sure that people understand that such degrees are a waste of money . 
  yes . 
  you are learning ( more like being indoctrinated ) in a field that has no use when you try to get a job . 
  you go and give your potential employer a gender studies diploma and go see where that gets you . 
  it is bad because a university should teach you skills relevant to future work , not `` communism and gender : historical and global perspectives '' , because that will not help you get a higher salary . 
  my problem is that the students who take such classes waste their time and money for a useless degree instead of learning something that is actually useful . 
  i 'd say that a european army would have no problem dealing with russian agression . 
  our sanctions have pretty much already broken their economy anyway . 
   reason for universities to exist was to spread knowledge not only to get a piece of paper to show to your employer . 
  yes . 
  advanced knowledge in a certain field to excel in a domain , like computer science for programmers , physics for engineers and so forth . 
  gender studies is not something that will help you when you show your degree to a potential employer . 
  a university is a business . 
  you pay them to teach you so you wo n't become a plumber or the like . 
  getting a degree in gender studies is basically wasting years and tens of thousands of dollars for `` knowledge '' ( i 'd argue it is more like indoctrination but whatever ) that has no use in the real world . 
  if uni . 
  degrees were n't used to get a higher paying job trust me , almost no one would go to it . 
  if you want to pay tens of thousands of dollars to learn something that has no use in the work place then i ca n't say anything else , but it does n't change the fact that 90 % of people who go to university go to learn something to get a better wage later on . 
  nato was necessary in 1945 to stop the soviets from taking over all of europe . 
  nowadays it is nothing but a branch of american imperialism that should be replaced with a eu defense military . 
   gay citizens disappearing  chechnya yeah why am i not surprised ? 
  illuminate us on how are these studies going to help in future paid work ? 
  i urge you to take a degree in gender studies and try to find a workplace that pays well . 
  please , go on . 
  universities are a place of higher learning that focus on preparing students for high-skilled jobs , not to indulge your fantasy world . 
  reminder that reddit is a liberal circlejerk echo chamber so of course such things happen . 
  the reality is that there clearly is tension between those two countries . 
  maybe he puts too much meaning into it because this sub is currently filled with like-minded comics and has a clear anti-brexit agenda without too many rational arguments and facts . 
   it means being rational and using facts to base your opinion on . 
  do you believe that this comics is using facts and rationale to showcase why the eu is good ? 
  can we slow down with the fucking comics ? 
  i 'm tired of seeing the same ( shitty and uninsightful ) posts disguised as a `` comic '' every single time some drama happens ? 
  there are like 3 brexit comics + newspaper pages and whatever all on the front page , it 's too much . 
  probably , yes . 
  if you mean criminals as in murderers and drug dealers then no , but if you consider beggars criminals then yes . 
  most of the gypsies are beggars , not killers . 
  affirming the truth is not xenophobia mate , i know this happens first-hand . 
  last time i checked , 60-70 % of the black population did n't live a life completely remote from common decency and respecting the law . 
   but hey , gypsies are robbers , amirite ? 
  not all of them , just the vast majority . 
  and not just robbers , beggars , drug dealers and other such things too . 
  funny how they could n't present the `` facts '' the first time around but now suddenly they will . 
  well you said that `` essentially , he thinks they should become `` us '' . '', 
  which i thought you meant that they should completely abandon their culture and whatnot and esentially become romanians , which i said that not necessarily , let them keep their values/way of life but as long as they respect common decency laws , i do n't want them to become just like us . 
  ( maybe there was a misunderstanding from my part ) damn / u/spanvolia , you called it !, 
   french gypsies came to your country and caused problems there ? 
  probably very few since stealing and begging in romania does n't give them anywhere near as much profit as it does from , say , denmark or england . 
   1 / what basic laws are n't they respecting ? 
  not a `` law '' per se , it 's more like common good manners ; we 're talking about washing yourself , not begging or stealing ( yes , romanians also steal but the gypsy population does it at a muuuch higher percentage of the population ) , buying a goddamn ticket when you get on a bus and respecting the law . 
   2 / in france any town , city with over 5000 people must provide space in case gypsies with caravans want to pass through and stay a bit , like travellers do . 
  not saying all towns and cities respect this law but it exists and a lot do . 
  also social housing is up to snuff . 
  so i 'm confused here . 
  romania tried nothing and they ran out of ideas on how to deal with the roma problem ? 
  we ca n't afford such things and from what i know your governments are paying gypsies to leave the country . 
  so you believe washing yourself , stop stealing and acting like primitives and have some basic common decency is transforming them to become `` us '' ? 
  they should not become just like us . 
  i do n't care if they have their own culture and clothing and whatnot . 
  my problem is that if you ca n't respect basic common sense ( like not smelling like shit , listening to music from your phone out loud in a bus , send your children in droves to beg on the streets and steal purses and cars , or start insulting and shouting for no goddamn reason ) then for all i care there is no place for you in our society . 
  there is n't . 
  if they wo n't adhere to basic laws then they should n't expect to have a `` place '' in our cities . 
  that 's just a typical exageration of the situation in sweden but to the other extreme . 
  yes , sweden has fallen off a bit in some rankings but it is definitely nowhere near being third world . 
  yeah except of all the polls from 1990 's to 2016 who say otherwise ... 
  it 's funny how when asked how many russian agents there are he said around 500-800 but he did not know of any american ones . 
   i followed the events in cologne closely , where it could be seen how beautifully the whole thing was built up . 
  excuse me , is this guy downplaying the events in cologne ? 
   emphasising that the german or western authorities and the media are attempting to cover up these crimes . 
  and they are n't ? 
  goddamn imperialists !, 
  kinda suprised about only 36 % in bulgaria ? 
  it is mate . 
  to me this feels like a cheap attempt from the leaders of turkey and netherlands to gather some support fast , one due to the referendum and the other due to the political elections . 
  i meant craiova group : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/craiova_group right now it is pretty much nothing but an informal arrangement but that 's why i said we should build up on it . 
  god i so much hope that we can build up on the craiova treaty and establish strong relations with bulgaria and serbia asap , we ca n't afford being left alone or treated like a commodity anymore . 
  the fact that such a headline is news shows how fucked sweden is with it 's treatment of refugees who break the law . 
   they made it russian using ethnic cleansing in the 40s they did n't ( russian was already a majority in the 20s )  and it does n't make it `` rightful russian territory '' . 
  but it makes it `` rightful ukrainian territory '' how ? 
   it does n't . 
  whew boy you sure convinced me !,
