  `` majority '' of americans also though that trump is literally hitler , no thanks politico . 
  finally some proof . 
  still , from what i see the mod was removed ( because of this post maybe , i do n't know ) so they are clearly against such posts . 
   if that 's not enough to say `` t_d is racist '' due to whatever reason ( including modlist is different , that was just one mod etc etc ) , then i will say equivalently say `` islam is not necessarily statistically more violent '' . 
  you can say that all you want , but since this guys was clearly removed from the modlist due to his actions it means that the majority of mods on t_d do not endorse such views , else they would n't ban him . 
  still , what you are trying to argue is that t_d as a whole is racist , which is not true just because of a mod going full-on racist and getting banned for it , and just as more terrorists coming from islamic backgrounds does not mean that all followers of islam are terrorists , that 's not what i am trying to argue . 
  i am arguing that islam , compared to other religions , is statistically more violent , the same way as t_d , compared to other subs , is also more prone to retardness , does n't mean that all followers of those things are so too . 
  also , lastly , the original point was reffering to t_d followers coming to this thread and spewing racist comments which i have n't seen , not to reddit as a whole . 
  edit : and by the way , after seeing the comments from your post ( the other one , not the archived one ) this seems more and more like a hit-piece by one of the mods than the view of the subreddit as a whole . 
  top comments say : `` this is a terrible idea . 
  '' , `` yeah what the fuck is this '' , `` i 'm not on board with this one '' so claiming that all of t_d was behind this post seems kinda disingenuous . 
  still , the fact that there are people on board with such a post is disgusting . 
  cool story bro . 
   so you 're basically ignoring my point that the t_d 's ignorance of his crimes is basically racist in itself ? 
  it is not . 
  no matter how much you try to spin it td is not endorsing racism or promoting it . 
  just because they support trump , who is in your opinion racist , does n't mean that they are racists . 
   same point . 
  bad save lol . 
  what ?? 
   how about you tell me what on points you agree with him and and on which points you do n't ? 
  i do n't agree with him regarding climate-change , the immigration ban , the ( efficiency ) of building a wall ( we 'll have to wait and see ) . 
   lul that 's classic bait right here . 
  actually i just wanted to call you overemotional myself , i mean who has been trying to defend their racist cesspool sub for like 10 responses ? 
  try being more rational , otherwise i 'd say this discussion is over . 
  whatever mate , let 's just end the discussion right here since it 's pretty clear that nothing either of us can say will change our minds . 
  i made a fucking point , people have argued against my point , i argued back . 
  just because i posted 10 replies does not mean shit . 
  it is not alright . 
  you have still not shown me a single shred of racism being endorsed in t_d ( which was the original fucking point of the argument ) , all you have done is switch goalpoasts to my post history then arguments about the ban and other shit . 
  so i will ask once again , and it 's the last time : show me proof of racism endorsed on t_d . 
  if you ca n't , you have been lying and promoting a false narrative this whole time . 
  i 'll be waiting . 
  10/10 trolling mate , try again . 
  dude . 
  i am not saying that the muslim terror attacks are representative for the whole population , what are you even talking about . 
  i am comparing muslim to christian terrorist attacks ( or any other fucking religion for that reason ) . 
  if you do n't believe that there have been way more terrorist attacks in islam compared to other countries then we 'll just have to agree to disagree , fuck this shit . 
  kappa , thanks for bringing nothing insightful to the discussion . 
  i 'd say that you are the one spouting shit here but w/e . 
  cool, 
  um , let 's think about it ... ok i got some !, 
  9/11 , the numerous bombings , rapes , killings and attacks in europe , the isis wars , afghanistan , syria , irak , libya , somalia . 
  there is an isis killing daily , what are you even talking about ? 
  whatever mate , for all i care this discussion is over until you can find me one racist post/comment on t_d . 
  if you ca n't it 's over , there 's nothing to discuss . 
   how is holding trump to a high standard racist ? 
  was reffering to trump supporters . 
   i like how you compared trump to hitler without me comparing them neah , you just compared him to a dictator and i thought hitler would be fitting since this is the new craze . 
   here i 'll explain it to you ( again ) : there are two ways to dehumanize a person , glorification and demonization . 
  dehumanizing someone makes you unable to objectively criticize said person . 
  elevating someone above all forms of criticism is the main tool of propaganda . 
  great to agree . 
  in that case , subs like td are spreading propaganda by elevation while r/politics and 90 % of the mainstream media spread propaganda by demonization/dehumanization . 
   basically you folks are willingly ignoring all the fucked up shit donald did and is doing . 
  great generalization mate , you realize you are not talking to an entire class of people mate , i do have some things i disagree with him on but whatever , you keep banging your drum . 
   why do n't you try to inform yourself about your president and hold him up to the same standard as you do with obama , haha ? 
  you realize this is no a fucking contest , right ? 
  you seem overly-emotional . 
  you refuted nothing , i just said that i do n't agree with the ban , i just explained a possible reason why trump did it . 
   and here i thought that muslims have a much higher chance of promoting violence if it serves in their interest and they do n't ? 
  check some stats between muslim religious-motivated crime and christian . 
  still , i did not say that they are all criminals . 
  muslims : not all criminals , much higher chance of religious motivated crime = possible logic for an immigration ban from those 6 countries ( which i do n't agree with ) what is so hard to understand ? 
  and where did i say that only terrorists follow islam ? 
  elaborate on that and what is hypocritical in my statement ? 
  edit : actually i do n't think you can , being someone who likes to takes stuff out of context and ignore vital information to benefit its agenda . 
   fine , you make me go on that trash sub . 
  the most obvious point and the only one i will mention because i do n't want to sit here all evening , is the blind glorification of trump and by contrast the demonization of obama / hillary etc. 
  literally not racist ??? 
  how is holding trump to a high standard ( stupid thing but whatever ) racist mate ? 
   )  first off , this list right here should be glued to the top of the sub . 
  if you accept someone as your leader , they should welcome criticism and their people should show a willingness to for debate . 
  truly neutral debate , that means if hillary gets a media shit storm for using an unsafe email server , donald does n't deserve less . 
  yeah so you post to march against trump , nice . 
  maybe the guys who support trump do n't think that he is racist so that 's why claiming that they are racist for supporting someone you think is racist ( while they do n't ) is not racist . 
   assuming that someone is infallible and untouchable by negative criticism , elevates them to dictator status , not president . 
  muh `` trump is literally hitler '' . 
  what a sad dictaorship is that in which the `` dictator '' is smeared 24/7 by 90 % of the media . 
  still , thanks for proving my point . 
  you could n't ( or did n't ) find anything racist in t_d . 
  that 's all i wanted to know . 
   i 'm happy to be throwing hypothetical claims and dubious statistics just like my friends on the other side of the political spectrum are . 
  except i do n't like it , that 's why my original reply was asking for the op to show some proof of antisemitic posts coming from t_d ( in spite of t_d sucking off israel not that long ago )  if you want me to start `` t_disjustacirclejerk.com '' and give it instant validity , along the lines of the go-to website of bigots everywhere i 'll be delighted to . 
  do what you want , i do n't care . 
   just refuting your claim that `` do n't judge the whole group by the actions of a few '' . 
  how exactly ? 
   are you seriously trying to argue that t_d is n't much more prone to brigading and general hate speech than any other sub its size on reddit ? 
  ok let 's take it as it is : t_d is a political sub and it should only be compared to other political subs , since it is more prone to drama/conflicts than a normal sub . 
  of course that askhistorians wo n't cause so much argument . 
  let 's compare it to r/politics or the likes then . 
   do you read the stuff that gets up-voted there yes , typical right-wing circlejerking and anti-left posts , what of it ? 
   do you read the other subs that are the target of their efforts ? 
  yes , i do indeed read r/politics and i can safely say that in my opinion it is just as cancerous , if not even more , than t_d . 
   even if it was n't more prone than any other sub , the fact that it 's so large means that it would still be a problem . 
  of course that a large sub is going to attract more `` bad people '' , there is no fix to this . 
   it may only be a small percentage of the users who are the most active , but unlike a sub like say askhistorians where it 's also true that a small percentage of the users are generating most of the highly up-voted content , it 's not honest to compare t_d to askhistorians . 
   the particular type of activity that the most active users on t_d are involved in is n't productive for reddit as a whole . 
  actually it is . 
  it attracts a shit ton of traffic .
