  the way it is , this topic has already spurred up a lost of circlejerks and low-quality arguments . 
  the acts themselves are n't fascist/authoritarian but i think that the group that perpetuated them ( antifa ) certainly is , more like anarcho-commie-authoritarian . 
  yes but this is not an objective post regarding a us policy or anything , it is just a circlejerk that offers no additional insight into the discussion . 
  it is not fascism but those `` protests '' were n't protests , they were riots . 
  you have people burning cars , beating other people unconscious and damaging propriety . 
  that 's no longer a protest . 
  and it can be considered fascism because they are actively trying to censor free speech by resorting to violence , even though it is more like authoritarian . 
   him booting out the attorney general after refusing to do her job and openly defying his employer 's order *, 
  i 'd personally love it if we did n't turn this subreddit into one talking about us politics , there are many subreddits infested with this that should n't be about us politics anyway as it is . 
  edit : to the guys that say that us politics can influence europe , i totally agree . 
  however , in this case the post does not talk about a policy or something that can influence us , it is just another anti-trump circlejerking picture that has nothing to do with what this sub is for . 
   alt right reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  yeah it would have been great if there was another color specifically for poland if he did one for japan . 
  is n't the polish-russian war during this time period too ? 
  as i 've said , i do not consider sites like rt and sputnik to be `` fake news '' but news outlets that spin the reality in their favor and i do n't think that the correct approach towards them is a ban . 
  as for this link that you 've given me i 'll check it out tomorrow , kinda tired right now . 
  mate i am not challenging anything to be false . 
  all i ask is for you to point me to an article or anything that is sponsored by the russian state and which spreads objectively false information , so far i have n't seen one . 
  i am asking because i 'd like to have some concrete examples of these russian-government paid objectively fake news outlets , since i do n't know of any sites that publish objectively false news information that can be traced back to the russian government . 
  the only one i know of is rt and , as i said , they do publish legit news with a favorable spin for their cause and not objectively wrong news . 
   i think russia has a tremendous hostile disinformation machine so what are these alleged russian disinformation machines ? 
  the only one i know is rt , which does not hide at all the fact that it is sponsored by the russian state . 
  can you cite courses that link these many `` fake organisations '' directly to the russian government ? 
  i was more talking about sites like rt or breitbart that are legit news sites that have a different narrative ( they do report facts , they just distort reality to fit their narrative - again , the same way all news sites and people , after all , do ) rather than about those sites literally field with objective lies . 
  still , if people were a bit more careful and checked multiple sources we would n't be in this situation . 
  this whole battle against `` fake news '' feels like the government trying to cure the effects ( while indirectly attacking russia ) by banning those sites instead of going for the disease ( people not informing themselves ) . 
  why not make a campaign that tells people to better inform themselves from multiple sources ? 
  true . 
  i think that this whole `` fake news '' is a phenomenon that was basically born from the failing in numbers mainstream media in order to get some of their audience back by discrediting the reputation of other news sites . 
  by the way , i find it interesting how nobody was talking about fake news ( definitely not as much at least ) before the us elections , almost as if all mainstream media chose to use this term to discredit their competition ... 
   what do you have against calling out liars ? 
  nothing against calling them out but i do not like when these posts get shut down/censored ( goggle just stripped away advertising rights from a lot of `` fake news '' sites just recently ) and the government telling me what is or is n't fake news , as if censoring is allowed , or even endorsed , by the public what stops them from going further ? 
  fine them if they break the law ? 
  sure . 
  but closing them down just because they tell `` lies '' ( which are just distortions of the narrative to fit their own agenda-something that everybody does ) is not something that i support . 
  how about the eu invests more in education across the board so people do n't fall into believing everything without concrete proof instead of targeting this `` fake news '' ? 
  and you believe that the reason for these stats is state opression of women and laws that specifically benefit men and discriminate against women , or are these stats because of the life choices that women make ( such as taking care of their kids instead of pursuing high positions in companies ) ? 
  just showing me some stats is not enough mate , you must also interpret those stats . 
  such a surprise that countries in which women and men actually have equal rights are also the most supportive of equal rights . . what a coincidence !, 
  ** removekarling **, 
  in romania it is common practice , being one of the most religious countries in europe and shit . 
  got a source for that ? 
  best eu4 military ruler hands-down !, 
  i do n't know why people on this sube still assume russian `` threat '' as a real possibility still ... they are far outnumbered both in terms of army , navy ( aprox 2 times less than nato i think ? ), 
  and planes . 
  yet you can still see every god damned day a fear-mongering article from the baltics ... 
  well , as other people have said , crimea is de jure russian territory , most people living there are russian and they did vote to join russia but saying that putin annexed crimea for humanitarian reasons is stupid , it was clearly a military judgement due to crimea being a very important strategic point in the area . 
  would you say the same thing if it happened to you ? 
  how will scotland react ? 
  will they have a vote to leave the uk ? 
  so smug . 
  thank you facebook for teaching me what news i should read and what is considered fake or not . 
  they are in the same culture group , same religion and have been allied historically . 
  russia is also one of the major countries who does n't recognise kosovo . 
  why would they not be friendly towards russia if it is a mutual benefit alliance ? 
  well , they are . 
   not to mention articles about russian topics in online newspapers . 
  they are heavily brigaded . 
  the comment sections are a joke by now . 
  and seeing breitbart and co 's new found interest in the eu and germany does n't help either . 
  my facebook feed is already often filled with information from the three sites i just mentioned . 
  it is becoming obvious that the angle they are pushing : `` do n't trust you i media , read our alternative point of view '' is paying off . 
  from what i understand here you are mad that your facebook post is full of rt/breitbart news but since you wont ignore/unfollow/unfriend the people who post them it makes sense to me that you are arguing in favor of banning them . 
   bbc is a biased news site . 
  lenta.ru is a biased news site . 
  ok , and your point is ? 
   rt , sputnik and co. are sites that target a certain audience in foreign countries . 
  and you think the bbc does n't ? 
  they are n't supposed to be anything . 
  they are directly founded by the russian government so of course that their info will be biased towards russian interests , your argument also applies by this logic to stuff like the bbc , should we ban that too ? 
  i mean why the hell would they push pro eu nato propaganda ? 
  to be honest , the terrorist attacks are mostly in the eastern side/center of the country , i know a person who went to southern turkey right in the middle of the coup and everyone was chill , there was no terrorism . 
  ok but it just explains how the hacking was done it does n't have any proof about russia being behind it . 
  looks like we love everybody, 
  no he did n't . 
  unlike you , a beacon of intellectuality and political reasoning . 
  is n't the bbc also run by the british government ? 
  if so , you should also advocate the banning of bbc sine ( after brexit ) it will become a foreign propaganda `` machine '' . 
  cool , have n't heard this news since ... yesterday , i guess ? 
  except i merely just gave them as examples that i thought fit the subject discussed , not trying to spark a political discussion or defend anyone . 
  why would i ? 
  after all , we were talking about the way that people view world leaders in either black or white , and hillary is not a ruler . 
  but if you want to , sure , i can also give her as an example ; see `` hitlery clinton '' . 
  are you satisfied now ? 
  great , ca n't wait to see you on the frontlines . 
  well people tend to over-simplify rulers way too often , like `` putin is a maniac '' or `` trump is literally hitler '' without realising that in reality the situation is much more complex , and they are not lunatic maniacs but relatively calculated people . 
  fake news here , fake news there , fake news everywhere !, 
  the fucking media keeps trying to pile down our throats this idea of `` fake news '' , which is nothing else than news opposing their view . 
  ah i see , so i should only get my sources from the guardian , times etc , right ? 
  because it is sooo bad to want to read something with an opposing view . 
  ca n't understand why most people in this thread are angry with this . . it is a reputable news site with a different view compared to the other big sites , so what is the problem ? 
  i am sure you can then tell me some ways to '' convince '' the arab league , oic , and gcc to take refugees , right ? 
  and you are going to force them ... how ? 
  by invading them ?? 
  how does such a comment get so many upvotes i ca n't understand . 
  ah , the daily baltic fearmongering due to invisible russian aggression article . 
  because reddit/europe likes to fantasize about this type of nonsensical shit . 
  yup , everyone get your pitchforks ready , russia is definitely going to attack us !, 
  my point still stands ( unless you also do n't agree with the universal declaration of human rights either ? 
  ) : you ca n't blame someone for not respecting an international law while breaking it yourself .
