  holy shit man , do you guys listen to yourselves ? 
  you blame erdogan/trump/the ( philippines president ? ), 
  for their drastic methods and call for sanctions against them , yet if it affects you then you have no problem shooting people . 
  do you even realize what a shitstorm killing people for no reason would cause internationally ? 
  how can we call oureslves better then , let 's say , russia if we disrespect the basic rights of humans ? 
  see my comment to u/bobdole3 -2, 
  it is n't , however i dont think that it necessarily matters that he lost the popular vote . 
  of course , ideally he should have won both , but he was under no obligation to win the popular vote . 
  whether you belive the electoral college is good or not , they both agreed to take part in the election under the electoral college 's rules , so blaming the electoral college after the election seems kinda hypocritical . 
  to give an analogy , think of the voting system as a professional box match , and the difference between the electoral college and the popular vote is the ruleset of the match ; let 's say the only way to win in popular is to ko your opponent , while to win in electoral is to make the opponent bleed . 
  both of the fighters ( trump and hillary ) agreed with playing this `` game '' under the electoral college ruleset , and trump got `` first blood '' on her , but in the last moment hillary gave him an uppercut and ko 'd him . 
  now , under normal boxing rules , hillary would have won , but they were n't playing under those rules , which means that trump wins the fight , as they were playing under electoral college rules , so coming after the election to whine about the ruleset seems kinda hypocritical to me . 
  i see , then i suppose you can show me proof that he is in favor of totalitarism and against democracy , right ? 
  he said he wants to abolish the voting process and declare himself ruler for life , right ? 
  it 's funny how many call him anti democracy , yet he won the election in a democratic way . 
  holy shit man , point me to anything that said that trump called for assasinations or stop spreading bullshit . 
  the saddest part is the future that those kids will have , imagine how mentally deranged they will become later on in life with such parenting , they wo n't be able to fit into society . 
  ... because it is unnatural . 
  `` russia '' is it the government or just a random russian news agency ? 
  ca n't understand the language in the article , sorry . 
  it was an interesting idea that could have eased the tension in territories like transylvania , sadly it did not happen . 
  the problem is not how they come , it 's how we prevent them to leave . 
  no refugee wants to live in eastern europe , the government aid is simply nothing compared to that of germany . 
  so they go there , get money to leave , stay in eastern europe for 1/2 weeks then go back . 
  no , this is the definition of a shitpost . 
  r/europe is slowly becoming the new r/pics with low-quality shitposts , nice . 
  the uk has been increasingly draconian with their internet laws , from restricting access to porn , calling your employer if you post `` offensive '' pictures and messages to this . 
  insane stuff . 
  great . 
  each country should be modeled socially according to what the country 's population wants and deems good/acceptable/beneficial . 
  no i did n't imply that . 
  literally no one said that . 
  what a non statement . 
  the hungarian population brought their own culture to another territory , fully occupied it , became the majority population and assimilated the other smaller cultures to various degrees . 
  no one `` allowed '' them to , and im sure that if you were to `` ask '' the local avarian population they wouldnt have replaced their culture with theirs , they were conquered . 
  a hypotetical change of culture due to migrant flow is a completely different thing because it is done with the consent ( to a certain degree ) of the local population . 
  i see no reason why a hungarian would gladly give up their culture in this type of a scenario . 
  do n't worry , it will be reconstructed soon enough as the migrants are starting to replace the local population . 
  just another example of why we need a reform in the eu, 
  a.k.a real life karma whoring, 
  so if you are pro-european nationality you also have to be pro lbgtq community ? 
  top kek . 
  fine , i ' l rephrase : why is there an lgbt flag every singe time there is a movement for something that progressives fight for that has no relation with the lgbtq community ? 
  `` bad '' meaning people expressing views that you do n't agree with or ? 
  why is there an lgbt flag every singe time there is a movement for anything ? 
  and i literally told you why giving the usa as an example is bad . 
  they are one of the very few countries that actually do not have a national identity due to their colonial past . 
  however , even so , i 'd dare say that usa is based on western-european ( especially french , english and german ) influences , from traditions to religion and language . 
  again , your definition of nation/nationality is extrelemely `` new '' so to say and only applies to very few nations ( usa , canada , maybe mexico ? ), 
  so no , a nation is based on 1 . 
  nationality/race/ethnicity 2 . a common language and religion 3 . culture/traditions . 
  giving the usa as an example is funny since they are probably the first `` nation '' as you describe it and the 've been around for waaay less than some other nations . 
  i believe that a nation is fully dependant on the ethnicity of the people in it . 
  sure , people from other ethnic backgrounds are fine but the core of the nation can only be of ethnic nature , else there is no reason for the nation to exist . 
  yup . 
  i certainly feel like this picture represents what france looks like and strives towards . 
  as expected . 
  to note is the kinda bigger than usual amount of abstain votes ; people are kinda annoyed with the way things are going , but leaving the eu is not the solution . 
  true , i 'm afraid i wo n't have enough karma to feed my family today , got ta post more cat pictures . 
  of course , that 's why he put that subtle `` europe needs you '' in the title . 
   t_d 's involvement in your elections kek 'd hard . 
  edit : you can downvote all you want but as long as no one wants to explain how exactly did td influence the french election i am right . 
  sure you can , just try to focus . 
  going by that logic everyone can do anything , what is your point ? 
  they cant . 
  unless they want to make an act of war . 
  and why would they for such a trivial issue ? 
   host country may not enter the premises of the mission without permission of the represented country , even to put out a fire . 
  [ 11 ] international rules designate an attack on an embassy as an attack on the country it represents . 
  maybe , but they ca n't enter the premises of the embassy . 
  ca n't they just vote in the embassies and such ? 
  they are turkish territory . 
  if you really want to repeal gay marriage then put it up to vote . 
  who got offended ? 
  didnt have to include the not satire tag , considering the terrorist attacks that happened . 
  still , by that logic we should also issue a travel alert to the usa just because of cities like detroit or chiraq . 
   our move away from nationalism and towards a global community is a large part of what has allowed the time since the end of ww2 to be so relatively peaceful despite high tensions . 
  neah , i 'd say that 's much more due to the fact that two world powers going head to head with the threat of hsing nukes has made post ww2 more `` peaceful '' . 
  however , while there clearly were n't any `` big '' wars ( like two of the stronger militaries going head to head ) , the conflict has just moved towards 3rd parties , from south america to the balkans of middle east . 
  you just have that impression because you are ( probably ) living in europe and so you were n't exlosed to any wars near you . 
  well that 's not what i meant . 
  i did n't put the blame on anyone , for some reaon you asked me a bunch of questions to my original comment . 
  so you propose what ? 
  donno , why do you ask ? 
  vote for the opposition party . 
  if there is proof of foul play/corruption then protest . 
  if they try to violently stop the protests then riot . 
  the turkish people should not ignore the fact that their right to information is being slowly taken away . 
   makes sense . 
  we put troops close to their border , they put troops close to ours . 
   you skipped the first step . 
   what first step ? 
   invading and annexing a piece of ukraine ??? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  russia invading crimea is not `` the first step '' when talking about putting military near the eu-russian border , it goes back to the fall of the ussr . 
  nato has mobilized troops close to the russian border way before russia annexed crimea . 
  what first step ? 
  makes sense . 
  we put troops close to their border , they put troops close to ours . 
  i 'd much rather have them focus on the rampart increase of muslim extremist terror attacks .
