  traffic = money = productive business . 
   t_d 's mods have n't exactly acted in a coherent manner . 
  where ? 
  when ? 
  i can tell you that the mods of the other major default subs have n't either . 
   a normal sub does n't attract articles like this one . 
  http://www.vox.com/2016/5/21/11701482/donald-trump-subreddit-drama-europeans or this one : https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/what-is-rthedonald-donald-trump-subreddit yeah i 'm not going to read vox or vice , sorry . 
   we 're just concerned that they do n't self police very well . 
  they have literally done everything they can do to self police . 
  please post some possible policies that the mods can implement then . 
   and the whole idea that simply because there 's a rule that said do n't brigade in the sidebar does n't mean anything , in fact it 's somewhat damning . 
  it means something . 
  you brigade and you get caught = you get banned . 
  what else can they do ? 
   should be a hint that it 's endemic there and that it 's been raised by the admins . 
  and again , i think they have done pretty much all they can do to contain this cancer as much as humanely possible . 
   for fuck sake it 's been reported in actual credible print media : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-intersect/wp/2016/06/17/trumps-meme-brigade-took-over-reddit-now-reddit-is-trying-to-stop-them/ is n't wapo the news site that posted 16 negative news articles on sanders in the same day ? 
  claiming that they do n't have a pro-hillary , respectively an anti-trump agenda is laughable . 
   if you do n't understand why they might want to shut t_d , or at least talk about it , down then you have n't been paying very close attention . 
  trust me , they do talk about it more than enough behind closed dores , it 's just that they 've realized what a shit show it would result if they closed it . 
   simply because people who are n't interested still get drawn into the t_d circlejerk even when they have it filtered yeah nothing they can do however , the admins have already rigged the votes as much as possible to make sure that t_d does n't get on the frontpage . 
  maybe if they removed subreddits like marchagainsttrump or r/esist from popular because they are clearly political subs that they themselves said have no place in r/popular , hmm ...  and t_d is so frigging sensitive that they ca n't just leave well enough alone in other subs t_d is almost an entirely separated entity from reddit atm , what are you talking about ? 
  there is no direct reference to other subs allowed on it . 
   they have a rule that prevents people from critical posts in their own playground again , that 's because it is `` a trump-worshipping sub '' . 
  their forum , their rules . 
   t_d is statistically likely to pose a threat to the organic integrity of reddit whatever that means  and here i thought t_d has a higher chance of brigading and harassment if it serves in their interest and here i think you have no proof of t_d brigading more than it is brigaded by the other entities of reddit , yet you make that claim like it is some absolute proof . 
  i actually said that i am against the muslim ban numerous times before , i do n't think it will be efficient and i do n't think it 's ethical . 
   it is your duty to take measures against racism . 
  if you do n't oppose sth , you agree with it . 
  and that 's exactly why racist posts and comments get banned instantly by the mods of t_d ( amazing , huh ? ) . 
  but whatever , if t_d is so full of racist comments and posts please feel free to go right now to that sub and find me some , ca n't wait to see what you 'll find . 
  got ta love people searching through post history to find something that they then take out of context to prove a point !, 
  the guy i was talking to :  within one week he 's banned people from 7 muslim countries , including legal residents , who have never been involved in actually killing americans . 
  and my reply :  first of all , it is a temporary ban , made due to the fact that the people coming from these countries are statistically more likely to pose a threat to the country . 
  ** not that i necessarily agree with it , though . 
  ** but yeah let 's keep that part out of the quote because it 's probably not relevant . 
  context does n't matter after all now , does it ? 
  example 2 : the guys said :  you say they are `` higher likelihood of being dangerous '' but that 's absolutely horseshit and i replied :  really ? 
  and here i thought that muslims have a much higher chance of promoting violence if it serves in their interest : https://carm.org/islamic-muslim-statistics-on-violence-rape-terror-sharia-isis-welfare so i was just giving a source to something he claimed . 
  still , nice try , please try again , this time go to the beginning of my comment history , you 'll surely be able to dig something and take it out of context to paint me as evil . 
  except that company is made up of almost 400.000 people and you have no data to show how many racists are there , as you 've said yourself you only see the `` bad apples '' that also go on other forums , they could be in the dozens , hundreds or thousands but you ca n't know for sure . 
  so yeah , i would n't want to close down a 400.000-man company that does n't advocate racism because of a few spoiled apples . 
  discord is a separate entity from the subreddit and it simply is n't representative for it as a whole . 
  still , even if they somehow were , it still does n't prove that the ones harassing in this post are t_d users . 
  glad to see that people have different opinions regarding a certain subject and we do n't all follow the same thing because `` that 's how it should be '' !, 
  they are a problem in europe because they were given a legitimate reason to gain support and become a `` problem '' . 
  where were the ultra-nationalists 10 years ago ? 
  sure . 
  now prove to me that the antisemitic shit and harassment is coming from r/the _ donald, 
  they were , but the chances of stumbling by such a post were minimal if they did n't browser r/europe . 
  now that it has hit r/all and most people can see it = many more opinions coming from mentalities different from r/europe . 
  i do n't see any such post on t_d . 
  care to share some ? 
  edit : as expected , you ca n't because there isnt , or if there is it barely has 100 upvotes and is no where near the front page . 
  and yet you make up false shit to smear some people who did nothing to you to get some karma , and then have the audacity to claim that t_d is the brigading sub , when they are attacked 24/7 by pretty much every other sub non-stop , sometimes for something that they simply did n't do ( like in this case ) . 
  looks good enough for me , when do we start ? 
  edit : it 's a fucking joke mate , why do you downvote, 
  last time i checked macron had aprox 24 % , what changed ? 
  which is completely true , no matter what people think they are , cutting off your dick does n't make you a woman , the problem is in your brain , not your `` gender identity '' . 
  nothing better than a censorship of opinion by the government to kick the day off !, 
  and just so that maybe you get tired of claiming `` muh idiocy '' how about you take a look at this article that has just hit the front-page and how extremely taken out of context it is , yet it has 16k upvotes : https://www.indy100.com/article/donald-trump-statements-fact-check-congress-address-work-unemployment-latest-checking-7605351 this is what happens when you create this `` craze '' around fake news . 
  not everything is fake . 
  there is a difference between a factually wrong statement , a partially wrong statement/a statement that might be true under certain conditions and a point that is debateable . 
  yet many of these so called fact-checkers are simply spreading their own propaganda by conflating all of these as `` fake news '' when it is simply not the case , and this is the problem that i have with `` fact-checking '' websites . 
  it does n't matter whether there are 1 or 100 news outlets collaborating in this cross-check , if there is even the slightest possibility of a conflict of interest then it is something that i do n't want to deal with . 
  it 's just a way of speech kinda typical in eastern europe my friend , no need to get triggered over it, 
  ok mate you keep telling yourself that , 
  being mad does not give you any kind of moral or intellectual superiority over me my friend , try again . 
  yup , definitely mad . 
  do n't worry , i wo n't waste any more of your invaluable time with my mad ramblings of pure ignorance that have plummeted the quality of this sub to trash-tier . 
  it 's a sad realisation that not everyone can be such an intelectual human being as you are tho :(, 
  you seem kinda mad , what , you do n't think i could n't find it by googling ? 
   surely french voters must understand this ? 
  kinda smug , the french voters vote for who they think is better not so it can make you happy . 
  well i could n't find it when i googled for it so whatever . 
  of course it would all be great if everyone agreed with what you agree but it 's not the case . 
  not really , generally for a population to increase you would need an average of 2.1 kids per family so as long as on average married people have less than 2 children it 's not increasing the population . 
  except you have no idea since the website is not on yet and the article posted by op makes a strong reference to the french elections so it clearly will also tackle political stuff . 
  and you think that this one , the bbc or the eu are 100 % interested and will only report this `` true '' facts ( which i disagree with , in my opinion relativism is in some instances the better approach ) and not try to spin it so it fits their narrative ? 
  you think that if they fuck up they will go make a fact checking page and admit they are wrong ? 
  and yes , your 35 % autism is stupid but can easily be refuted with statistics , but going all-in in the oposite direction ( all vaccines are 100 % safe and necessary ) is also wrong . 
  there is a difference between a clear action that happened ( like a terror attack ) which leqves no room for debate and needs no fact checking ( since its obvious whether it happened or not most of the time ) and claiming `` x policy is clearly negative '' in someones view while it can be positive in someone else 's view ( like for example the opinion on the travel ban ) . 
  i disagree fundamentally with the idea of newspapers being involved at all but hey , let 's give them a shot and see if they do report stuff fairly , as long as it remains just a guideline and isnt shoved down our throats . 
  it 's not just a news organisation , everyone seeme to have a private `` fact-checking '' group these days : the guys mentioned in the article , the bbc and even the eu are just some examples . 
  indeed not a whole world revolves around my beliefs but surely you dont think that the best people to give a `` quick '' rundown of what is fake news or not is a news organisation itself , right ? 
  you can surely see how this can easily become a conflict of interest ? 
  i am so tired of this `` fake news '' craze . 
  i do n't need people telling me if what i read is fake or not , especially since the guys that tells me is a news organization ( ahem . . bbc ) !, 
  you want people to not take everything at face value and check multiple sources before trusting something ? 
  campaign for a better education system and tell people to read from multiple sources , do n't shove down my throat what is `` fake '' or not . 
  when 90 % of your opinion pieces push a certain narrative without having pieces in the opposing view then i do n't think you can hide behind the `` this isnt news guys , its just an opinion '' . 
  even so , what kind of publication publishes purely speculative articles with zero evidence ? 
  and by the way , what is hyperbolic about my statement ? 
  go check the opinion polls and shares for the major msm media , most of them are tanking . 
  reads the title :  how us billionaire helped to back brexit wow , surely they must have concrete proof to say such a thing , right ? 
  proceeds to read the article :  but details of how people were being targeted with this technology raised more serious questions , he said . 
  `` we have no idea what people were being shown or not , which makes it frankly sinister . 
  maybe it was n't , but we have no way of knowing . 
  there is no possibility of public scrutiny . 
  i find this extremely worrying and disturbing . '' great 10/10 journalism guys , please tell me more about the fact that he helped back brexit when all you do in your article is `` speculate '' .
