mexico and central america have a pretty large dependency on tourism , so not having visa free us travel there would be a bullet in the foot . 
  especially for towns like el paso or laredo . 
  brazil is one country that does n't allow visa free because we do n't give them visa free either . 
  then we have my main man chile who gets a visa waiver to the us because they do n't overstay their visas by a certain percent . 
  yet other eu countries do n't get it . 
  it 's weird . 
  i 'm surprised we do n't have less power , given how much of the world has been * ahem * `` politely shown freedom '' . 
  economists also said oil will run out before 2000 . 
  they mostly just assume humans ca n't fix things and then give a 50 year mark for it . 
  i have no need to worry about the us economy . 
  goddamnit , i meant to say the uk and india . 
  i 'd like to blame autocorrect but that was just a brain fart . 
  punk-rock , sure , why not ? 
  online shopping , millenials are staying mostly in urban centers , so the malls of the spread out suburbs are n't as appealing , gen z kids do n't really have a preference yet , but it looks like they 'll be so tech involved that either the country will become appealing and we 'll start going back to the suburbs , or it will stay in the cities and malls will die even harder . 
  if you 're lucky, 
  that 's interesting because mall culture is dying hard core in he us . 
  that looks amazing , croatia looks like it has a lot of hidden gems in it . 
  could 've fooled me and said that was mexico . 
  looks gorgeous , the hills , rocks , spread out houses and trees remind me of the up michigan . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_apple las vegas ' `` sin city '' should be self explanatory as it has a. ... reputation around the globe for its vices . 
  atlanta 's `` too busy to hate '' is because the south has historically been pretty xenophobic ( it 's not now , do n't worry ) . 
  and atlanta was one of the few large cities which allowed it to diversify and adapt a more liberal attitude to racial issues . 
  but with those houses ? 
  doubtful, 
  lucky for you , the americans that do know german , are forbidden from the internet . 
  sadly yes . 
  although it 's more common in new england , the upper midwest , pacific northwest , and alaska , it still pales in comparison to scandinavia, 
  i assume a huge factor in those are also the protestant work ethic . 
  thanks buddy !, 
  how 'd you like it ? 
  was it for college ? 
  where in the us did you live ? 
  nope . 
  they are extremely different places culture wise , but they do n't really have much interaction . 
  aside from the fact they are both vacation spots for mainlanders . 
  no , op is getting bad intel . 
  while 100 years ago i 'm sure the citizens would be pissed , they do n't want to leave the us . 
  even the natives , who are the only ones that would want independence , only want some kind of native recognition , like reservations on the mainland . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  i have n't ventured up there myself . 
  except for a sailing team meet ( boy was that a long drive ) . 
  did you travel anywhere else , or just near minneapolis ? 
  how did you like minnesota ? 
  it 's pretty clear to everyone that unlike christianity and judaism , there is a strong cultural element in islam that is against the west . 
  it certainly does n't help that modern islam is actively going against modernism and western beliefs . 
  usa teen here . 
  people usually do jobs after school for extra cash on hand or just to get some work experience to put on a resume . 
  i caddy at a golf course after school , so it 's usually just 3 hours and then i do hw , and sleep . 
  of course , this is only on days where i 'm not doing sports . 
  but other kids do some pretty difficult work , my other buddy works at a deli cutting meats in the back room . 
  he makes some damn good cash and ends at 6:00 ( school ends at 3:00 pm ) . 
  it 's not as bad as you might think . 
  depends , was the taco flour or corn ? 
  if it was a hard shell of flour , then that 's american , but corn and you 're good to go . 
  oh yeah , the whole `` fled to argentina '' story . 
  keep in mind that we have had the same constitution for over 200 years , not to mention that 2 amendments are useless since one is repealed and the other is repealing it . 
  ouch , i mean , aside from the urban detroit , i thought we were doing pretty well . 
  i mean , we clearly are given the incredible demand for green cards to live here . 
  do you honestly believe that 1/2 of america , a country of 320 million . 
  voted solely out of racism ? 
  what about the latinos that voted for trump , he got 1/3 of the hispanic vote , more than the previous republican candidates . 
  what was that , self racism ? 
  yeah , plus a change in the constitution is a huge deal over here , but it seems like it is much easier for them . 
  thanks , that was insightful and just what i was looking for . 
  ok , thanks, 
  oh , so it 's mostly young people voting for her ? 
  heads up , if you 're trying to avoid a * nuclear * fallout , maybe head a bit further down south than the us cause shit starting to hit the fan . 
  mexican rock is my greatest weakness . 
  when i was skiing in the colorado rockies , a huge amount of the workers were from south america on work visas , the whole mountain was filled with peruvians it was crazy , they were all super helpful and had surprisingly good english skills . 
  i tried as hard as i could to not sound like a racist asshole . 
  i guess i failed . 
  little bit of both . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_chicago#/media/file%3apolish_village.jpg let me put it this way . 
  when i called the dmv , it said press 2 for polish . 
  and when i walk into certain parts of chicago . 
  i wo n't hear any english for an hour . 
  for the most part though , poles act relatively similar to the european ones , it is n't like italian americans , who are an older group of immigrants , and who act nothing , like modern day italians . 
  i live in the us city with the most poles , chicago , and have had nothing but good experiences with them . 
  plus they have a criminal organization that is basically government exempt, 
  it 's their food man . 
  i dunno , chile is pretty damn developed . 
  i 've seen a lot of chile + argentina . 
  it just so happens that a lot of other developed countries speak english as a first language , chile being one of the sole exceptions . 
  people usually do it outside of school at homes , and yes , after seeing their social media posts , it is extremely dorky . 
  plus , they never shut up about how they vape . 
  for an american , that 's nuts to me . 
  vaping is huge over here . 
  it 's taken a good chunk of the weed sales at high schools . 
  ouch, 
  le pen , incidents like brexit , a distaste for globalization policies . 
  the handwriting is so cool too . 
  that 's crazy . 
  over here our teachers get jack shit pay . 
  it 's a real problem . 
  not unexpected though , i assume ( hope ) people know that these states are n't actually like that at all . 
  except for maybe all the california stereotypes . 
  wow !, 
  quite a lot , and a us road trip in the west is amazing !, 
  i would highly recommend it . 
  utah and colorado are great states to drive through , and wyoming and montana are empty which feels makes the overwhelming nature that much cooler .
