  i hope you had fun when you visited . 
  the amount of fear mongering is atrocious and caused situations like the chicago hate crime . 
  it 's * four * years . 
  so will europe . 
  i 'm american , but that 's a really cool perspective , i 've wondered what the european opinion was since for most of latin america , with the exception of argentina , seem to be much closer , culturally , to the indigenous native americans . 
  oh god at my grade school , every year we would switch languages to learn , for instance , year 1 : we learn spanish . 
  year 2 : we learn french , year 3 : back to spanish ... 
  it was a horrible system but once we reached 6th grade we chose a language to stick with and study for the rest of our year up until highschool . 
  literally no one chose french , and in high school french had the least in the class , less than both latin , and chinese . 
  the falklands just seem like argentina 's dirty way of trying to get a bigger eez and trying to distract people from their atrocious economic decisions , it 'd be like if japan started claiming guam was japanese . 
  such a stupid claim . 
  have fun dude , all that will change is you 'll have less diversity . 
  yeah , i was pleasantly surprised to find that both the u.k. and ireland still have a thriving rural population . 
  those larger buildings really ruin the skyline though , and i was disappointed when i visisted london to find that people would n't quit trying to `` skyscraper '' the whole city . 
  although this is coming from someone who lived next to one of the best city skylines in the world ( chicago ) , so maybe i was overreacting . 
  ( the skylines in the us are n't fairing as well either , cities like seattle have pulled it off well , but places like la have disgusting skylines . ), 
  that 's really cool , i love the compact style , makes socializing a lot easier . 
  yeah , same with a lot of things in media now a days , `` if you go to the us , people will shoot you '' `` refugees in germany will literally rape you '' `` mexico is just a giant shithole on par with african nations '' `` indians just casually shit in the streets '' `` the chinese are all assholes with polluted rivers '' . 
  everything has to be to the extreme . 
  in my experience quora is used across a lot of countries , and in comparison , is more `` balanced '' in terms of `` which country uses which website based on population '' . 
  much more so than reddit , which is like 70 % american . 
  that 's really cool , king of queens was never terribly huge here , it 's mostly a `` well i guess if it 's the last option '' kinda show . 
  i 've heard seinfeld is n't very popular in europe , while it 's incredibly recognizable here . 
  interesting differences . 
  i agree with you on the simpsons , i just meant that it 's categorized as a slice of life/comedy show set in the suburbs , and maybe to a foreigner , it would be categorized as such as well . 
  huh , to my knowledge ( i do n't have a lot about the netherlands ) europe does n't have suburbs in the same way america does ( just like we do n't really have villages ) . 
  i wonder why they were so successful ? 
  any ideas ? 
  what a silly question !, 
  you keep them till they 're 5 , then let them free to be shipped to america for hollywood films . 
  chicago pizza best pizza, 
  any idea as to why that 70s show was so popular ? 
  to me it 's just another `` life in the suburbs '' type show , like the simpsons or married with children . 
  do the jokes translate well ? 
  that dance tribute was really cool !, 
  i go to a private american highschool , i have never been required to say the pledge , i 've only said it at sporting events , or on 4th of july where the patriotism is too much for me . 
  my rival public school does n't say it either to my knowledge . 
  florida is n't really trashy ( except for orlando , literally just a town built for disneyworld , it 's a cesspool of commercialism and stupidity , please do n't go ) . 
  most consider states like alabama or georgia trashy ( in actuality , most people are extremely nice , but live in more impoverished areas ) . 
  florida is just kinda weird ( see / r/floridaman ) . 
   warm with brutal winter sounds like you 'd like the midwest , same friendly people with a kooky accent , 4 seasons , and all the freedom you can muster . 
  where are you thinking of moving to ? 
  but how many people actually live there ? 
  like 0.01 % of europes population ? 
  20 % of america is living in rural conditions . 
  compared to 20 % urban and 50 % suburbs . 
  comparing owning a gun in america to owning a gun in europe is an insane comparison to make . 
  gun owners in america live in rural areas , as in 100 's of km from the nearest town or store , and if some animal tries to attack , you need that . 
  not to mention that a huge amount of people just use it to shoot at ranges , and not for protection . 
  there are n't enough truly empty rural areas in europe to necessitate guns . 
  because of ireland and idaho, 
  http://www.strawpoll.me/11802290 living in america , i 've always been taught to be very careful about guns , and that they are extremely dangerous and need to be handled delicately . 
  when i asked my fellow classmates how many had shot a gun before , everyone raised their hand , me included so i was wondering what the situation was on the other side of the pond . 
  in america , he 's the king of pop no doubt , and pretty much everyone over the age of 13 knows of him , so what was the impression of him in europe ? 
  was he as successful or recognizable ? 
  did any countries like him more than others ? 
  the us is quite large so generalizing the whole country is difficult , the most we generalize it into is 4 regions , the west , the midwest , the northeast ( also called new england ) and the south ( more generally thought of as the deep south ) . 
  these regions are all very different culturally . 
  so what are the broadest cultural divisions of your country ? 
  and what are the major differences ? 
  veggietales an animated tv show designed for younger children , it reenacts bible stories with vegetables in the place of people , somewhat funny , but mostly designed to teach , usually shown in sunday schools during church , or in private mormon , catholic , and protestant schools at lower grades . 
  that 70s show a show set in wisconsin which follows the antics of some american high school students . 
  i only ask about this one because many of my friends who lived in europe ask about this show , or mention it when learning where they 're moving . 
  also , lots of questions on red solo cups in the show , if they 're real . 
  i would assume it 's much more urban than in america , and a smaller house , but what are some real examples from your country ( i.e. 
  they have average earnings , average house size , ect ) . 
  more specifically , mexico , central america , northern south america , southern south america ( chile/argentina ) and brasil ? 
  edit : about their culture , what you know about it , if you 'd travel there , ect . 
  petty : adjective , pettier , pettiest . 
  1 . of little or no importance or consequence : petty grievances . 
  for example , in us history , two of our states had a `` war '' with each other , over a small strip of land which contained a small town . 
  one person was injured , this is the the [ toledo war ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/toledo_war ) . 
  what are some moments in your country with similar things blown out of proportion ? 
  in most of the us ( except for hawaii , pretty sure they employ filipinos , and i 've heard new england employs portuguese ) mexican immigrants are seen as extremely hardworking , trustworthy and good cheap labor for work . 
  of course , this opinion could differ in areas where latino gangs are present , but i 'm just generalizing . 
  in your country , what are ethnic groups are the `` hardworking cheap labor '' ? 
  if you have any . 
  i only got this idea when someone said that turks in germany were similar to mexicans in the us in an / r/europe thread . 
  as an ignorant american , i 'm quite surprised someone as politically right as her is getting so far , what caused this ? 
  please do n't respond with the lame `` because 50 % of our country are racist jerks ! '', 
  like a lot of people do when they explain how trump won , or why brexit happened , when the issue was clearly more complex than that . 
  ( i could give you a basic explanation on the factors leading to trump , but racism was not the forefront like many far left will claim . ), 
  anyways , i thought france was a relativity left-leaning ( by us standards ) country ? 
  what caused the shift ? 
  for example : in the us , we have the south ( sometimes called `` dixie '' ) , which has its own music , values , stereotypes , a very distinct accent , and ideas about government . 
  specifically , the hot deserts , like the sahara , mojave , or victoria . 
  i visited the arizona desert as a kid , and the vastness was crazy . 
  have any of you traveled to the nearby deserts close to europe ? 
  i 've only ever skied the rockies . 
  not just related to your country , include colonies too !, 
  ( i.e. 
  quebec , amish american-german , mexican , colombian , haiti ), 
  for those who do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
  a film called `` kingsman '' was released and follows a secret agent group that looks like british stereotypes , very posh , elegant architecture , james bond , etc. 
  a new sequel is releasing this year with the `` statesmen '' a stereotypical `` american '' version which is mad dip of bourbon drinking , cowboys who love guns , everyone 's favorite stereotypes . 
  what would one look like if it encompassed all of your countries stereotypes ? 
  for instance , why do the french go on strike so damn much ? 
  why do brits have such a huge binge drinking culture ? 
  why do russians wear so many adidas and blue jeans ? 
  in the us , some cities go by other names chicago is known as `` the windy city '' ( because a ) its windy and b ) it is `` windy '' because the politicians blow hot air out their mouth ) new york city is `` the big apple '' las vegas is `` sin city '' atlanta is `` the city too busy to hate '' denver is `` the mile high city '',
