not sure . 
  my definition of terrorism is pretty arbitrary . 
  got any examples of attacks like that ? 
  it seems like the two common things are either serial killers ( kill one person at a time ) or terrorist attacks ( kill as many people as possible in one attack ) . 
  if you talk about serial terrorism like say the suicide bombers in iraq i 'd probably label them different terrorist attacks . 
  sure , but even though there is a difference in how these things are reported i do n't think it helps to compensate by allocating serial killers by quota to make the statistics look more fair . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  i edited the post for clarification . 
  they are all mass-shootings ( basically the same ) but yet not the same because like you said the motives are different . 
  that 's why i do n't label sandy hooks , columbine or trollh\u00e4ttan as terrorist attacks while ut\u00f6ya and san bernardino are . 
  it seems like you agree with what i said but i probably was n't clear enough . 
  murder is obviously worse than assault but the very definition you cited includes violence ( not just murder ) , which is why i say it 's not a practically useful definition since my hypothetical example is included by it . 
   the unlawful use of violence and intimidation , especially against civilians , in the pursuit of political aims . 
  yeah , but that 's not a practical use of the word . 
  if 3 skin heads beat up immigrants i would n't label that terrorism even though technically it fits into your interpretation of terror . 
  but really it 's not much to argue about . 
  if you want to call serial killers , terrorists or serial terrorists does n't really matter . 
  it 's not like either label is any milder than the other . 
  [ i answered to a reply similar to yours in case you were looking for an answer . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/64094i/swedish_reports_say_a_truck_has_driven_into_a/dfyijm8/ ), 
  serial killers : * lasermannen ( the immigrant killer we talked about ) * ted bundy terrorists : * this guy * breikvik i guess the distinction to me is that terrorism is a sudden attack while a serial killer is a slower process ( one at a time in different murders ) . 
  to me there is also a distinction between school attacks ( as in getting `` revenge '' ) and a terror attack ( spreading fear ) . 
  because it 's not clear whether to call school shooters/attackers and serial killers terrorists . 
  it 's a weird thing to say . 
  besides 2/3 of those attacks were right-wing `` terrorists '' killing immigrants so i do n't think they are linked to refugees . 
  i 'd define the trollh\u00e4ttan attack as terrorism but those kinds of attacks are usually separately labeled as school shootings/attacks . 
  drottninggatan was a failed terrorist attack and the terrorist was the only casualty so it 's related but you would n't add attempted murders to murder statistics . 
  lasermannen # 2 was a serial killer although you could technically count serial killers as terrorists . 
  in that case we probably have plenty of serial killers/rapists/etc that you can add to the stats . 
  people usually do n't talk about the first one because it was a failed terrorist attack with only one casualty ( the terrorist himself ) . 
  the second one i 'd call a serial killer and not a terrorist . 
  left is the trollh\u00e4ttan school attack which i guess would be a terrorist attack but i think that just comes down to a tradition of separating school shootings ( or by sword in this case ) from terrorist attacks . 
  i 've never heard sandy hooks or columbine being labeled terrorist attacks even though they are basically the same ( mass-shootings ) as e.g san bernardino . 
   in a couple of years when uk is still the same this is kind of why people are joking about uk being so eager to leave . 
  turkey : no tulips ?? 
  please !, 
  holland : tu little , tu late . 
  i like to see them all not using their german cars . 
  i think you 're misunderstanding him . 
  he says you can make an argument that the enigma would n't have been solved without the polish ( assuming it 's because a polish guy solved it ) -- and if the enigma was never solved that could have had all kinds of implications to the war . 
  but we will never know for sure about these implications because the enigma was broken . 
  kind of like saying if hitler was successfully assassinated that could have had all kinds of implications to the war , but we will never know for sure because it did n't happen . 
  meanwhile they call the netherlands nazis for refusing a turkey official to land . 
  gender equality surely means something else for a feminist in the middle east than for one in europe or usa . 
  it would make no sense to exclude countries that are n't equal enough from the prize . 
  i 'd say absolute numbers would mean more but be harder to read . 
  comparing absolute numbers are easy to read but does n't really tell you anything . 
  imagine we measure a country in it 's current state and then improve women healthcare ( abortion , childbirth etc ) and thus lower the number of female suicide while leaving the number of male suicides unchanged . 
  this would give the country a higher value the next time we measure the male/female suicide ratio . 
  even though we only saw positive changes the value is now worse . 
  that 's why it 's pointless . 
  my point is that you do n't know anything about the numbers and just the statistics . 
  a country with 10 male suicides and 1 female suicide and a population of 1 trillion people would show up red . 
  the ratio means nothing unless it 's given more context . 
  feels like trying to show to much in one map so the information becomes useless . 
  do males commit suicide twice as much in poland compared to germany or are females just less suicidal ? 
  is health care more expensive in usa or is it only more expensive for the population ? 
  the maximum i can pay for a year is 150ish dollars per year and around the same for medications , but that is obviously not how much the actual surgeries etc cost to perform . 
  i have a vague memory of him writing something on a type writer but i think the show was mainly about his digging during which he encountered bad guys . 
  map was probably compiled by russia . 
  / s edit : apparently this data was gathered before russia invaded ukraine . 
  i felt raped by this map . 
  krip from romania ? 
  this ca n't be a coincidence . 
  my county share the name with another county apart from one special character ( a , \u00e5 ) . 
  we even share the same webpage . 
  mind blown . 
  i thought dc was a city in washington ( like new york is both a state and a city ) . 
  i can see why trump 's inauguration did n't have many viewers . 
  who would want to go to denm - i mean washington ? 
  looks like finland finally got their revenge and took over sweden for this map . 
  that explains it . 
  so he thinks it is , but should n't be a country ? 
  why does a us congressman want to reach so far out of us territory ? 
  we can assume the comments on defense against iran was not made by the by trump . 
  it 's slightly worrying that both sides are now one side . 
  so just russian ? 
  who is the bastard son between norway , sweden and finland ? 
  iceland just wants to be called north-western europe for once . 
  it was kind of sarcastic because you repeated what basically every other replied said . 
  but yeah , i guess usa bailing out europe in ww1/2 makes them great kind of like how m. night shyamalan is a great director -- started out with some good wars but some 10 wars later you start to wonder if they just started out with a fluke . 
  i suppose usa is great in the same sense that m. night shyamalan is a great director . 
  started out with a couple of great wars , but the next few wars were questionable and at this point only people with hubris from living in the past still thinks they 're great . 
  but i have to say that it 's interesting that americans ( you 're not the only one dropping the same comment ) uses a criteria for great that places usa and soviet in the same tier of greatness . 
  good point , i had not thought about that . 
  does that mean you also think soviet was a great country ? 
  i 'm glad you like my jokes . 
  lmao, 
  europe created america once . 
  i 'm just telling you a polish guy made the computer that launched apple . 
  if that 's how you define a great country then all countries are great countries . 
  poland is a [ great country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steve_wozniak ) for example . 
   make america great material for jokes again i ca n't put my finger on what but this just does n't sound as catchy . 
   we 're so fucking great that gay pride parades in the netherlands are about us . 
  that 's a generous way of describing a joke on your expense . 
  and now you need to save yourself from yourself . 
  great does n't mean anything . 
  it 's a quantifier . 
  it 's easy to make that mistake when talking about great countries and world leaders . 
  culturally influential and economically influential are both also more accurate than great .
