  american cultural influence could be seen as great in some ways and degenerate in other ways . 
  american economical influence might be seen as great in some ways and inequal in other ways . 
  it 's kind of like those blm controversies : when you say `` america is great '' it 's understood that you mean `` for some '' , because it 's certainly not great over-all . 
  he hardly predicted them . 
  [ i think the first one was like in 2013 in husby . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_stockholm_riots ), 
  i like your version , where trump can [ predict the future ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qd8mo4n.png ) , but does n't know the difference between past and future tense . 
  he probably read a grammar book and thought everything he says is ` perfect ' . 
  i 'm not the one to google ` anders borg erect penis ' but please , be my guest . 
  i did n't ask him . 
  strong is probably more accurate than great . 
  trump did n't strike me as the hipster kind of guy until now . 
  yeah , pretty much that . 
  when were they great ? 
  i wonder how well this would float in the swedish pride parade this weekend . 
  the main news story this week was that former financial minister anders borg was at a party where he showed his penis , called women sluts and grabbed other men by the crotch . 
  socks in sandals is all about being practical and sandals are n't practical when hiking . 
  only fake germans would do that . 
  op 's title is slightly misleading . 
  this does n't seem to be a top list , but rather a `` best to worst '' list . 
  how many countries do we count the european union as ? 
  that 's iran , not italy . 
  either online or you call `` skatteverket '' ( the government agency that handles tax ) and ask them . 
  most websites only gives full social security number to registered ( paying ? ), 
  users so if you want that for you probably need to call skatteverket . 
  not sure how easy it is to get declined this information . 
  they always asked me who i was and why i wanted the information ( it was through work ) but i never had to vertify anything so basically anybody could do it . 
  yeah , most europeans i 've talked to think it 's fucked up but that 's how it works here . 
  i have a feeling that the journalist is n't swedish and was n't aware of how things work here ( or he was just clickbaiting ) . 
  edit : i should clarify that the government does n't stalk you to find your adress . 
  you register your living adress yourself but it 's up to you if you actually live there . 
  this adress has some importance ( e.g some items will only be sent to your registered living adress regardless of what you request ) . 
  so it 's assumed that nearly all citizens of sweden are in at least one of these groups ? 
  * a police register * the air force * an operator in the military 's most secret units * in a witness relocation program * drives a government and military vehicle to be honest it 's hard to estimate how large these groups are combined without more information . 
  i 'm curious on what the `` personal details of ** nearly all citizens ** '' includes . 
  was it the photos ? 
  name and home adress is public information in sweden . 
  if you want to avoid awkward half translations like this article just say 70,000 sek . 
  it 's the international standard code for our currency . 
   \u00c5gren was also fined half a month 's pay ( 70,000 swedish krona which equals to $ 8,500 ), 
  many commuter trains in stockholm are named by kindergarten kids . 
  they clearly needed to step up the game this time . 
  i read this on donald 's twitter . 
  i was probably unclear . 
  edited my comment . 
  i do n't think it 's hypocritical of the french for criticizing the death penalty despite utilizing it in an important historic event for them , and i do n't think they need to deny the french revolution because they changed their stance on capital punishment . 
  what i think is hypocritical is to make fun of what i described above while living in another country that also used capital punishment back in the days , as if that 's any different . 
  did there exist any countries that did n't have death penalty back then ? 
  that would explain the lacks of comments ; nobody wants to sound like a hypocrite . 
   * edit : i do n't think it 's hypocritical of the french for criticizing the death penalty despite utilizing it in an important historic event for them , and i do n't think they need to deny the french revolution because they changed their stance on capital punishment . 
  *  * what i think is hypocritical is to make fun of what i described above while living in another country that also used capital punishment back in the days , as if that 's any different . 
  if you use genocide memorial days to advocate for your conspiracy theories you 're just being disrespectful . 
  i do n't know how far we should take `` there is a time and place for everything '' but this is definitely not that time and place . 
  and it would stop just about as many innocent people from attending . 
  so the law saw one parent as adopt parent and the other as a step parent ? 
  or not at all ? 
  but what 's your opinion on a woman marrying a car and two cars marrying each other ? 
  and one could assume that adoption can be pretty important for couples who ca n't have their own biological children . 
  as a swede i was really surprised when my dad had to pay a fee for using a german atm . 
  also i wonder how population density plays into these statistics . 
  sweden and germany is roughly the same size but germany has like 8 times the population ( and according to this : 3 times the atm 's per capita ) . 
  yeah , according to [ this ] ( https://vapenfakta.se/forskning-och-statistik/ ) there are 619,000 gun owners in sweden and they own a total of 1,8 million weapons or weapon parts ( i 'm not entirely sure what ` weapon parts ' does and does not include ) . 
  * 6 % of the population owns one or more guns ( rounding the population to 10 millions ) . 
  * 3 guns on average per gun owner . 
  * 190,000 of the 619,000 gun owners ( 30 % ) practice or compete in shooting as a sport . 
  * 300,000 people hunts every season ( 48 % of the number of gun owners ) . 
  it specifically says that different people hunt each season so the total number of hunters ( who hunts less than once per year ) might be more than 300,000 . 
  twelve points for religion . 
  so are those lakes still frozen ? 
  -6 degrees celsius . 
  the recovery starts when you turn the trend around . 
  no , the purpose is to tell him he misunderstood a basic concept . 
  sorry , what ? 
  i just explained how graphs works . 
  you seem to confuse absolute and relative terms . 
  if a car is going full speed reverse and you want to recover back to normal speed forward , stopping the car to 0 is still part of the progress called recovery . 
  that despite the fact that at any one moment you will always measure a negative speed ( or zero movement ) and you have n't started moving in the right direction . 
  this was 35 % of my full attempt . 
  not sure if you 're giving the best analogies seeing as any financial crisis would mean death . 
  but sure , while your current trajectory might still be heading downwards , it is still posible to have a positive trend . 
  would you rather * have 2 billion dollars and lose 1 billion dollars per second ? 
  * have 2 billion dollars in debt and earn 1 billion dollar per second ? 
  it 's called a slow recovery because greece changed the trend from `` losing billions of dollars per second '' to `` losing nothing per second '' and now that they plugged the hole they need to figure out how to pump the water out of the boat . 
  that 's why it 's called slow recovery . 
  if you go from -5 % per year to -2 % per year and then finally to + -0 % per year that 's still a positive trend . 
  interesting . 
  so is gun rights special or is it more about infringing on the freedom of individuals ? 
  could it have been any other random freedom that obama infringed on ? 
  did obama even do much anti-gun ? 
  i heard a lot about it but nothing concrete . 
  so it 's really that simple ? 
  conservative , good . 
  liberal , bad , lynch . 
  so when you asses how much a president aided enemies , do you have a more elaborate criteria than if the president is republican/democrat ? 
  do you for example assume that the current trump failures are amplified by 12 or does he get a 90 month handicap simply because he is only half a year into his first term ? 
  man you must really hate trump then . 
  something does n't add up here . 
  what makes you want to lynch the political opposition then ? 
  you want to lynch your political opposition . 
  what differs you from fascists ?
