do you know why alentejanos wear pyjamas while riding bikes ? 
  in order to lay down on the corners . 
  let 's lower our bonus and give some money back to the community !, 
  french fries with fried chicken, 
  the french won a war !, 
  these portion sizes are too big, 
  exactly . 
  using a bike in lisbon is n't hard because of traffic , it 's hard because of the stupid hills every fucking where !, 
  and no amount of bike lanes will change that . 
  when the russian views align with the us and eu they are western , when they do n't they are eastern . 
  to me , at least , they are still the biggest country in europe , so western . 
  but is that worth anything at all ? 
  i bet it was high in the mountains ... 
  : itt drug prices discussion . 
  damn i love this sub =d, 
  you know what would change this ? 
  schengen in gibraltar . 
  not saying is possible , just saying it would end this damn circus !, 
  yes and we did seceded some 900 years ago !, 
  does it count ? 
  he 's just edgy like that . 
  nice guy though, 
  he 's portuguese, 
  granted , you 're right . 
  but there 's plenty of competition on this side of the pond . 
  the problem comes with the way start-ups work . 
  major example is skype . 
  skype was huge , but as a start-up it was cheap , was bought , by microsoft . 
  other examples of european starups exist like spotify , fon , rovio , shazaam , etc. 
  what i 'm trying to say is that there is competition on europe , but the nature of the beast makes it hard to get ms , google or apple big these days . 
  there 's at least a coffee shop in the portuguese parliament . 
  not sure if it still exists or if it sells alcohol . 
  well that sucks =\\, 
  i bought a sim card two days ago , the only thing i had to do is pay 20 $ to charge the thing . 
  had i used money instead of debit card they woulnd ' t even know my name . 
  we have to on something, 
  a mix of both . 
  but you learn to read really fast and move your eyes between the action and the subtitles . 
  it 's not a private company , * per se * . 
  he uses that as an analogy . 
  the holy see is the roman catholic apostolic church . 
  it 's an entity that is legally recognized in international law , but that does n't make it a private company . 
  it 's the epitome of organized religion , that is all . 
  * formed in 1929 by the lateran treaty between italy ( mousolini ) and the holy see ( pietro gasparri , cardinal secretary of state ) ; * is protected by the constitution of italy of 1947 ; * it 's not the holy see ; * does n't have a diplomatic service ; * it 's issued passports are different from the ones of the holy see which only issues diplomatic passports ; * it 's foreign affairs is dealt by the holy see ; * it 's an absolute elective monarchy ; * it 's the only recognized state not in the un - the holy see is in the un but only as an observer without voting rights ; * it really is not the holy see ... at all !, 
  * a few of the properties of the state of the vatican city that exist scatered around rome and italy have extraterritorial status ( kind of like embassies ) . 
  most well known of these is castel gandolfo ; * it 's official language is italian ; * atms in latin ;, 
  like all romance languages besides french xd, 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think you have a more socially liberal laws than ireland ? 
  most definitely . 
  although the religion is still in part institutionalized the influence it has on the on the government is very dim . 
  specially on the left wing of our spectrum which is very anti-catholic . 
  same thing in portugal . 
  but more ... around 95 % somehow we 're not seen as catholic as you folks . 
   ' \u00c9ire ' is its name in the irish language ; ` ireland ' is its name in english . 
  the use of ' \u00c9ire ' in english is often seen as patronising for complicated reasons . 
  til, 
  * located on * the emerald isle * * capital is dublin * they found oil somewhere on it 's shores recently ( ?! ), 
  * one of the few countries still divided in the world * it 's called eire ( i think . . ) * guinness ( which to be honest i do n't like , but i 've been told that it 's because it 's imported ) * michael d. higgins for president of the world !!!, 
  * small population ( 5 mil if i 'm not mistaken ) * irish diaspora is huge * ira * out of the schengen area mostly because of the border with uk . 
  still easy enough for any eu citizen to enter * technically still a neutral nation * catholics all over the place . 
  at least for now . 
  i think that 's all i can say in a list . 
  frankly its not that they are easy . 
  it 's our women who are waaaaaaaaaay to hard . 
  just saying, 
  simple . 
  you can do it like me and buy a nexus 4 via amazon and use it in let 's say , portugal . 
  now , let 's talk xbone . 
  if i buy one in amazon , i wont be able to use in portugal . 
  see a difference ? 
  nah that 's been scraped . 
  i think we owe money to some people or something ... 
  the pm is called pedro passos coelho coelho translates to rabbit, 
  i 'm sure someone does . 
  i do n't . 
  last time i went to madrid by train the trip took almost 12 hours ... twelve fucking hours to go from lisbon to madrid . 
  i hate you renfe !!!, 
  meanwhile in the iberian peninsula , when a train gets to the border of portugal and spain you still have to wait at least an hour for them to do what ever it is they do ... 
  but yay good news any way xd, 
  yay xd, 
  relevant user name , 
  well i 'm 1/4th spaniard so i guess i 'm a bit different then xd, 
  yes * but * brazil was not just one colony . 
  think usofa where after the independence not all states joined the federation and went separate ways and after a few wars got `` conquered '' . 
  so i guess that 's what that means . 
  why not leave both ? 
  a little ... my pride is wonded !, 
  i like sardines and i eat cod once a week is that not enough ?!, 
  plus i 'm bairrista !, 
  just do n't use a pointy stick ... please !, 
  the smell is kind disgusting to me . 
  not questioning that . 
  just sayin , he was fucking mental !, 
  we love the brits . 
  you know how you all call ofensive names to the people you care about ? 
  it 's that kind of thing . 
  besides , your women are the best !, 
  build for winter , dressed for summer !, 
  besides diana chaves i do n't remember any other that was my cup of tea, 
  touch\u00e9 !,
