  you got what you wanted in the middle east ( whatever that might be ) and we shot ourselves in the foot willingly . 
  so yeah , um , thanks . 
  the day of a joint eu army ca n't come soon enough . 
  as much respect as i have for the us , we 're too dependent on you for our defence . 
  and 28 minus 1 national armies just ca n't effectively organise any serious defence . 
  please get educated , for the sake of future generations . 
  slovenian here , can confirm , 3rd time hangover this week + another night of drinking today . 
  ca n't be sober on carnival saturday now , can we . 
  i 'd also like to know that !, 
  man , you americans really do have unhealthy food in your cafeterias . 
  sorry if i misread the context . 
  i 'm aware of all that , it 's just that is seems unnatural to me , as a european who had eaten lunch and a sort of brunch for the better part of his life in school cafeterias ( and later in the day at home ) . 
  we ate fruits and some simple meals for brunch ( never fast food ) and soup , ordinary main course , salad and fruit for lunch . 
  also never fast food . 
  your lunch just seems so alien to me , 
  what about glasscannon ? 
  anyone tested it out ? 
  my ex is an intj . 
  we broke up a good year ago , damn do i still miss her . 
  no one really measures up to her in my eyes . 
  they 're really something special , at least for me as an enfp . 
  edit : we had the same relationship dynamic as you guys have . 
  it can work really great , but it can have it 's downsides too . 
  depends on the couple really . 
  to be fair , i 'm from a european capital and have never seen/heard/experienced a pickpocket here . 
  afaik they 're only present in the big touristy cities ( think rome , milan , paris etc. ), 
  from slovenia , crime is really low here . 
  though our capital has only 300.000 people , so that changes things a little . 
  surprisingly good slovenian , have an upvote !, 
  and your right wing party is literally named `` left '' . 
  well , centre-right at least . 
  sorry , i thought you were danish on account of your flair , 
  pork is healthier than beef ? 
  i come from a pretty beef-less culture , so pork is viewed as the unhealthier option . 
  we usually eat beef only as beef soup ( national dish ) and then eat the boiled beef with mashed potatoes , horseradish and salad . 
  kotor 2 would be perfect if obsidian was given the time to finish it . 
  nevertheless , i still enjoyed it more than the original . 
  the soundtrack is a masterpiece !, 
  slovenia has a higher score than the us , the map on the other hand says it 's lower . 
  historically speaking , slovenia would in a situation like this also get annexed . 
  they even had representatives in the frankfurt parliament , as did the czechs . 
  [ map of 19th century german confederation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e9/deutscher_bund.svg/600px-deutscher_bund.svg.png ), 
  i 'd say it does n't play a significant role . 
  historically , people 's identity primarily stemmed from their home region and not the country as a whole . 
  so today , while the national identity is stronger , people still identify on the regional level to some degree . 
  and because our country is very small , almost every region is a border region , which means that people from that particular region will primarily identify with the nearest bordering country . 
  and as we and our dear neighbours have been here for over a thousand years , you can imagine a lot of cultural things to be alike . 
  cuisine , traditional clothes , traditional music , the local dialect , architecture , religion , to name a few . 
  relations with non-bordering countries such as bosnia and serbia are n't really a topic here . 
  i 'd imagine they 're the same as for other non-bordering countries . 
  as a slovenian , i do n't feel any connection to them , which probably holds true for most people that do n't have relatives there . 
  i do n't know with whom the majority of the country would identify with . 
  i 'd say we 're a mix of everything . 
  germanised slavs if you will . 
  with a bit of italy in the west . 
  do n't know about best , but a traditional sunday meal would include a beef soup and for the main course the beef from the aforementioned soup with a side of roasted potatoes ( traditionally on onions and lard ) garnished with cracklings , and a horseradish sauce . 
  a green salad would also be present , with toppings depending on the region . 
  my grandpa always said : `` raw onions in pumpkin oil are a standalone dish . '', 
  i could n't agree more !, 
  as a very forested and hilly country , nestled between the alps and the adriatic sea , i 'd say spring . 
  nothing beats the bright green forests and meadows , dotted with flowers off every colour . 
  add the sound of a nearby stream and the view of the alps in the distance and bingo , heaven on earth !, 
  i do n't know how this is handled in other countries , but if a policeman wants to search your car , he can only * look * at the car 's interior . 
  if he wants to search the various `` hidden '' compartments of your car , he 'll need a warrant for a house search ( nalog za hi\u0161no preiskavo ) , which is pretty tough to get as he 'll need probable cause . 
  i 'd say apple strudel is the main shebang here when discussing apple pastries , but pie works too :d, 
  * \u0160e tega spijemo pa gremo ... * ( just this one more drink and then we go home ... ), 
  - said after a few beers when we should probably get going . 
  alas , usually that 's not the case . 
  yeah , we probably drink more than we should . 
  that 's the down side of having vineyards left and right . 
  oberkrainers of the world , unite !, 
  well , the dough is more biscuit like in pie ( at least here ) , while in strudel it 's all leafy like . 
  does n't seem like dough at all . 
  so there 's that . 
  i 'm also not much of a hiker , but it 's pretty stereotypical that everybody plus his dog and mother hike regularly . 
  same goes for skiing . 
  i could n't list 5 people that do n't ski if my life depended on it . 
  ironically , i do n't ski lol . 
  i tend to agree , but i personally think we 're culturally more of a central european country . 
  cuisine , music , traditions , architecture , general way of life . 
  i do n't know , i always got that vibe . 
  but that 's just me . 
  fair enough , 
  can confirm , tarragon potica is the best !, 
  sorry to intrude , but i find [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuojumdu3ze ) really beautiful . 
  plus there 's an english translation in the top comments . 
  and of course , it 's a love song . 
  the eu law supersedes national law the same way us federal law supersedes state law . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  the eu has many federal and confederal qualities , despite being neither in name . 
  this is one of them . 
   most relatives live in ex-yugo countries, 
  poor phrasing . 
  i would just like to point out that it 's not common at all for a slovenian to have relatives in ex-yu countries . 
  if you do have them , chances are someone ( or everyone ) from your family immigrated here in the last 50 years . 
  and that demographic does not constitute a majority , not by a longshot . 
  seven hells , ca n't a guy read without getting spoiled ? 
  this thing is all over the subreddit ... 
  it 's official , we have peaked as a species . 
  came here expecting emilia clarke , not disappointed .
