ordered from ms luxembourg on the 2nd of november , order status is ` order processing ' and they have n't charged my card yet . 
  could anyone from the 12th of november eu launch countries share their experience with shipping ? 
  cause i really do n't know what to expect , hope we get it on launch day though ... 
  they charged me today also , for both the cover and surface . 
  ordered from luxembourg . 
  god i 'm hoping we get it on thursday , ca n't stand the thought of waiting till monday !, 
  all these negative experiences with hardware defects really worry the bejesus out of me . 
  i once hoped for a toshiba ssd model , now i just want minimal light bleed and no coil whine ... and getting it before the weekend !, 
  did they explicitly say tomorrow ? 
  i just got the email from ms and in the store it says order complete , but nowhere does it say i get it tomorrow ... care to elaborate ? 
   i really hope i 'm gon na get it tomorrow also !, 
  weird , did n't get an email from ups , but i live in slovenia and the express saver method says i should get it from the netherlands by the end of the 19th - which means tomorrow . 
  i hope that email is n't a prerequisite for delivery !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i tried , unfortunately ups my choice is n't available in slovenia . 
  guess i 'm gon na play the waiting game . 
  i actually ordered from the luxembourg ms store , but the shipment is coming from the netherlands . 
  i also have bleed and i am gon na return it , i just hope you can live with it , because i certainly ca n't . 
  tried , failed miserably . 
  i 'm guessing that if you 're so irked that you wrote here , you 'll probably want to replace it . 
  you 're obviously not satisfied with your product , 
  i literally posted about this 5 minutes ago and have just noticed it . 
  though i thought it was coming from the upper right corner where the mysterious coil whine resides . 
  i ca n't believe i have n't noticed it before . 
  yeah i 'd like to know that too !, 
  been waiting until they optimize the damn thing . 
  how widespread is this ? 
  i 've been through 3 sp4 units and none of them have displayed any signs of low brightness screen flickering whatsoever . 
  the screen bleed though ... that was horrid !, 
  i 'm not so sure if it 's the power profiles . 
  mine are set to max performance but the regression in performance is still there . 
  anybody else happen to notice this ? 
  : i have the m3 version . 
  i drank yesterday , got best of both worlds !, 
  got ta celebrate the glorious absence of open container laws in europe , obviously by drinking in public . 
  i second this , i also have microphone problems to the point where people hang up on me . 
  can anybody confirm this as a software bug or is it hardware related ? 
  thanks man !, 
  much appreciated , 
  i get that and it sounds plausible to me to share in the characteristics of both types , but some people here state that you can only ever be one of these two types , as they 're cognitive functions are all different . 
  and i just ca n't make a definitive decision as i see myself in both . 
  hence the post , 
  as far as i can tell , it 's just a bend in the kickstand . 
  thanks man !, 
   nice to hear some reasuring advice , glad it 's probably not gon na regress into sth worse . 
  one more question ... any idea on what caused this ? 
  i took a closer look and there seems to be a noticeable difference in the underside of the kickstand at the bulge part than on the right side , which is the normal part . 
  could it be that the folding mechanism is lifting the adjacent part of the kickstand up , hence making a bulge on the outer side ? 
  amen for the 2nd gen moto 360 , am still pissed that it did n't get the preview lol, 
  could i just ask , out of curiosity , a very non american question ? 
   why would you need math to read a 24h clock ? 
  edit : sorry , i jumped the gun and assumed you 're from the states . 
  you have to turn it off in the app before uninstalling it , just install it again and turn it off , 
  you have obviously never set foot in europe . 
  i have seen the us and let me tell you , you can actually see that society is more egalitarian in europe , the divide between the rich and the poor is less pronounced . 
  i am not saying the us is bad , only that europe is not a hellhole as your narrow sighted mind would suggest . 
  go read a book on the topic before spewing garbage like that . 
  that could really be it , thanks a million !, 
  apparently , my friend has super persuasion powers . 
  while being in budapest for new years week , we were drinking one night in this completely full bar/club and my friend went to the bathroom . 
  realising he wants to tear up his jacket for no apparent reason ( it was freezing outside ) he starts tearing it up . 
  but he ca n't quite finish it on his own , so when two hungarians come inside the bathroom , he asks them to help him with the tearing of the said jacket . 
  and so they happily fucked up that jacket , threw it in the bin and went their separate ways . 
  ah , my dad was even more careful !, 
  he changed the boot disk to the one without windows , so that when i came home from school and fired up the family computer , it would n't boot . 
  so i was around 8-9 and once saw him do it while pretending to watch tv . 
  worked flawlessly for half a year until he caught me in the act lol he was quite surprised that i could work my way around bios settings at that age . 
  and that 's why denmark is so successful with its flexicurity model , minimum wages are relatively high , firing and hiring an employee is easy and once you 're fired , the government steps in with great unemployment benefits , so you 're standard of living ( and most importantly purchasing power ) does not decrease while you 're looking for a job . 
  and if you 're skill set is no longer looked for in the market , the active employment policy of the government retrains you for a different employment option , so that you 're quickly reintegrated in the labour market . 
  the eu has been trying to introduce this throughout the union , but it 's a bit hard as the danes accomplish this by not fully complying with the statutes of the international labour organisation . 
  the danes are really all about flexibility and efficiency , their agricultural sector for example uses satellite imagery in order to guess which crops would be best used in the next growing season , given the predicted weather patterns . 
  well the definition of what a slave is is very different during different times in history . 
  while it is true that the lowest form of slavery , which is the one you described , existed in probably all slave owning societies , the romans had a lot of slaves that we 're enjoying very high living standards in respect to other people at the time . 
  most well of roman families had private teachers/tutors for their children , which were commonly greek slaves . 
  those teachers though normally lived better off than most of the roman commoners . 
  slaves could also be physicians etc. 
  and they could be freed from their bondage . 
  one of the most prominent roman jurists , gaius , is thought to be a former slave for example . 
  there were even laws that protected slaves from over abusive owners . 
  there is an account of a female slave owner who was especially harsh with her slaves and was consequentially exiled from rome . 
  rome was a fervent believer that public good trumps private good . 
  legally speaking , being a slave meant that you were the property of the pater familias ( head of the family ) and any wealth you accumulate is the wealth of your owner . 
  owners though regularly gave property to slaves to `` own '' , a peciulium , though legally it was the property of the slave owner , like the slave itself . 
  it all really depended on the attitude of society towards slaves , which changed throughout roman history . 
  it actually makes no sense whatsoever , 70 % of greeks support staying not only in the eu , but also keeping the euro . 
  contrary to what you may think , they are actually very much pro-eu !, 
  as far as economics are concerned , devaluation would still be out of reach for them , as they would still not be monetarily sovereign . 
  which would ultimately be the whole point of ditching the euro . 
  so no , not a chance . 
  i was going to write a respectable and intelligent response , but i just ca n't type through the flood of `` american exceptionalism '' coming from the screen . 
  eh , ca n't let it go ... 
  yes , the usa has been the world 's watchdog for the last half a century , for which europe has a lot of gratitude to give . 
  but in all honesty , that has n't always worked out as great as you think it did . 
  the war in afghanistan , iraq , syria and libya ( the last one we europeans messed up ) is the cause for the whole immigration problem we 're having now here . 
  without needless wars , islamic extremism would n't have exploded as it did and would n't have the left over military equipment to use and failed states to conquer . 
  yes , we did join you in all this as nato allies , but in retrospect , it 's hard not to recognise these campaigns as a failure . 
  look at libya , it was one of the most advanced african countries . 
  it 's a walking disaster now , the people are not better off . 
  and who foots the bill ? 
  we in the eu , through mass immigration that fuels the far right and indirectly upends our political system .
