  a study i would take more seriously is one published last year by ellen nolte and martin mckee in the journal health affairs . 
  they examined avoidable mortality -- that is , deaths whose risk of occurrence would be far lower if the population had access to appropriate health care interventions . 
  in that study , based on data for the year 2000 , france was also ranked no . 
  1 , with the lowest rate of avoidable deaths . 
  the united states was last , in 19th place , with the highest rate of avoidable deaths . 
  that 's a severe indictment of our health care system in my judgment and calls attention , quite justifiably , to the high performance of the french health care system . 
  this is directly related to quality of healthcare accessible by the non wealthy . 
  no , these funds are available without conditions , you have a problem you can get it for help , no debate no negotiations . 
  they build their carriers without the ability to use their own planes ? 
  that does n't sound super smart ... 
  if it 's like the french system , it was designed so that you fund about two third ( more or less ) of it while the rest is covered by the increase in population . 
  obviously can not be sustained nowadays with an ageing population , which is why we need to reform our pension systems all over europe . 
  people going to use it abroad also cut a dent in the global redistribution because your pension money is not re-injected into the economy anymore . 
  this one is misleading , either by purpose or by incompetence , the axis do n't start at 0 . 
  britain is a different case though , they are very huge for the eu on all levels and are pretty much on the same level of importance as the france-germany couple , so they can afford to be pushy and the others will accommodate . 
  switzerland ? 
  not so much , it 's good to have them but losing them would not be that damaging overall ( while it would be extremely painful for them ) . 
  and the eu would probably * have * to show its not bluff ; otherwise everyone will want even more specially crafted terms just for them . 
  while the uk can play that game due to their importance ( on economical , military , geopolitical , . . levels ) switzerland does not have that kind of pull . 
   i never understood how he got there . 
  sarkozy put him there by being a shitty president with a shitty team of crooked ministers . 
  the election ended up being for one of those two , and if you 're going with shit you might as well try the one you 've never tasted yet !, 
  i 'm an aubry supporter myself . 
  one of the major selling point of olympics is that it allows the host country to use the occasion and money to make a lot of improvement to its infrastructure in a very short time frame . 
  better roads , better housings , better waste disposal , etc ... 
  that 's because china used the occasion to make itself look more serious/modern and genuinely wanted to give other countries a good opinion of their ability to host something important , one more step in their way into the big boys club . 
  russia 's only trying to channel more money into some people 's pockets , putin does n't care at all about `` looking good '' to the west . 
  if you think not being like the majority means you do n't belong , then you do n't belong indeed , 
  you have to take this with a grain of salt . 
  well , two actually . 
  first , this is not about which countries have factually more corruption , but about which country is seen by its citizen as corrupted . 
  which leads to the second point , what do you include or not in corruption . 
  i would not consider my country as widely corrupted ; but then again i do not consider lobbying within the french legal framework as corruption . 
  others might . 
  i both agree and disagree . 
  i agree that it does n't start from them being unethical people , the problem and where i disagree is that long term the people in those countries start to see it as `` the normal way '' . 
  for them it 's not so much going around the legal way , but rather buying your way out * is * the legal way . 
  for standard of living , yes . 
  for comparing your weight when financing large projects/making commercial deals with other entities/etc ... , no . 
  in the eu , both matters . 
  if it happens , it 's probably going to start as a defense force for at least a decade , while the various special forces that do these kind of missions nowadays would stay out of it . 
  more so than the `` how do you agree on where to act when everyone has its own different opinion '' , no one in the eu is ready to let go of its core army to a higher authority . 
  and i think that 's a good thing , force us to to make that one properly compared to other half assed part of the eu . 
  for reference , this is out of  7.55 m people in catalonia , so a little over 3.1 %, 
  the funny thing is , that quote can be used as-is by both sides ; it only depends on what you put into `` secure '' and `` bad actors '' . 
  are bad actors those that allow any content unfiltered , or those that filter and censor subversive things to keep it safe for everyone ? 
  is `` secure '' one where people can be anonymous and not be tracked , or one where we can know who is who doing what at all times ? 
  on the same matter , we currently have a `` net neutrality '' bill in parliament that propose to do the exact opposite of what its title implies . 
  people seem to think it 's uk giving a hand to independent scotland . 
  uk is assuring its own future here , with this message sent : - uk bonds are not any riskier ( you do n't risk your bond becoming a scottish bond with lower guarantee ) , any bond before the split stay insured by the uk - scotland does n't start in the gutter debt-wise , which leaves it stronger , and since they will be a huge trade partner with the uk that 's a good thing . 
  one of those rare decision that are good for both sides , kudos to those who took that decision . 
  this move is not uk `` being nice to its current citizens '' , it 's uk realizing this independence thing has a non-zero chance of happening , and that means they need to take preventive steps and re-assure investors about their own debt ( can you trust uk bonds if it 's losing a chunk of itself ? 
  yes , those bonds will stay assured by the uk ) , and as a bonus about scottish debt too ( because scotland will stay one of their biggest partner , having them staying strong is important ) . 
  spain , for reason i ca n't comment on by lack of knowledge , refuse to accept the possibility of catalonia leaving , and as such they do n't do the same thing . 
  which , if the separation happens , will make things a bit harder for both spain and catalonia . 
  what i mean is that it has nothing to do with taking care of the citizens as opposed to an evil government who refuses to care for them , it 's simply a rational financial decision if you accept it can happen ( uk ) , and a decent political posturing if you want to discourage the split ( spain ) . 
  tl ; dr : spain does not say that because they genuinely want to hurt catalonia at all cost , they say that because they want to discourage catalonia from splitting . 
  if the separation ends up happening , they will make sure it goes right , because they need it to . 
  you aim for the left wing , i tell you that 's a stupid thing to do because the right wing did it as well and we should make it a systemic problem not a party problem if we hope to ever solve it otherwise they will keep throwing the issue at each other , and your understanding of that is that i defend the right wing ? 
  in what bizarro world do you live ... 
  since when is stating facts equivalent to making excuses . 
  as i said in my message , i think the way they did it is wrong . 
  but that does n't mean you can lie about facts , they did not `` ban this comic '' , nor `` all of this comic 's shows '' , and they have judiciary overview . 
  you do n't need exaggeration at all cost to defend free speech . 
  14 people voted against , and instead of decrying that you still make it about the one socialist who did as if it was worse than the others , or about the government ( and no , they should not act on this , separation of power is there for a reason , and if they make a statement it _ will _ be seen as the executive intruding in parliamentary affairs because that 's what it is ) . 
  not a single line in your message about all the ump members who voted against . 
  not a single line about two of them defending hidden name when voting on such matters . 
  if you wonder why our country politics are crap ( or , like your username claims , why this is a `` pays de merde '' ) , please know that you and people like you are the cause . 
  putting sides and parties ahead of facts never fixed anything . 
  this will turn emotional , but for those who wonder what actually happen , they did n't `` ban '' this comic per se ; in france we have limitation on speech if it 's hate speech . 
  this guy uses analogies and change the words in order to give anti semitic jokes , but they could n't straight up ban his show . 
  what they did instead , was use a previous case as jurisprudence , where the judge said that if a show has proven to trouble the public order/promote hateful speech , it is acceptable to prevent further instances of that show . 
  on that basis , our interior security minister asked the `` prefets '' ( in charge of the security in our counties ) to ban his show , and the conseil d'\u00e9tat ( highest administrative jurisdiction ) validated it . 
  in each area the ban was contested in front of a judge , and so far two cases have been judged and the judge agreed and the show was cancelled . 
  one of the solution dieudonn\u00e9 's lawyer have , is to simply make a new show , since the restrictions apply on that specific one which has been proved to trouble order . 
  dieudonn\u00e9 himself is not banned from doing shows , this specific show of his is . 
  and each representation has to be `` banned '' separately , and he can contest each of those , and a judge has to validate it at every instance . 
  i 'm not going to claim if it 's good or bad ( i personally believe you do n't beat bigotry by banning it , and i hate censorship ) , but there is not a ban on this comic , and the government/execute can not simply issue bans on a show without any judiciary contestation and review possible . 
   but somehow it seems the goverment is n't going to lay down the hammer on m. dassault , whose corporation is working on the rafale . 
  the government/executive can not do anything about that , it 's a matter between the senate and the judiciary . 
  the senate voted to not remove is parliamentary protection and for obvious reasons the other two branches can not force it . 
  if you 're unhappy about that , please complain to the senators who voted against , especially those that think it 's ok to have a hidden name vote . 
  13 voted against , 12 for , and one abstained . 
  you can see who admitted their votes here : http://quiasauvedassault.tumblr.com/ unsurprisingly , only people who votes for allowing him to be prosecuted accept to admit their vote . 
  but because we have most of the for votes , we can deduct who voted against . 
  it does n't happen that much in france ( with french citizen at least , rights of foreign worker is another joke by itself ) due to our laws , so some of our right wing now wants to push for it . 
  hearing a politician saying that zero hour contracts and accumulating part time jobs is a good way to solve the unemployment tells you a lot about how disconnected they are . 
  oh , and we should cut unemployment benefits too , that will show those lazy people that they need to work . 
  it 's not about creating jobs for those people , it 's about fixing these uncooperative statistics !, 
  my bad , because most of it was during the soviet union time i assumed that most of the know-how had died off or moved back to russia and ukraine did n't really have the ability to do one from scratch anymore without using soviet-time design , but it looks like the mayak design although only a proposition at this stage is 100 % ukrainian , and while you do n't own any launchpad you have an active deal with your old one at baikonour too . 
  adding to the list !, 
  one thing i remember from my visit to moldova is that people there did n't know all that much about joining the eu , but they wanted it because it meant russia would n't be able to buttfuck them at will . 
  and now i often see the same kind of comment from eastern european people here ( especially poles ) . 
  i 'm probably shielded from my french point of view of not really being bullied that way as a country , but would you say that 's accurate ? 
  usa , russia , france then later on eu ( esa ) , india , china , japan , israel and ukraine most western countries that you expect to be on that list used american design and/or launchpad to start and still now use american launch technology , and then when the esa was created the french technology ( arianespace ) and launch pad ( kourou ) become a big part of its basis and european countries used it too , that 's why they are missing from this list , they could theoretically develop it on their own if they needed it but they do n't have it at the moment . 
  this link gives the first satellite launch per country , you can see all 4 of those criteria and as you can see not many countries did all 4 by themselves ( the first criteria of owning one/financial , being simply the fact of being in that list ) ; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_first_satellites_by_country ps : both russian and french launchpad from that time were in territory that have since stopped being owned by those countries , french moved it to kourou in french guyana , and the russian and ukrainian have a deal with kazakhstan to keep using the old one . 
  it took france about 10 years to change its law regarding interrogation of suspect when it was found illegal by the echr ( no lawyer for 48 hours , `` little '' things like that ) . 
  they only changed it in 2012 . 
  so i would n't get my hopes up , france voted last month a law that gave them power to spy on internet communication with no judge , and giving it access to pretty much every agency , including tax office . 
  that 's because our salaries are red too .
