  it can be disabled . 
  so no the pointlessness argument does n't hold ; a disabled antispyware makes your action center go red and warn you continuously until you fix it . 
  also , an av supported by microsoft do not and can not use more `` hidden tricks '' that other av ca n't do , because microsoft lost several court cases for doing that in other fields in the eu ( see samba ) . 
  microsoft security essentials and it 's successor microsoft defender use the same api that is available to all software , other av included . 
  obvious reasons being ? 
  maybe i do n't want a microsoft product to scan everything i do , maybe because i 'm paranoid , maybe because i use a competing product , maybe just because , something that i could do in all previous windows versions including 8/8 .1 where defender was already included , and which is now mandatory for windows 10 along with its subscription to microsoft reporting service to which defender sends information about its findings . 
  even my samsung android phone let me disable the internal process scanning security service or run without one , as well as pretty much all other desktop os ( mac osx , any unix , linux ) , so not `` obvious '' why suddenly my computer ca n't run without one , and without the one from microsoft that calls home in particular . 
  windows defender ( scans anything running on your computer , disable if it thinks it should , sends reports back home . 
  re-enable itself automatically after `` a while '' if you disable it ) , windows update ( automatically download and install new things on your computer , can not be turned off anymore ) , ... small things like that, 
  first , treason does not need direct personal gain . 
  eg the cases of bradley manning , edward snowden , ... people argue whether what they did was treason or helping their country but no one on either side except a few lunatics say that they personally gained from it . 
  second , this whole `` i challenge the whole world to get my referendum , make false claims to my people then leave my position when i 've ` won ' and actual work need to be done , ignoring that my country ends up a lot worse than if i had accepted the original thing back in january '' completely screwed the greek but turned him from a barely known mostly irrelevant to the media guy into some sort of anti-system hero who probably has a couple of books lined up . 
  it 's not that it hurts the people . 
  it is that you do n't take another country 's resources without their permission . 
  especially on their soil . 
  also , you do n't send your military inside their borders . 
   creepy in the sense that people are supposed to conform to arbitrary social restrictions ? 
  welcome to the real world , where everything we do is judged based on social norms . 
  also , i do n't know how you got from it that i personnaly judged it as ok/not ok , i 'm not even the one who talked about that `` rule '' to begin with . 
  the european commission . 
  theoretically is it still dependent on democracy , the people put there are selected by the elected governments of each country , but in reality is it a farce . 
  you have countries taking a position in the ec while their government takes a contrary position , acting like it 's the `` evil europe '' , you get a parliament that still mostly has to follow the ec ( which is just as bad as when a country 's parliament ultimately is tied to whatever the government 's minister decides , see my country 's current state for example ) . 
  i love the eu and i want it to move forward , but the ec needs to change and powers between ec and ep need to evolve . 
  with that said , this is about the ez not the eu , so i think parent you 're answering to is aiming at the wrong target . 
  i would love a properly administrated federal ez at least on financial matters ( notably with proper flow of money from positive areas to negative areas , which countries wo n't ever accept or do properly because how the hell are they supposed to sell that to their electors , so it wo n't happen or will be botched ) . 
  note that those are explicitly in the context of someone from france ( used to french rules/safety ) occasionally travelling to bulgaria , so depending on where your from some advices/warnings might seem obvious . 
  also if someone bulgarian reads it , some things might sound exaggerated . 
  i believe other countries publish those but i do n't know the relevant website for uk/us/au / nz/whichever english speaking country . 
   most school kids say divide your age by 2 and add 7 to findthe age you can date . 
  that 's for creepy , not legal . 
  add to it that france is currently being the one insisting on stronger measures in the iran nuclear deal . 
   statistics can say all they want , i saw this happening first hand and was astonished `` i do not care for your facts , i have anecdotal evidences ! '' . 
  pretty much sums up half or more of the greek crisis . 
   the franco/german relationship is holy same here . 
  we had some of our fringe wannabe political people attack it but they were quickly targeted by everyone . 
  also , on the people to people level , french trust the germans just like the germans trust us ; `` i do n't like your plan , but i know you 're not killing me in my sleep '' . 
  those things were said by fringe politician and/or those that aim to `` shock '' to get elected and/or cultivate their own political image . 
  no current or former pm/president/minister of economy/foreign affairs said or would say anything like that . 
  considering how well our two country work together despite the rocky start between hollande and merkel , our relationship is still very much safe . 
  also , the non politician people love the german people just as much as you guys love us . 
  but our politician would indeed say that the german 's way is not the only way and we must find something that pleases everyone . 
  france has the 6th biggest gdp per hour worked in the world , if we 're `` hardly working '' then others are really lazy asses . 
  your answer comes out of nowhere . 
  he says a statement factually , i says his statement in wrong , with sources . 
  that does not mean i contradict ( or approve of ) anything else that was said in the discussion by him or anyone else , or other question that someone else ( you ) might have on the subject . 
  with that said , since you do n't seem to be able to search informations for yourself and instead piggyback them on anyone without notice : [ unemployment is slowly but surely declining since it reached its height in 2014 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/unemployment-rate ) [ while their budget is still in deficit , that deficit is also steadily declining since its highest point in 2010 , they were on path to reach a budget by 2010 before the crisis happened , and have recovered since then ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/government-budget ) . 
  i have no idea what you mean by iip , and [ a google search ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=iip ) only returns an economic index specific to india . 
  [ their debt has obviously grown during their recovery as a result of the negative budget , but nothing out of what could be expected , and the recovery in budget above indicate it will soon stop growing and start diminishing , similar to france ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/government-debt-to-gdp ) [ their growth as been on a clear and steady improvement since 2012 , and if they keep even half of what they have been doing since they would reach 1 % growth within about year ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp-growth-annual ) mais merci sinon , la prochaine fois je te conseille de parler du sujet du thread pas de sortir de nulle part avec des questions sans rapports , je ne prenais pas position . 
   if he lives in the south the gdp is the same of greece first , that is not true . 
  [ list of italian region by gdp per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_italian_regions_by_gdp ) lowest : calabria with 16,600 $ / capita [ list of greek region by gdp per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_greek_subdivisions_by_gdp ) over half are under the lowest italian one . 
  only one would enter the italian top 10 ( in a total of 21 ) . 
  second , italian is an integrated country , the money from the richer north flows to the poorer south to support it , so the state of public services is to be compared to the national average , not the specific region where he lives . 
  yes they will . 
  the `` plan '' in those cases is always the same , nationalisation of said banks ( together with massive devaluation ) . 
  greece ca n't do that with the euros , so ... 
  in france it depends on the banks owning the atm . 
  some give whatever , some ask `` do you prefer a lot of small bills , or mostly 50s ? '', 
  there are not many third country that are safe for those people and accepts to see them deported there . 
  in fact , there are none . 
  they also do not have papers / do not answer where they 're from , so they ca n't be deported back, 
  uh , yes it exists , you can easily find one in home equipment store . 
  not that you link to home depot , not wall mart ... 
  source being that i bought a few to equip the various offices at my work a week ago . 
  300 euros for a small fridge sized movable ac . 
  even if countries do n't join the eu , it 's in the eu 's interests to have its trading partners and especially its neighbors in a stable and developing path . 
  yeah , that 's a whole 0.02 % of their population, 
  a more integrated eu in terms of fiscal policies would not have had the same story happening as it would have been much easier to solve the greek problems , even those who do n't want it acknowledge that, 
  they talk about it since april . 
  they only do it now because they purposely want it to happen past the deadline so they can turn the blame around and `` troika does n't respect democracy and the people '' . 
  i understand what you mean , and while there is a clear difference that i understand to be honest i do not know how to fully phrase it to make it clearer and recommend you search for information on the matter elsewhere . 
  all i can say is , what is prohibited is not what may piss of others , or mocking others , or making them feel bad or mocking their beliefs , but anything that imply that someone is either inferior/worth less , or that incite others to apply violence to them or discriminating against them because of their difference ( again , be it religious , gender , ethnic , ... ) . 
  picturing mohammed , while angering muslims , does not imply they are inferior nor does it say people should hurt muslims , whereas the example tweet does . 
  what we punish is the incitation to hurt them ( saying `` people are right to hurt those who do x '' is considered roughly the same as inciting in that case ) . 
  `` i totally understand the january killers , charlie hebdo and those who offend islam should pay the price . 
  they only got what they deserved '' . 
  totally legal in the us , totally illegal in france ( and the justice went after owner of twitter accounts who published that kind of things ) . 
  you 're not allowed to incite hatred and similar against someone else , especially for racial , gender or religious reason . 
  ditto with saying `` the holocaust never happened '' , we have a law against negationism regarding the events of ww2 ( similar to a lot of continental europe ), 
  i do n't know mongolia so i 'm not judging on them , but in the case of charlie hebdo : it 's both true and untrue . 
  they wo n't let politically correct get in the way of our free speech , and they will actually push it on purpose . 
  if you think they do it for money to get more sales , just look at their sales numbers before the attacks in january , they sell poorly and are n't making money , everyone on board has another job to put food on their plate , they 're not a tabloid with massives sales . 
  so no , their `` shocking '' cover is not meant to increase sale , but to ensure even that can still be done as long as it is legal / fight against self-censorship becoming de facto censorship over time . 
  oh yes . 
  `` french/russian/japanese / ... is not near the top of my list '' is fine by me , what i have an issue whith is `` i have no interest learning french/russian/japanese / ... '' ( insinuated as '' ... ever '' ) . 
  i myself would love to learn a 4th language ( mandarin ) but have n't been able to do so reliably for a long time , so i understand what you mean . 
  eh , always count on a scott to help us french get back at the brits :d love you guys, 
  i 'm sorry that is the impression our tourists give abroad , but see my other answer above about that if you 're interested in it , it 's more about our lack of abilities and cultural/social norm regarding language than our pretentiousness . 
  also , i did n't aim your abilities in particular did n't mean to make it sound that way , i was saying that generally speaking it was an outlook i did n't agree with . 
  i disagree . 
  maybe it is a generational thing and older people were like this , but in my own experience people around my age who do n't like to speak english are like that because they are ashamed of their lack of proficiency . 
  there is the `` french people think speaking french perfectly is very paramount '' but they reality is that we think it about every language , not only french . 
  speaking english ( or german , or spanish , or whatever ) poorly to someone for whom it is his language is seen as a negative thing . 
  similar to every other eu country every french who went to school has at least 7 years of english education , along with at least a second language for 5 years , while that does n't mean they 're good at it especially since they avoid using it and we 're one of those countries where everything is dubbed ( meaning we have much less exposition to english ) , we 're not closed to learning other language as-in `` only french is worth learning '' . 
  what we do have however , is a `` the french language should be protected and not be put on the back seat '' attitude , that i will give to you . 
   i do n't french , and i do n't have any interest in learning it . 
  such a sad thing to say . 
  not about french in particular but in general . 
  learning a new language , no matter which , is always such an insight and enriching experience , especially with how it opens you new ways of thinking and seeing things ( eh , there are actual scientific studies on that ) . 
  it is my belief that everyone should have an interest to learn all the language they can . 
  we have 3 major satirical journals , all 3 have different `` aims and purpose '' of why they are important to our press : - fluide glacial is actual quality fun satirical .
