  but then again , i do n't see it happen in the us either , i do n't think the us could even elect an openly atheist or agnostic president at the moment . 
  i find making this whole comparison stupid though , i only answered because you acted as-if no country in europe was open on that matter . 
  france has the largest jewish community in europe ( 3rd in the world after israel and us ) , and one of the largest muslim community in europe , so while we do have tensions it 's not like we 're closed down , 
  fyi our far right after getting decent numbers in our municipal elections tried the same `` let 's not call a spade a spade '' thing here in france , saying calling them far right was lying and abusive and menacing of going to court over it . 
  did n't happen , probably because they realized they would lose in a very streisand-effect fashion . 
  please do not use what you see on / r/europe or any other place like that as a statement of fact on how people think and behave in a given country . 
  not only all the people commenting are far from all french , web comments are not exactly the best place for that . 
  i mean , when i see some idiot complaining about opening a mosque in new york because they feel it 's too close to the wtc site , i do n't judge americans on that , because i realize stupid people exists everywhere and we live in countries that give them a voice . 
  note that i am not saying what you refer to does n't exist . 
  i 'm saying the backwater morons are always the loudest , because other people do n't fucking care where you come from . 
  acta did n't have private tribunal to judge issues between countries and private companies . 
  this is several orders of magnitude worse with that alone . 
  sarkozy ( former president ) is the son of a hungarian immigrant , valls ( current prime minister / head of government ) is the son of a spanish father and a swiss mother , born in spain and only came to france once a teenager . 
  and we did n't spend months asking either of them their birth certificates on tv . 
  so it 's agreed then , france is better than the us ? 
  good, 
  angola is definitely not more economically powerful than portugal . 
  your gdp is much higher than theirs , your ppp gdp is even higher than theirs , and your gdp per capita is miles ahead . 
  just so you know . 
  that really does n't change anything to what he 's saying . 
   so yes , i agree with those people who rightfully condemn invoking wwii to justify or `` contextualize '' current russian actions in ukraine as utterly disingenuous . 
  you 're making assumptions about things i have n't said nor thought . 
  i did n't say nor think their ww2 actions is something worth invoking to defend current russian actions in eastern europe . 
  go re-read the ukrainian threads that i 'm talking about and you will see people answer russian idiotic `` we protect you from the western nazi '' propaganda by saying `` the west defeated the nazis , not the russian '' . 
  and if you try to tell them that in addition to being a retardely low level of argumentation , it 's also factually wrong ; you get faced with aggressivity . 
  just because your opponent is being a lying moron does n't mean it 's ok to fall on that level too ( proof being political debates , i guess :p ), 
  truth be told , when you read most historical analysis of the situation , that 's not entirely true ( of course the western front provided a lot of help by diverting german attention and hurting them , do n't get me wrong i 'm only talking scale here ) . 
  without the eastern front , the western one would have utterly failed ( for a time . . 
  the us had the bomb first so that would have changed things , although i 'm sure glad europe did n't have to be nuked ) . 
  but without the western front the eastern one would have still kept going and the amount of german force on the west was not `` that '' significant to be able to reverse the trend . 
  simply put , stalin did n't care how many people had to die , he was n't losing that war . 
  if that meant losing ten more million russian lives , then so be it . 
  i have no respect for the asshole , but the men who died fighting deserve my memory and thanks . 
  it 's not limited to france either , when talking to people being reddit or other or even in person , no one seem to realize the ussr defeated the nazis while the allies made a distraction on the western front ( that is not to diminish allied actions , i 'm very fucking glad they came in and cleaned the place up , i 'm from northern france ) you will find some who believe `` we '' defeated them , some who believe both fronts where as important , some who believe the east had more death but only because the ussr was poorly equipped the german strenght was the same on both side ... 
  but very little who will realize the germans had the vast majority of their army ( and their best units ) turned east . 
  i understand why that propaganda happened with the cold war ongoing , but that it is so pervasive today still is something i find highly disappointing . 
  and when you see it mentioned , it 's during conflict like the recent ukrainian one , where people accuse you of saying that as a way to support russia 's current day actions . 
  tens of millions of soviets died to defeat the brunt of the nazi force and the least we could do is to acknowledge it . 
  see my other comment , they did not run our of munitions , it was a political/budget move . 
   in libya the european nato countries ran out of munitions under a month into the campaign . 
  that is simply not true . 
  you read title instead of articles . 
  what happened in france , is that the budget allocated for `` external operation '' was accounted for so they technically `` run out of ammo '' on their allowed budget , and instead tapped into the actual military budget ammo . 
  this was a political declaration , in a context of france making cuts to military spending . 
  for a reference on how this was not a time specific issue of that conflict ; our external operation budget is around 400 millions while the actual external operation spending is over 2 billions , and that has been true for over 15 years . 
  do n't need to go that far , france and uk are making moves into cooperation in defense and added together they are the 3rd highest military spending in the world , behind us and china . 
  add germany and italy , you 've got the `` eu military core '' as 2nd highest military spending . 
  we make our own nukes , our own planes , our own missiles , choppers , boats , subs , gears ... 
  the one area we 're lacking is drones , but we 're lacking only if compared to the us , and have launched projects to fill that gap . 
  i 'm glad we have the us as an ally , and the us is definitely far faaaar ahead of anyone in military strength , but we 're not getting free security from them . 
  we did n't do any intervention in ukraine for the same reason the us did n't , nothing good could come out of it and russia was n't actually attacking `` one of ours '' . 
  you 're taking the analogy too literally . 
  the point is not that pakistan is unified and knows exactly whom to kill . 
  the point is that pakistan is a mess which most definitely wants to kill several people and acts on it . 
  the survey claims to be as seen by `` the world '' , not by the west specifically , and in that light iran is not doing anything that us/uk/france / russia/china/etc are doing , which is why i was surprised to see iran so low ( i did n't expect them to top the list of course , but to be in the middle ) . 
  reading the details about the list of 24 countries actually polled though , this is a western point of view poll . 
  fyi , you meant `` than by russia '' in your original message ; the lack of the second `` by '' there changes the meaning . 
  john is more favored by alicia than bob . 
  ( alicia favors john over bob ) john is more favored by alicia than by bob . 
  ( alicia favors john more than bob favors john ) just in case you did not understand the misunderstanding, 
  sure for pakistan , but what about iran ? 
  because despite the western rhetoric , they 're not really being aggressive compared to others . 
   i have to remind you that being against us nowadays is being pro-russia no it 's not . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  grow up . 
  had to pay the olympic committee too . 
  your premise is wrong , they did n't spend 50 billion to impress the world . 
  they spent 50 billion so that they could pocket half of it through back channel . 
  well , we had a big referendum to decide what kind of europe we wanted and when it was said and done our head of states decided we voted wrong and picked their choice anyway . 
  i feel pro-europe myself , but you ca n't be surprised that people get disinterested in a vote when you override their vote when you feel like it . 
  yes it 's the same here too , they 're much more motivated . 
  that 's also means in two turn elections the mobilization on the second turn often lead to a large loss on their side when they do a great result on the first turn , see the last municipales ( where in the end they only got ~ 7 % of the total votes casted ) or the famous 2002 presidential elections ( which chirac getting elected with 82 % of the votes ), 
  there was our mayoral elections a few weeks back , [ 60 % turnout ( which is historically low ) ] ( http://www.lepoint.fr/images/2013/12/26/2527619-web-abstention-estimation-20h30-01-1-jpg_2169264.jpg ) and [ fn only got < 7 % of the votes globally ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89lections_municipales_fran%c3%a7aises_de_2014#r.c3.a9sultats_g.c3.a9n.c3.a9raux ) http://www.lepoint.fr/images/2013/12/26/2527619-web-abstention-estimation-20h30-01-1-jpg_2169264.jpg fn voters always have very high turnout , which means the less people go to vote the higher fn will be . 
  eg in 2002 elections , the fn got to the second round of the presidential elections , big fuss and huge turnout at the second turn , in the end fn got pretty much the same number of vote in the second turn ( causing chirac to get elected with  82 % votes ), 
  it is not in realm of possibility that france would leave , no . 
  polls asking about that are at about 15 % of people wanting to leave . 
  25 % of 43 % voting means fn , the only party entertaining the idea of leaving , gets about 11 % of all people 's vote ( i give that precision because leaving the eu would almost certainly be done by referendum , and we have much better turnout at those , like at presidential or legislative where we get 80 % and 75 % respectively ) . 
  this is a terrible result , but this is what you get when you have an impopular president and you fail to make people understand how important an institution actually is ( tends to happen when get no at a referendum but do it anyway ... ) . 
  abstention at 57 % ... 
  damn people , we failed that one, 
  note that this is road death , not highway . 
  it is very different . 
  that 's totally expected , but since at some point we decided gdp was representative of the economy ( and its growth of economic health ) we have dumb situations like this . 
  people are not cold and do n't need to spend as much money of gas . 
  everyone 's life is better ( less necessary expenses on vital things and more money in the wallet ) , but gdp decreases and `` we '' see it as a bad thing . 
  i see , you completely missed my point . 
  i am in no point disagreeing with the way poland uses their money and even stated i agree that for them it made sense , nor am i saying we should get a say in how they spend their money . 
  given how different your understanding of what i say is from what i actually said , i wo n't bother to answer . 
  as for warships to russia , sorry but once germany , the uk and italia all refused to apply actual sanctions it made no sense for france to tarnish its image in the arms market for nothing . 
  also , it has nothing to do with the point at hand ... 
  i 'm not skipping middle man , i 'm just looking at the end result rather than the convoluted path we created for it . 
  no i understand that , but if there is goodwill to be earned with moldova ( and as is often the case with loan like this , good opportunity for the lending countries companies to get contracts ) , france could give the loan itself instead of giving to poland who then does the loan . 
  there is something i do n't like about this , but i do n't know how to phrase it without sounding like a nationalist prick of some kind . 
  we 're paying a lot to the eu , we 're one of those country that pays more than it gets , and poland is the one that gets the most , over 10 billions euros a year . 
  and i understand that this funding of other countries have indirect benefits for us too . 
  but in case like this poland use some their money for a form of foreign investment and earned goodwill with other countries , and i ca n't help feel like this does n't fully make sense from our side . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not complaining poland create ties with other nations , loan to them or anything , i know how i might be mis-understood here but i have no qualm with poland 's action and i wish you guys well . 
  i guess a simple way to phrase it would be `` if we 're so low on cash that we need to hike taxes and lower benefit , and if poland can afford to loan those 100 million , then why did we need to give them to poland in the first place ? 
  it means only 38 % of french people intend to vote ( number from the same polls ) and historically fn voters are hit much less by abstention . 
  this is disturbing because fn policies are anti-eu and say out loud they wish to destroy it from inside , fn current elected eu parliament members have a very low attending , and their general program is full of hole and made on rejection rather than actual ideas .
