  edit : well i 'm being down voted so let me clear this up : i 'm not really insulting him , i 'm from polish heritage myself , only pointing out that even deep in the crisis the one thing we french do n't lose sight of is how to enjoy life with the simple things . 
  and when deciding where i would wish to live , that counts for a whole lot . 
  but now i live in china . 
  i do n't know what 's wrong with me . 
  best guess would be your lungs ? 
  oh they totally are . 
  the thing is , the same drone without the ability to have a huge destructive payload ( bomb/missiles ) and a low radar profile to avoid being shot down would cost not even half of that price . 
  also , it would cost a lot less in maintenance per hour flown . 
  if the police were to be given top of the line drone , they would n't be getting mq9 . 
  the media and govs always find a way to make any slight negative into the core argument and make it look like it 's terrible and the end of it all we need to change everything . 
  in the case of norway it 's so obvious it 's really funny , but being french and reddit 's links being mostly from anglo-saxon sources , i can tell you it 's par for the course for economic reporting . 
  according to them , my country will become the worse economy to live in anytime now ... ever since before i was born . 
   wow spain is going back to full fascism faster than i thought . 
  those are reaper drones , they 're meant for the army and certainly have nothing to do with the police overpowering happening in spain . 
  that 's like the us is turning into fascism because they 're buying a new carrier , or the uk because they buy f35 . 
  the country in question may or may not be giving too much power and protection to the state and police lately , but that buy in particular has absolutely nothing to do with it and wo n't influence it . 
  even if the police were to use drones to control people , reapers most probably are n't what they would be using . 
  because that shit is expensive , it 's meant to strike missiles inside enemy territory . 
  a mere `` at home '' surveillance drone costs a lot less . 
   a policy that already led to the demise of the last french-indian arms deal uh , no . 
  the last deal of `` india will built themselves the majority of the french sold rafale after merely a dozen out of the french factories '' turned into `` rafale will buy over 30 rafale straight out of the french factory with no full transfer of technology anymore and nothing being built in india '' . 
  and it was the french side that was blocking the previous deal , because india wanted dassault to insure the planes built by hal factories as if they were coming out from dassault factories ( aka assembly too , even though hal was doing it and not dassault ) . 
  in other words , things were finally getting back before the `` hero of the people '' started to have a fit and renegotiated the deal , which resulted in 1 ) the gdp and any progress achieved going down the drain again , and b ) the new deal being worse . 
  but i 'm sure he will get a really great book and conference deal out of it , so that was worth it !, 
  ( not criticizing the greeks not even for believing and supporting all of that given the times and fake promises made , but that was pretty much 6 more months lost for them ), 
  it had nothing to do with morality , like any arms sale ever . 
  the reason the sale to russia was cancelled was not because russia was being a bully , but because it was being a bully in europe and threatening our european partners . 
  like any country which sells arms ( pretty much everyone ) we 're willing to sell to anyone , but not to the guy who intend to use it directly against us . 
  in this case it did n't , but our allies in the east felt it was going to be used against them so we agreed to cut it anyway despite not being threatened . 
  egypt / saudi arabia poses not threat to us nor to europe ( and before answering about saudi arabia and terrorism , that does not in any way involves the military that would/could get those ships ) , same as the fremm and rafales we sold them that they started using since a couple of weeks ago . 
  you did n't understand what he meant . 
  solar and wind have the issue of not being constant , and we need a way to store the excess when it 's high , and redistribute sais excess when it 's low . 
  one such plan involves norway as a `` battery '' , when power is high , country send it to norway where it 's used to pump water up on hills , and said water will then power hydroplants in norway allowing us to re-use it when solar/wind are low . 
  they did n't pull out of spain , they shut down only the local version of google news there . 
  google the search engine and money maker was n't affected in any way . 
  the french case is about the search engine . 
  they plan to use liquid hydrogen , not a big balloon of gas like you seem to think about . 
  the other two people said no but unhelpfully failed to mention the why : concorde was a supersonic plane ( above mach 1 , the speed of sound ) , which flew at a max speed of mach 2.04 . 
  this patent is for an hypersonic ( above mach 5 ) plane . 
  changed attacked for threatened to make it clearer but i really should n't have needed to ; some people need to stop being so literal and care more about the meaning of what is being said . 
  russia feels threatened , not from a direct attack but from a waning in their own influence to the benefit of the west in europe and china in asia . 
  so they make themselves look like the big bad wolf and attack some weaker countries around them to try and look impressive and motivate themselves . 
  nonsense . 
  it 's like those animals that make themselves look bigger when threatened to impress their opponents through illusions to compensate for the real strength they do n't have ( get on their back feet , make a loud/grave sound , have an eye-looking design of your back-fin , inflate yourself , ... ) . 
  you do n't do it if you 're the apex predator . 
  sharks and lions do n't do any of that illusion shit . 
  they do n't do weird looking stuff to impress you , either they 're coming at you to eat you , or they do n't give a damn about you . 
  and if you come at them they kill you because fuck you you 're a gazelle you dummy . 
  nato is the shark . 
  you do n't call a shark a `` spineless corporate drone '' because it does n't inflate itself to appear bigger when it gets in a tense situation . 
  uh , what are you even arguing with ? 
  i 'm not saying i 'm for or against debt relief not did i say either in this thread , i 'm saying the imf 's position is the same as the ez , which parent claimed otherwise . 
  and you 're arguing against something different , but answering to me , which makes no sense . 
  it 's not whether they 're richer or poorer , it 's that they had to deal with their own crisis the hard way and went through with the hard reforms , to regain the markets confidence , and it was the conditio sina qua none for the eu/ez financial support . 
  and again , that was n't the main point of my message , just a byside . 
  and that 's also why the ez is holding firm , cyprus portugal , ireland , slovakia ... all refuse to pay for a richer nation 's debt . 
  same with the eu overall . 
  everyone happily running in circle . 
  anyway , i was not asking the how or why or saying the ez should not do more efforts to fix this than the imf so your comment is not really following mine , i was saying that no the imf is not metaphorically `` switching side '' , their position has n't changed and is the same as the ez on debt relief . 
   waitasec , so now the new narrative is that the ez thought `` sure , greece needs debt relief '' ? 
  several countries have said greek would benefit largely from one , and a few said they needed one . 
  but none agreed for the debt relief to apply to the debt owed to them . 
  the imf is too saying it 's needed , but can not be done on the debt owed to them . 
   have i been hallucinating the ez denying any talks or inclusion of a reference to debt relief in the agreements ? 
  from the debt owed to them yes . 
  they were never against 3rd parties cutting the debt greece owed them , including the imf , and of course they agree it would be beneficial because duh . 
  never have you heard any ez country say `` oh no no no , no one can cut greece 's debt '' , what you heard was `` we wo n't cut greece 's debt '' . 
  both ( ez and imf ) are fine with it happening , and says it would be a good thing , but refuse to do it on their own part . 
  which is my point ; the imf is not `` more helpful '' to greece by saying that , because they refuse to do a joint cut and leave it at `` somebody ought to do it , as long as it 's not us '' . 
  well , get in line , everyone already has that position . 
   they 're pushing for debt relief , whereas eurozone is blocking it . 
  no , the ez is perfectly fine with the imf forgetting part of the debt greece own them if the ez does n't have to do it . 
  both ez and imf have the exact same position on that matter `` sure greece needs debt relief , but not from me ! '' . 
  at least the ez has some countries in it publicly arguing for a debt relief of the ez part too . 
  you edited your message to add it  if you 're being disingenuous then we might as well end the discussion here , good luck in your echo chamber . 
  why do you focus on my maybe uncalled first line and not on the actual content that follows ? 
  the imf is asking the eu to forget some of greece 's debt , while refusing to do so themselves . 
  how is that a show of the imf being more willing than the eu to help greece ? 
  agreed with the general idea , but mistral is a force projection ship , not support . 
  still makes no sense to buy it , though . 
  actually , poland should n't . 
  just like canada or australia or others you hear on these threads usually . 
  these are force projection ships , they need a top of the line naval fleet to go along . 
  no offense intended to my polish friends but it would make no sense for them to buy that given the rest of their navy , this is one of the last pieces you buy in your modern naval army set ( just before aircraft carriers and the likes ) . 
  that 's why there is no real buyers for it , the only navies that can use it beside russia already have their model for that or conceiving them ( us , uk , france , china , japan , india , ... ) . 
  while they had a great navy the ussr sucked at amphibious ship and naval projection ( they concentrated on subs instead ) , that 's why russia did n't have the know-how to build something like it when the need arised ( their less than efficient deployment in georgia ) . 
  the only possibly not terrible options would be an eventual eu group , italy or even possibly india but none of those want that ship . 
  these are ships with a price in the billions , more than half built and with a single possible buyer , that 's why france was so febrile to cut the deal . 
  we 're not getting rid of it , either we 're going to repurpose them for ourselves to not lose face , or one of our ally is going to buy them to support us but without the need , or we will sell them on the cheap to a country which does n't need them yet but we need to cut our losses and they 're getting a great deal . 
  the imf refuses to cut the debt greece owe them , just as the eu countries . 
  they 're saying `` the other guys should do it , and watch us not do it , and justify that to their own electors '' . 
  that 's not exactly helpful . 
  you know some european people are easily manipulated and biased when they make that kind of analysis when viewing those statements . 
  the imf is saying `` i will not lend unless other creditors agree on debt relief ( aka losing a part of the money they landed ) , but the debt owned to us can not be negotiated in any way '' . 
  it makes sense from the imf point of view , they have to protect their own members ' money , but you have to be seriously deluded to think they 're `` more willing to help greece than other eu countries '' when their proposal to help is to basically say `` eu countries should lose some of the money they 're owned , or someone else , anybody but not us ! '' . 
  they 're saying `` the other guys should do it , and watch us not do it , and justify that to their own electors '' . 
  that 's not exactly helpful . 
  windows defender was bundled with win 8.1 . 
  it works . 
  it needs admin validation ( uac ) to be disabled .
