  but they must work on the eu affairs of the elected parliament member . 
  mlp , an elected mep , used that budget to hire people who then worked not on her eu affairs , but on her national affairs in france ( helping for the national elections , etc ... ) . 
  that 's what this case is about . 
  2 - candidate for the fn ( le pen 's party ) in elections ( municipal , regional , parliamentary , ... ) were forced to take a loan from `` jeanne '' a `` microparty '' ( small political association ) created by marine le pen herself , and use said money to buy from jeanne a `` fn election kit '' ( flyers , logo , ... ) . 
  this way , jeanne earned money through both the kit itself sold with a nice profit margin , and through the loan interest . 
  jeanne earned as much profit from this in 2016 as the entire fn party , russian loans excepted . 
  this is already illegal for several reasons ( jeanne being a political party , there are lots of rules this conflicts with , and by using specific terms the public funding the elected candidate got for their functions by the state is siphonned back to mlp ) but then came the weirdest part : some of their `` newer '' candidate refused the loan , only to find that fn had faked the loan and faked their signature . 
  3 - the russian loans . 
  this one is probably the worse one ( or at least as bad as 2 . above ) , but it 's also probably the one that will lead nowhere given how hard it will be to get real proof . 
  it 's totally legal to get a loan from a foreign bank , but it 's illegal for a political party to get a loan in exchange for promises , and it 's even more illegal to get you loan by `` collusion with a foreign government '' to which you make promises , only for it to give you a loan through a bank it controls . 
  the bank that loaned them is owned by a close friend of putin , and then after giving them the money the bank `` closed '' and did n't ask for the money to be paid back at first . 
  it 's all really sketchy , but as i said i do n't think any formal proof will happen in this case . 
  4 - political candidate have to make a public declaration of what they have / own , under risk of judicial pursuit . 
  she 's accued of lying on hers , by omitting things and/or undervaluing properties she own . 
  she apparently did it to keep her public declaration consistant with the private own she gave to the tax office , and obivously given the tax office an undervalued one was to avoid paying the taxes she should . 
  this is only for the financial cases , and only for mlp herself . 
  the judiciary will ask parliament to remove it for this case , and the vast majority of it will vote yes , especially the lrem group , who holds majority and are trying to push a `` let 's clean up politician abuse '' vision . 
  the only party other than fn that could possibly vote against would be lr given how many of their own may be targeted by judicial procedures pretty soon , but even them will probably not be entirely against . 
  hell , they just fragmented into 3 different group in the parliament the past few weeks , i 'm not sure they can agree on anything anymore . 
  nobody is trying to restrain them . 
  they broke the law . 
  stole money from the eu and broke its rules . 
  broke the rules about funding of a party and an election in france . 
  anyone in that situation gets investigated , charged , and convicted and sanctionned if proof are found . 
  either they do too , or we treat them as special snowflakes that ca n't be touched . 
  you 're advocating for the latter , and for that i think you are absolutely wrong . 
   or worse , allowing someone more competent to lead the party . 
  our justice is independant , and no decision of justice should be based around such facts . 
  `` do n't go after her because the next one might be worse '' should not , ever , be taken into consideration by a properly working justice department . 
   but i 'm also against publicly financed parties in general and think that policy should be done away with first before anything else . 
  i 'm 50/50 on that , but the le pen cases go far further than that : taking eu money to fund french activities ( illegal , even if eu funding was not public , that 's not the point ) , forcing their candidates to backfund them through the jeanne `` microparti '' ( illegal for a bazillion reasons , that goes even far beyond campaigning laws and into financial laws ) , ...  as for the `` she does not believe in what she preach '' comment , that is what i mean when i use the term `` exhibitionism '' . 
  my point is that is it not exhibitionism , that 's merely the tool they use to hide their true goals and activities . 
  if we get scared by it , then their scarecrow did its job and we hurt ourselves . 
  sorry but i disagree with your view on two points . 
  first , yes it is good that our institutions remain unaffected by people like this and keep working . 
  what , because people have fascist/toxic ideas we should not want our justice to go after them when they steal funds ? 
  then we might as well capitulate already and give them the country already ... second , she does not believe in what she preach , as seen by her numerous 180 \u00b0 during her political life and especially the last campaign on every subject , the only ones she 's firm on are the ones she 's vague about because that 's easy . 
  she wants the power because it gives her immunity and money , which is what her family has been after since they founded this family party . 
  yeah because google is absolutely going to fight a slap on the wrist by hanging itself in protest ... 
  intel paid after crying to daddy us , microsoft paid after trying to play ball ... 
  if google does n't pay in time , a daily fine starts that can go up to 5 % of the total revenue of the entire alphabet group revenues . 
  that 's about 12 millions euros per day , until they comply . 
  i feel the need to point out that [ new zealand is actually pretty fucking big ] ( http://www.oversixty.co.nz/img/-media-12521-true-size-nz-hero.cache-620x305-crop.jpg ), 
  and that 's why the 4th only lasted 11 years, 
   may negotiating brexit because no one else wants to well that 's kind of how she got the pm position in the first place , when everyone went into hiding after the referendum, 
   the eu has n't even got a trade deal with any of the major economies bar mexico . 
  you 're joking right ? 
  if you take the g20 countries , any eu members currently has a free trade deals with 11 ( uk , germany , spain , mexico , france , turkey , italy , south korea , switzerland , netherlands ) , and currently negotiating with 5 ( brazil , japan , indonesia , india , saudi arabia ) of the 9 countries left . 
  the only 4 countries we are n't currently either having a treaty or negotiating one are the usa ( i think that one is dead ) , russia , china and australia ( they were on the tpp wagon , and have showed interest in a deal with us now that tpp is dead ) . 
  by comparison , the usa only has trade deals with 3 g20 countries , canada , mexico and south korea ( all 3 also having deal with the eu ) . 
  there are two non-eu countries in the g20 that have a deal with the eu but not the usa : turkey and switzerland . 
  and since leaving tpp and tisa the only country in the g20 with an open negotiation going for the usa is saudi arabia . 
  i do n't think you can find any countries that have better trade deals with major economies than eu members . 
  i guess it varies regionally then ? 
  in the carrefour i shop at they have lait de soja too . 
  not sure about rice . 
  and apparently in yours they also use it for coco and almond , while they are n't `` milk '' at all . 
  my main point above being , it 's not illegal to call those drinks milks ( if it was coco and almond would be barred too , since they present the same risk/misdirection ) , stores/producers that do not use that term are merley being `` good citizens '' . 
  the regulation this article talks about would put it into law . 
  not by law , you 're just seeing some product that are n't abusing the term milk . 
  you can very easily find `` lait de coco '' , `` lait de soja '' , `` lait d'amendes '' , ... 
  in any carrefour/auchan/lidl / ... 
  for the record , those system are receive only , you do n't transmit any information to get the positionning . 
  they could cut it , they could make it return false information , they could decrease the precision , but they ca n't keep track of you through that . 
  if if you 're point is `` they can through the device i 'm using itself '' then it does n't matter if you 're using galileo , as long as we do n't have a major eu smartphone manufacturer anymore ( and most of the important parts made in eu as well ) , that part remains problematic . 
  at the end of the day , your smartphone is a foreign tracking device that you take with you everywhere you go . 
  not when you have a deadline to negotiate one of the most important divorce ever , as well as the future trade deal after that . 
  the uk has really lost a lot of time arguing with itself , now it 's time for a semblance of an idea of where to go and how ... 
  if it 's true , the guy must be having a hard time breathing in between laughs ... 
  given that the eurofighter still does n't have aesa while the rafale now has , and that they also do our submarine stuff , i at least trust thales for the sensors part . 
  because that 's not the choice you have , you do n't start from scratch . 
  the question is not `` let 's make a choice between a and b '' , it 's `` we have a , do we want to lose it and get b instead ? '' . 
  meaning you would actively take away from the 49 % something they currently have and trade it for something they want less . 
  because business . 
  the uk is not the us and can not afford the same amount of stupid in regards to how they treat foreign investors . 
  it 's a bit of an exageration , like a few of the other points : since your phone is using secure software ( eg : you can have a fully encrypted sd card on your android phone , using non backdoored crypto ) , it would technically be illegal to use it on uk soil if the law was passed as may describes it . 
  this would , obviously , never happens like that , but using that kind of exemple helps in showing why her proposals are dumb as hell . 
  we do n't have proportional voting because we french are terrible at the compromise it requires . 
  de gaulle killed the proportional 4th republic and made the 5th this way specifically because we were terrible at it . 
  yeah he wants a part of proportional to allow smaller parties representation , while not going back to the shit show of the fourth republic , which means first party needs to get a sizable boost . 
  because somehow we suck at making concessions and alliance the way other countries like nl do . 
  if we could make mars hospitable , we could fix earth . 
  we ca n't , not yet and not for the foreseeable futur . 
  and the very people who are against fighting climate change are also often those against manned space missions , so i doubt it will help ... 
  at this point he 's probably worried about what he has created . 
  he wanted a mole inside the us , not a complete dangerous moron in charge of the most powerful nation . 
  no he left because the government at the time was not willing to go with the changes he wanted and went with a watered down version instead . 
  first it 's not an endorsement , those parties are fighting for themselves and certainly not endorsing their main `` opponent '' in terms of voters loss . 
  it 's defection of members to the new party . 
  and he did not need it to establish itself , except maybe the center , which was polling below 5 % anyway . 
  but it needed it to turn it into a sizable majority , which i do n't see as a bad thing . 
  well she really , really want to lose the elections i guess . 
  very very sad . 
  france doing slow progress is a `` feature '' of our system : whichever way it is going , we are very slow moving . 
  it socks sucks when it 's recovery time and we take ages to get back to normal , but when the crisis happened the inverse happened and our number for poverty , purchasing power , gdp , ... 
  took a much , much smaller hit that most others . 
  for reference france unemployment right now is lower than it was in the 90s . 
  not saying our system is better or worse , but you need to account to both sides of it . 
  what are you blabbing about france ? 
  i know the us relation with pakistan , and i have no idea what their relation is with the uk , but france has been a strong supporter of india .
