  turkey and serbia did n't get vetoed . 
  at worst serbia got a delay from croatia . 
  difference is putin pretends to be following the law . 
  he bends it at will , but he follows it . 
  in belarus , they do n't even pretend they need a law to put you in a hole . 
  the uk is n't a founding member of the eu , they begged to join and we let them in when de gaulle left office and stopped vetoing them because he did n't feel like they were in for the long haul . 
  the uk did n't like to have to bow to someone else telling them how crazy backwards their wishes were . 
  which makes the upcoming brexit talk even more intimidating . 
  and by that , she means that when a uk judge said `` yeah it 's totally ok '' , they were countered by a non uk judge who said `` are you crazy ? 
  ca n't you fucking read ? 
  this breaks several of the articles '' . 
  so yeah , it 's not that they want to change the rights so much as they want to be in control of who makes the decision . 
  having a good law on the book is not nearly as useful if you also arrange to have a failsafe to allow you to break it when you feel like it . 
  and i speak from experience . 
  the echr is the court that forced france to change its `` short jailing '' ( sorry , not sure of the english name , when someone gets incarcerated for 48h for investigation ) laws because we had stupid lawyers limits in place . 
  what i mean is , sometime , it 's good to have someone external do the judging , if all they can do is give more rights . 
  yeah , it 's pretty much the one thing the entire europe agrees on as making sense . 
  belarus is not in because they 're an open dictatorship . 
  making statements about starting facts is very different from negotiating , aka finding middle grounds . 
  that 's because charlemagne won . 
  history is written by the winners . 
  actually , not for the first ten years or so , he was mostly a `` good '' dictator fighting defensive wars against old european regime who could n't stand nobility losing out . 
  only after , what , the third time entire europe united trying to put him down and him winning again did he start being an ass by starting aggressive war and thinking he was unbeatable . 
  there was a thread about how countries felt about him a while back , and it 's funny how many have a good history about him . 
  even the russian tzar of the time insisted he be given reign of st helena ( aka not being sent to jail but keep being a ruler , even if a token island ) because he respected him . 
  mostly only the british are entirely bitter about him . 
  you have to remember the era he lived in , and suddenly you realize his backwards idea were normal for the time , yet he had a lot of modern ideas . 
  actually , `` police de proximit\u00e9 '' ( neighborhoods police ? ), 
  existed in france until sarkozy decided to disband them . 
  he is also the one who decided to merge the internal surveillance ( rg ) with external surveillance ( dst ) , to create the all encompassing dgsi in 2008 . 
  pretty much everyone one who know what they talk about instead of making political arguments ( former and current directors , ... ) agree it 's a complete failure that is a huge reason why our security services are so bad at stopping terrorism at home since . 
  so , yeah , i 'm not saying we were doing great , but sarkozy decided to smash everything we actually had . 
  i 'm not sure if you are very stupid and making a dumb statement , or very smart and making a joke about de gaulle and the 5th republic . 
  ( a military general , given full emergency power , nominates the prime minister , ... ), 
  traveling visa free is not the same as permanent residency and / or work permit . 
  ah , so not much after all ... 
  polls were showing his approval rating almost exactly as it was all the way . 
  `` mainstream journalists '' ( who ? 
  what name , on what paper / channel ? ), 
  are saying `` maybe it was made up because they did n't know '' , aka instead of accepting the painfully obvious and verifiable facts they 're making up an alternate story about people who manipulated the data . 
  if you check in the dictionary , you will see that this is the very definition of what is called a conspiracy theory . 
  no , i 'm just giving my point of view , just like you were , i 'm just repeating facts that people can check . 
  you 're taking it way too seriously . 
  are you against people sharing facts and making informed opinions or something ? 
  he was already showing growing quickly in the polls in the days before that . 
  he went from below 10 to 30 in fifteen days , not in two , and there were several polls in between showing it coming . 
  so i will take verifiable facts over things that `` some people '' said afterwards to try and create a conspiracy theory or whatever . 
  you 're free to do as you please for yourself . 
  does n't change the fact that the polls were n't wrong , which is what i 'm saying . 
  they showed his support as low when it was , growing when it was , and high when it was . 
  i do n't think so , otherwise france would be unlimited . 
  so a lot of people are really trying hard to fit this in the `` polls are lying '' rethoric . 
  fact is , `` 10 days ago '' was the last polls for the first turn , which gave fillon first at 31 ( with jupp\u00e9 at 30 and sarkozy at 29 ) . 
  the polls before that ( between 20 to 10 days ago ) were showing him gaining a lot of grounds quickly . 
  and the polls during this very week gave him far ahead of jupp\u00e9 all week long . 
  the fact that fillon is a surprise yes , and his entire ground breaking has happened in the last 30 days . 
  but the polls were very good at showing it growing and coming . 
  belgium has three officials languages . 
  dutch , german and french . 
  jupp\u00e9 was leading so much he pretty much stopped doing any campaigning , and in the second and then third tv debate it played against him . 
  would have worked against sarkozy alone , but fillon played his cards by making propositions and exposing his program . 
  no they did n't , polls from two days ago showed fillon first jupp\u00e9 second and sarkozy third , with fillon on a very rapid still going ascension curb ( dozens of points in a matter of days ) . 
  his family is from hungary , not poland, 
  `` centrist '' candidate ? 
  this is the right wing primaries . 
  the two main centrist parties do n't have a candidate running . 
  actually , it 's full of shit . 
  that area is called france metropolitaine . 
  several of the areas shown separately ( la r\u00e9union , la guyane fran\u00e7aise , ... ) are considered as integral parts of france and thus of its national territory . 
  see [ wikipedia 's article for france ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/france ) . 
  it 's not whether we have the might or not . 
  it 's why on earth would we want the weird and full of holes way to do things that you 're defending instead of simply doing the right one . 
  that is a stupid state of mind to have . 
  yeah and making your truck full of highly taxed goods go through the small road where there is no control is absolutely never going to cross anyone 's mind and the eu nor the uk wo n't have any problem with their customs being ignored like that . 
  that 's `` illegal imports '' 101 , whether on the road of by boat of by air , use second-rate/smaller paths . 
  next you 're going to tell me we need to make it mandatory for trucks to cross using highways , and then we will have come full circle . 
  ireland is in the single market . 
  he was talking about goods , not people . 
  schengen is strictly about people . 
  taking loans from a russian bank is perfectly fine , just like taking money from an us , german , english , french , ... bank . 
  what the investigation is about , is whether these loans could be a front used by the russian government to fuel money into those parties . 
  he 's talking about h1n1 i think . 
  ah look , east sweden is making jokes again, 
  uhh , ok i do n't want to worry you guys or anything but i think cthulhu is coming for a holiday there, 
  and its sister city , libl, 
   also although, 
  and that 's the little hurdle trump , farage & co missed when they thought their `` break the eu '' crusade could work : ** our ** core is actually `` strong and stable '' , we did n't just build the house , we built the will to live together , does n't matter how many problems the house has we will work on fixing them . 
  i do n't have the reverse number in france but i would n't be surprised to see germany in the higher 70 / lower 80 , which for us is pretty much a 95 % ( the only big country i could see getting a number as good as germany would be italy , because as we like to say `` italians are french people in a good mood '' ) . 
  mitterand was the textbook definition of a 80 's french-left president , doing nationalisations , worker support and other anti-thatcher measures . 
  i have no sources on this but i would n't be surprised if in the uk the very people who hated tchatcher loved him , and vice versa . 
  well to be fair this is terrible but unsurprising , as this is the era of france where admitting the truth about a bad thing to the public was unthinkable . 
  a year later tchernobyl happened and the governement claimed the radioactive clouds stopped at the border ( like clouds tend to do , obviously ) ... 
  because to make a deal you need two side saying what they want exactly , then making compromises to arrive at a middle line , the deal . 
  the uk still is n't able to describe exactly what they want in negotiators ' terms and with written propositions . 
  it 's not just in research but overall , cuba 's health system is really very good ; almost on par with the best western ones , whether you compare in education/facilities or in ease of access/price . 
  we genuinely can benefit a lot from sharing with them in that field . 
  there are several cases going on . 
  the one from this article is about the eu parliament case , nothing to do with the russian loans . 
  a very brief , simplified , opiniated summary of her financial cases going on : 1 - eu parliament members have a budget to hire assistant to help them in their eu affairs . 
  there is very little control over who , what they do , etc ...
