  in my ( french ) view he is not just a fool but also a very concrete and high level example of the `` special snowflake '' syndrome that we feel some in the uk display in regards to the brexit . 
   because a country most of them probably identify with gypsyland surpassed them it may be i read too much into your comment , but it seems you imply they ( croatian ) are bothered by you being ahead because they see your country as `` supposed to be inferior '' . 
  whereas from what i understand , it 's mostly a `` why are we stagnating so much '' , much like italy , croatia used to be doing much better and then just ... stood there in its spot for a while . 
  absolutely . 
  but if they want something that the rest of the uk ( or more specifically , england ) absolutely refuses , they will need to make a choice . 
  which is what parent was saying . 
  does n't say much when hollande was elected on the basis that he is not sarkozy, 
  do n't worry , they will find a way to blame someone else too then, 
  no , the fishing quota are only a masturbatory tool created by lazy eu bureaucrats following the advice of `` experts '' . 
  fish are infinite , everyone knows that !, 
  actually most of paris investment would be in infrastructure . 
  most of our stadium , swimming pool , etc. . would be renovations or extension to existing structure , which makes the proposal a good deal financially and in terms of development for the city . 
  which is exactly why we wo n't win , especially since we do n't have no extra money for kickbacks and bribes . 
  there is a reason oslo went `` fuck off with your olympics '' a year back or so , the ioc is n't really asking for a workable plan . 
  except the security . 
  i mean , the london games had to become one of the most `` ok '' in recent years and then you had that g4 fiasco , it 's really weird . 
  also sadly , with the recent influx of rich ( on the surface ) countries willing to pay their way into the modern countries list by buying a world cup or olympics , the ioc does n't care about place actually ready to host them properly and make a profit , otherwise return candidate with low costs like london , paris , ... would win easily . 
  i guess you do n't need to pay much kickback when your plan is financially sound . 
   what 's a priority for the french might be a back burner problem for bulgarians . 
  that 's exactly why the eu competitive office is for . 
  just wanted to point out , in case you did n't know , these case is studied by a specific eu case which coms down to `` who cares '', 
   it 's not just about terrorism but also about refugees that are basically living in makeshift camps all over the city which makes it look like a big slum . 
  ah ahn [ citation needed ] . 
  you need to get out of your internet circlejerk a bit , my friend . 
  during the campaign ok sure , i can understand . 
  but the vote has passed now , it 's not promises anymore its demands , and they 're still being idiots . 
  `` oh we had the best deal out of all eu members ? 
  yeah well we want to stop paying our contribution , and get an even better deal in exchange !, 
  ah , france has been winning pretty much everything handball wise for almost a decade now , it 's almost `` time '' we start losing a little . 
  at least we lost against a brilliant team . 
   1 billion nok that 's a bit more than 100 million euros , to give a frame of reference . 
  do n't know about finland , but here in france when an old relative who himself got him from a parent etc. . . 
  the attic is filled with dozens of old looking stuff , and you usually put them on the flea market to get rid of it . 
  usually by cost , and speed at which it can take and implement decision . 
  the eu is pretty good on costs , but not on speed . 
  how to do a coup in 3 easy steps . 
  step 1 : capture or kill the leader you want to take off . 
  the `` coup '' went after everyone but not erdogan . 
  he was so not threatened that he stayed flying around near istanbul for god knows how long , in a plane that was literally broadcasting its position on the internet . 
  when they had fighter jets near him , they did n't send them . 
  step 2 : stop communication to impede their ability to react . 
  they can shut down youtube on a whim but they failed to even try stopping twitter and facebook , which erdogan used to rally his men on the street . 
  step 3 : impose martial law and make sure people do n't go outside until the situation is in control . 
  they let everyone go outside until it reached the critical point of them being so numerous as to not be scared of the soldiers . 
  despite knowing full well what was coming due to erdogan messages on social media . 
  i sure hope this was a fake coup , because otherwise the turkish military has some absolutely terrible leaders in place . 
  it 's not merely a shit coup , it 's an absolute failure on all levels . 
  at some level i hope this was a fake coup he planned himself , otherwise that means turkey 's military is absolutely incompetent . 
  if you take the `` how to make a coup in ten easy steps '' rulebook , they somehow managed to fail at ten out of ten steps . 
  he uses it to get the control he wants , but he has no intention of going all the way iran style , because in that system it 's not the president that holds the actual power , it 's the religious authority . 
  that 's who gulen was and that 's why he 's afraid of him now and putting the secularist back in place in the army . 
  oh i 'm sorry , i did n't take your question as `` how did he really do it if it even happened '' , but rather as `` how does christianity interpret it , what does the religion says happened '' . 
  what it says is that jesus was a vessel for god 's miracles , for stuff like healing the sick , giving vision back to the blinds , turning water into wine , multiplying food , ... at least in catholicism , which is what i was taught about . 
  definitely not in catholicism . 
  the bible itself quotes jesus , as he is crucified , saying `` my god , my god , why did you forsaken me ? '', 
  clearly not referring to god as himself . 
  in christianity , at least catholicism , it 's quite literally factual `` magic '' , but it 's not jesus who has it , instead he acts as a vessel/link for god 's miracles , being his direct son through immaculate conception . 
  what are you like , an expert ? 
  citing facts and stuff ? 
  are you implying british people lie ? 
  yeah and in terms of `` largest armies '' , north korea is in the top 5 of the largest armies in the world . 
  i do n't understand your question ? 
  just like any trial when the suspect is in another sovereign country you ask for extradition . 
  the revenue ranking counts internal tourism receipts too . 
  given the population difference , i 'm actually surprised the us total is n't much higher . 
  and for people wondering about macau , it 's china 's las vegas , only place where gambling is legal . 
  why ? 
  i 'm glad for them , and since then they also unified back and with french approval , despite knowing it would make them bigger than us . 
  the whole `` let 's become great friends so that it never happens again '' was not just words , our people have become trusting friends who want the well being of each other . 
  so , she was born polish but chose to live as a french ? 
  no this is not the reason . 
  see southern us states . 
  too little sex education is why girls get pregnant without wanting it , but sadly in our world that is very different from girls with an unwanted pregnancy getting an abortion ( except in the soviet union area because they were more rational than us on that matter ) . 
  yeah but being out of the eu , even if in the eea , even a dreamed `` eea minus '' the uk would have no vote nor veto on regulations to the financial sector . 
  like say , the tax on operations that both paris and germany wants but the uk blocked . 
  so really the uk best case scenario if art 50 is triggered ( that is a eea minus deal and agreement by other countries that you can have access to the financial market ) , a very unlikely scenario , is one where you 're still at a lower position than before having all the obligations , losing all the advantages you had before ( the exemptions ) , losing your votes , your veto , and only winning the right to deny eu immigration with it being almost nothing compared to your center-asian immigration . 
  usually the lamb does n't slit it 's own throat without no one asking it too though, 
  yeah but that guy is an expert and the british people have had enough of them and their opinions !, 
  they felt in their gut that it was n't true, 
  i understand , but on the plus side , if you hurt from it you will get eu founding . 
  they wo n't anymore . 
  not saying this is all perfect hut of the two of you i would n't want go be the uk in this coming negotiation . 
  they want better terms than before while they wo n't even possibly get as good as what they had , yet their politicians sold it the other way around to their populace . 
  even that greek politician was n't dumb enough to act on the referendum he did n't want to actually win but won anyway . 
  if the uk does it , they 're going to be begging left and right . 
  i understand your concern but i disagree . 
  it 's not about not giving preferential treatment , it 's about ireland being able to say `` well , if that 's not even on the table let 's forget the whole thing '' . 
  you can block a deal which include banking passporting right but not whatever you want . 
  the 3 countries with possibly the most power over the uk right now are ireland , france and spain . 
  anything you do n't like and you can say no , no justification required . 
  i think it will take some time for the uk to realize it ca n't strong arm you , and even germany wo n't be okay with spending as much political capital as needed to make you bend as a favor for the uk . 
  because he said `` in the west '' and france in in there, 
  de gaulle would have spent the week telling merkel `` alors , j' avais pas raison ? 
  putain de rosebeef ! '', 
  the fact that this is almost a 1:1 match for uk / scotland makes it even funnier, 
  the only thing that matter for the city proper is banking passporting right in the eu . 
  i sincerely doubt we 've been spending the last 40 years denying it to the swiss only to give it to the english for free . 
  yeah it 's not like the bazillion s and z in our family name gives it away ... 
  i have a french name , i speak french and my family always made it clear i 'm a frenchman of polish heritage , not the other way around, 
  no , france said no talk until the uk leave , and spain said no talk until scotland are independent .
