  and most of the time , in london . 
  oh , also , everyone ( individual or company ) who has a bank account in a uk bank will need that bank to get authorized in their country , and everytime they do a cross country financial operation they will hit the same regulation wall . 
  so , they pretty much wo n't and open a new bank account in a eu country instead . 
  ( as for the probability of the uk to get a deal on passporting right , we spent the last 40 + years denying it to the swiss even when offered a metric ton of money for it , so ... ), 
  well it 's basically a list of their demands , and why it would make no sense for the eu to agree to any of them because they 're all a loss for eu and win for uk compared to the current situation or to no deal at all . 
  seriously , `` we want to be in the customs union , but only for the sectors we are good at '' ? 
  `` we want a trade deal that includes services , but without having to respect the european court of justice '' ? 
  those are the demands of lunatics . 
  why on earth would the eu say anything other than `` hell no '' to that . 
  and on top of that they do n't even hide that they 're going to `` bribe '' the smaller poorer countries outside the eu budget to help their cause . 
  well , assuming `` they '' refers to the people in charge , they do n't want it either . 
  may was for remain , and all the top leave people , well , left . 
  the only one still there is that idiot boris whose only purpose right now seems to be burning as much good will as he can with the countries they 're about to try and negotiate a good exit deal with . 
  that the city does n't want it is just icing on the cake . 
  yeah it 's also been said many times that it was the day after the vote , or wait no in three months , or wait maybe in april ... at some point it 's just the boy crying wolf . 
  one common point of contention is that due to nafta it would be easy for us companies to use canada as a `` proxy '' to europe , while negotiation of our trade deal with the us has gone kind of south because we do n't really either want it or feel ready for it . 
  dumb , but still a better reason than what people actually voted for . 
  kind of sad . 
   it 's unheard of when those regions comprise of such a small fraction of the negotiating party as a whole . 
  this region of belgium by itself has roughly the same amount of inhabitants than estonia , latvia , malta and chypre added together . 
  one of those alone having veto right is obviously not `` unheard of '' , since they 've had it on every vote ever since they are members . 
  so , uh , no . 
  we did n't actually call their bluff , they called their own bluff themselves . 
  and then they ( the politicians ) realized the population was not bluffing . 
  i 'm really not sure if it is sad or hilarious . 
  oh the uk can . 
  but the thing is , the uk does n't want a mere `` free trade deal '' . 
  they do n't just want free movement of goods . 
  they also want free movement of capital , and services . 
  oh , and bank passporting right . 
  no free trade deal includes that , not ceta nit the ttip not tafta , ... 
  the single market does but it also has free movement of people . 
  and so the uk is saying `` we do n't want the single market !, 
  we want a free trade deal that includes everything from the single market , but not movement of people !, 
  totally different . '' . 
  free trade of goods without free movement of people is totally acceptable for the eu , and the uk can negotiate that . 
  but with 80 % of their economy being services and 10 % of that being banking , free movement of good is the least of their worry . 
  case in point , when abbot offered his idea of a quick deal between australia and uk a few days ago , he included free movement of goods and people , but not services nor capital . 
  your last sentence sounds like `` if you do n't accept that , you 're not going to get a deal with the us '' ... 
  but we already said we do n't want the us deal either . 
  man for people who are so keen to leave and so happy it 's happening , you sure are slow to actually do it . 
  it 's been 6 months now and you 're still delaying another 6 . 
  either admit you were wrong or get out already , right now you just look kind of pathetic with your `` there is no plan '' and `` i never said that '' and `` well we will do it soon , but another delay first '' . 
  you 're both right and wrong . 
  the uk is , in fact , a member of its own right . 
  it is also , in fact , a member under the eu umbrella , who negotiated for all its members . 
  as a result , wto rules say that in theory continued membership can be disputed after the uk leaves , on the request of any member of the wto . 
  it also states consensus to keep them in can be vetoed by any wto member . 
  the uk complete lack of interest in cultivating good will with the countries they want deals with , both in eu and wto , is really weird and i can only understand that as politicians looking to score election points at the expense of their country . 
  which is why the uk keeps delaying article 50 invocation . 
  fun fact : uk wto membership comes from eu membership and in theory should be renegotiated once the uk leave the eu , giving a veto to all wto members . 
  of which are , among others , mont\u00e9n\u00e9gro , russia , argentina , ... 
  it 's like the more you try to look deeper into details , the more the uk position sucks, 
  what 's not open to debate is that only one country voted to leave , and i france the only party who meant to leave has never had even a third of the vote in any election . 
  yeah the eu has massive issues , hell i 'm from france we voted no on the constitution and yet the lisbon treaty happened , that alone shows the extant of the issue . 
  but the thing is , overall , being in is still beneficial for the european countries . 
  some do n't get as much gain as others , and we should work on that , but they 're still better than out . 
  not only do many in the uk fail to see this despite the uk history before and after joining ( sick man of europe to great growing economy ) , but the uk is also the main force against further integration and fixing of what 's wrong . 
  yet despite all that , and the arrogance and the insults , we kept giving them special benefits and opt out so that they would stay in . 
  and they still voted to left . 
  that 's why a lot of european feel like `` well then fuck you if that 's what you want '' . 
  i 'm sorry but those of voting age that chose not to go vote can hardly complain that their voice is n't heard on the matter . 
  they chose not to be heard . 
  that 's entirely different from the 48 % that voted remain . 
  they said they would support scotland plans is they leave following a bilateral referendum, 
  i ca n't possibly be led to believe there is an individual smart enough to get in such a position of power yet dumb enough to not understand why every single one of those `` red lines '' makes it impossible full stop to get access to the single market . 
  this is not a negotiation , this is an idiot banging his head against the wall . 
  they want to be in the single market , but without free movement and without contributing to the budget ? 
  at this point they must be trolling on purpose, 
  well we did n't ask them to leave , if they want to stay two more years it 's up to them . 
  i thought they wanted control back or whatever , but eh if not so urgent then fine . 
  remember it 's the australian side that suggests that , it does n't say anything about uk being ok with it . 
  also , this deal would n't be liked by the uk . 
  remember the 4 pillars of the single market , and how the uk want to cherry pick and remove movement of person that does n't please them ? 
  abbot is doing the same kind of thing here , his idea of a deal does n't include free movement of capital nor of services , which are probably more important to uk than goods . 
  depends . 
  iceland believe it is good for them because fishing is very important to their small economy , and norway is basically the owner of that deal , they pay the full price they would as eu members but get the few exemptions they wanted in exchange for no voice in votes . 
  it 's mostly a pride matter and a `` because we can afford it '' . 
  so for them specifically , it is a good deal , it 's the one they wanted . 
  for others , it 's kind of terrible . 
  it 's also why '' % of norwegian who wants to join the eu '' polls are misleading , and why no , norway and iceland were n't thrilled to see the uk saying maybe they could join it , it 's they own personal deal they do n't want the uk and its very different needs to come `` pollute it '' . 
  so yeah , for norway it makes total sense . 
  for the eu , it 's ok because norway agrees to do basically everything in exchange . 
  for another country like mont\u00e9n\u00e9gro , that would be absolutely terrible . 
  in the original plan , france was going to build one of those to complement the charles de gaulle ( and the uk to build two of its own ) . 
  there was a big outcry by the french navy when that was scraped , with no plan to provide a second carrier at the time being , as having two carrier is kind of mandatory for proper usage ( and now force the navy to delay maintenance operations to the limits ) . 
   they can field american naval planes only the b variant , which only the us marines will use . 
  the other us forces will use the c variant for carrier based operations , which ca n't use a carrier without catobar . 
   france after all cancelled its plan to cooperate with the british on the new aircraft carriers uhh ... of course we did . 
  we had two request , nuclear powered and catobar . 
  the british argued against nuclear , and we could ultimately have found a deal one way or the other , but then the british moved on to `` protect '' the f35 project ( huge for several uk companies , in particular bae ) at a time it was in trouble with some countries having talk of pulling back . 
  as a result , they took catobar out of it , which had a cost of a couple hundred millions ( for ships with a per unit cost of over 3 billion ) . 
  that meant ** absolutely no modern fighting plane other than the f35b can land on it ** . 
  the french obviously could n't go with that design , since they need their plane to land on it . 
  it also left france with only one carrier , which is a bad situation , and with several hundred millions of euros sunk into a project it can not use . 
  i do not entirely blame the uk for that , it made sense for them politically and economically , but it as still a bad move that made no strategic , cooperative or military sense . 
  you mean on gm , ford and other american companies ? 
  because vw is european . 
  if the fines in the banking sector are anything to go by , they will be hit harder than any american company has - the french bp , sogen , ... have been hit with bigger fines than the combined fines of banks responsible for the 2007 fiasco and the banks convicted of helping launder drug money added together . 
  especially now with the us wanting to `` escalate '' the conflict over tax ( eu vs apple , soon to go after mcdonald , amazon , ... too ) .
