   for nato to be a successful organisation , it needs to intervene in smaller conflicts , if only to send a message to players like russia that it 's not going to stand by and wait to be invaded . 
  if its only play is the defensive , it 's only a matter of time before that gets exploited . 
  no it does n't . 
  nato is already a successful organisation , it has deterred any major attack on its smaller members even at the height of the soviet union . 
  neither the su nor russia ever did an attack on a nato member , that they attack ukraine or georgia , both not nato and in usual their sphere or influence , does n't change anything to that . 
  agreed , his proposition is stupid . 
  nato is mostly a defensive alliance , if being a member suddenly means getting dragged into random wars expect a lot of members to start pulling back . 
  the guy wants to take action in ukraine , but he does n't want to do it himself / want the `` big boys '' to go at it , we do n't want it , so instead he wants to re purpose nato . 
  good luck with that , not happening . 
  well yes , they have no idea what happened so it could have been shot down . 
  it could also have been captured by aliens , for that matter . 
  a vision of the eu that does n't change its political structure and over bureaucracy , and still deals with low growth in ten years is not very optimistic . 
  we do n't suck at software . 
  we suck at b2c software . 
  we are really good at b2b software . 
  brings a ton of money , but the general public does n't know much about it the way it knows about the software it directly uses . 
  i 'm not saying the plan is bad nor that making a plan is bad nor that being prepared is bad . 
  i 'm not sure why you answer that to my message . 
  i 'm saying i find funny to imagine them spending month thinking about it together like the article describes to then decide on `` shoot them '' which is fighting off invasions 101 . 
   having watched russia 's undercover operatives quickly and effectively create their own facts on the ground in ukraine [ ... ] nato policy makers and strategists have spent months grappling with the question of how best the alliance should position itself to deal with moscow 's subversive tactics . 
  eh , the way is it presented i funnily imagine those `` policy makers and strategists '' around a table , thinking about it for `` months '' , and then one of them says `` i know !, 
  i found it !, 
  we should shoot them . '' . 
  then everyone starts congratulating each other `` wow , we did it guys '' . 
  it being big does n't matter much to my point , which is that it is one of the biggest economy ( ~ 15th gdp nominal , ~ 12th gdp ppp ) yet like i said to another comment : [ there are only 15 countries with a nominal gdp above a trillion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) ) , and i 'm sure if you asked some of your friends to list them mexico is the one all of them would not know . 
  i am in no way saying or implying anything about the development of their economy ( and they do indeed have a gdp per capita representative of a still not fully developed economy ), 
  [ there are only 15 countries with a nominal gdp above a trillion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) ) , and i 'm sure if you asked some of your friends to list them mexico is the one all of them would not know . 
  also , [ by ppp gdp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29 ) mexico and italy are roughly at the same level ( two indexes out of three put mexico ahead ), 
  the us asked for help from their nato allies including france against aggression by afghanistan in 2001 ( by invoking their obligation to defend them from an attack under nato article 5 , the only time it has ever been invoked ) . 
  their allies , including france , answered and came to their help . 
  could they have done without the help ? 
  sure . 
  but that 's not my point . 
  i like that after so little time not only can we joke about that , but we 're also two of the countries whose population like and trust each other the most . 
  in many ways , our deep friendship with germany is even more amazing than the one we have with england . 
  i 'm not sure if you answered to the right comment , i did not talk about germany nor compare our growth to theirs . 
  i 'm just saying 0.6 % is not awesome but it 's good considering where we come from . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you by the way , i just do n't understand why you answer that to my message , 
  for some reason italy and mexico are the two * huge * economies that people always forget . 
  they should scrap their benefit systems , obviously it 's from another era and far too generous , the country ca n't sustain itself like this, 
  you 're correct but not going to happen , we 're aiming for 1 % in 2015 . 
  one of the reason is that energy consumption is a decent part of our gdp and for obvious reasons it goes down a lot in q2/q3 . 
   germany along with france , is the country that disagrees with u.s. foreign policy the most uh , not at all ? 
  or did you forget to add '' ... among the us close allies ? '' . 
  because there is a long list lot of countries that disagree far more than those two . 
  hell , even without talking about the obvious ones ( china , russia , ... ) , pretty much the entire south american continent qualifies . 
  in fact france is pretty much aligned with the us foreign policy on almost everything ( which is why the few exception are so talked about , they 're surprising / not expected ) . 
  bah , let them , not worth the bother . 
  there are two kinds of people making that joke these days : * people who keep re-using an old and washed up joke , they 're not bad-meaning but if they really find it funny they are probably not that interesting to talk to , better to avoid it * people who genuinely believe what they 're saying , which means they are lacking in history education and the kind of person who likes to talk with authority about subjects he does n't know anything about , and fails to realize his own lack of knowledge , you do n't argue with idiots like that there is no way this can be constructive or bring you anything at the end of the day if/when some of these people face an aggressor they will forget their joke and call on france to help them , and france will answer and be there . 
  and there wo n't be jokes then . 
  it seems like you argue that germany should have been affected the same way france did , but you 're answering yourself too :  they rarely take part in any military action which is why  the germans did exactly the same did n't matter . 
  it was kind of expected from germany , but not from france . 
  also :  much less even than the french this imply that france takes rarely part in military action , while it is in fact one of the most active country in the world ( for better or worse ) . 
   seriously though , i though 0.6 % growth for france was bad news ... you do n't go from 0 to 100 in a single move , you have to accelerate to get there . 
  is 0.6 % a good growth interpreted on its own with no context ? 
  not really . 
  is moving from 0.2 % for the entire 2014 year to 0.6 % for a single quarter of 2015 a good growth and a sign we 're getting in the right direction ? 
  yes . 
  although to be fair , 2014 was a really really terrible year on that front . 
  2014 q2 | 2014 q3 | 2014 q4 | 2015 q1 | 2014 -- | -- | -- | -- | -- -0.1 | 0.2 | 0.0 | 0.6 | 0.2 ( [ source insee ] ( http://www.insee.fr/en/themes/info-rapide.asp?id=26 ) ) between the rise of the dollar , the ecb finally doing qe and oil going down we had some help on our side , so now we have to see if we can keep going and solidify this trend . 
  to be fair they never stopped, 
  not saying it is perfect , but in france we have a sort of catch-22 : schooling is mandatory for kids until 16 , and you ca n't get in if you kid is n't vaccinated . 
  also , anti-vaccinations advocates are not given much air time and not treated very seriously so far . 
  ( vaccination is also mandatory ), 
  no , majority : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_majority majority is the word for when a person is legally considered a full adult . 
  they can still be a dimwit irresponsible idiot . 
  maturity is , well , how mature one is . 
  you can be mature and yet still a kid . 
  i 'm sorry but if society decides you 're an `` adult '' ( reached majority , legally responsible and all ) and fully part of it then you have the right to vote . 
   i do n't think it 's just a question of knowledge , but rather that you tend to become calmer with age and are able to form opinions more based on reason rather than emotion . 
  yeah , that 's why i propose putting the voting age at 35 . 
  once you 've reached majority , you can vote . 
  not before ( if they were capable of making such decision , they would be capable of assuming all that come with majority ) , and not after ( if they have to assume all that come with majority , then can vote ) . 
  you disagree with the age , change the majority age . 
   before ww2 almost every democracy had the voting age at 21 no , they had the age of majority at 21 . 
  as in , you were not considered an adult before 21 , for everything not only for voting . 
  there is a very big difference between the 3 situations - a state spies on its own citizen : it 's a problem between the state and its citizen . 
  and yes everyone does it , the issue is that it is now becoming legal to do it while before it was n't ( that change everything as to the scope it can be used for ) . 
  - a state spies on another state , be it for defense , economic spying , ... every state does it , and that 's a diplomatic problem . 
  issue is , states are now accepting it from one another . 
  - a state a spies on another state b on behalf on yet a 3rd state c. that 's what the bnd did in this case for the nsa . 
  that 's a problem between states a and b. 
  as a french citizen , i do expect that the nsa spies on me and my country . 
  i also expects that the bnd spies on me and my country . 
  i expect our own services to spy on them too . 
  but i do not expect the bnd of our close ally and co-european member to spy on us for the nsa of non european usa , especially not for economic espionnage . 
  similarily , german citizen being spyed on by their state is very different than their state spying on them to give the intel to a 3rd , non german organisation . 
  and there is less difference between spain and russia than between russia and brazil . 
  which is why when you see scaremongering about russia 's `` big economy bullying the eu '' , you see informed people from western eu laughing . 
  india , well , they are only at the start of their growth . 
  that has nothing to do with the veto or our arms industry in particular . 
  they made a lot of pressure to make sure us firms got arms contract , regardless if competitors were french , uk , swedish , russian , ... france at the era we sold mirage 2000 had a lot more pull diplomatically than now . 
  yep you 're totally right , but nobody knows the details of that while many at least heard of neuron , that 's why i used that name as examples of the various drones programs france is working on . 
  i can not wait to see the result of that cooperation , we have some really great talent in the area and if politics can stay out of the way ( * cough * , fucked up french/uk joint carrier and fleet sharing project for the sake of protecting f35 ) we could see some of the best drones being popped out of europe despite being super late to that game compared to the us . 
   saab has a different take on the relative advantages . 
  actually if you check parent 's link you will see they talk about the gripen c variant , and if you look at saab 's graphic the gripen c is indeed below others , the one that has comparable capabilities is the much newer gripen ng ( that is only starting to get offered for sale recently ) . 
  a critic about saab 's graphic is that the gripen ng has higher lifecycle cost ( especially maintenance by hours flown ) than the c variant yet they show them at the same level . 
  not saying parent 's link is correct , i too believe this article got an axe to grind against 5th gen , but correcting a possible thing you missed  however , i do believe in the case of egypt and qatar the rafale deal made much more sense than buying a 5th gen , given their potential competition in the area . 
  in india too , but for a different reason ; they do n't intend the rafale to be their `` top of the line '' forever but a strong force right now until they get their 5th gen right ( the russian plane they have a deal with is going bad ) . 
  another point of reference by the way , the f15 has entered active service in 1976 , almost 40 years ago , but similarly kept receiving updates and while the original units would be considered vastly outdated today the latest upgrade ( the f15se for strike eagle ) is considered one of the if not the best air to air fighter in the world ( after the f22 ) , and the us air force will keep it in active service until at least 2025 .
