  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying russia 's army is incompetent or could n't deal a lot of damage , but people who think they could invade the eu at any moment without resistance except from the us need to revise their facts . 
  of course he knows . 
  but everyone else is saying `` it 's the french that refuse '' , he 's calling them out . 
  sanctions on bank/oil/gaz would do a lot more than losing those warships to russia . 
  france also accepted to cancel the rest of the deal if sanctions are decided on . 
  oh please . 
  sanctions on their banking ability , or on their oil/gaz sector , would be do a thousand time more to limit russia 's ability to wage war than cancelling this deal . 
  but our neighbors do n't want to do that kind of sanctions because it would be inconvenient for them . 
  a warship is a nice symbol that everyone can understand as dangerous , and yes this is a strong ship , but other countries refusing to put actual sanctions is what makes russia able to pay for the modernization of their army started 4 years ago and that this ship is a part of . 
  you 're wrong if you think the eu would unite their military if the us left us . 
  i would love to see us better integrated ( because it should reduce expenses overall ) and some want it for sure , but it wo n't be similar to the us army that you 're thinking of any time soon . 
  at best we can hope some more coordination on defense . 
  france and the uk makes for a very large portion of the eu defense spending and they/we do n't feel threatened by russia like our eastern friends feel ( part because we 're not on their border , part because we not only have competent and up to date armies but also a whole lot of nukes ) . 
  also , integration the way you think of poses the question of how are operations decided . 
  if france wants to go help mali or any other military operations we did , and most of the eu is actually against or `` might be worth it but we wo n't help ourselves '' , does that mean we ca n't do it ? 
  why would france sacrifice that control for little to no direct gain ? 
  the only thing going the way you want is that both countries want more integration to get more sales for their arms companies , but even that might backfire as french tech is not as common in other countries as german or english . 
   in 2010 , the united kingdom and france accounted for 45 % of europe 's defence budget , 50 % of its military capacity and 70 % of all spending in military research and development . 
  half of it was `` how about banning the niqab without banning it '' ( not in majority from anti-muslim sentiment like one would assume , but mostly by pro-feminist sentiment just like our recent `` customers of prostitutes can be condemned but not the girls themselves '' ) . 
  the other half was `` every time a protests turns violent aggressive people hide behind masks and we ca n't find exactly who broke the officers skull/eye/whatever '' . 
  i do not agree with that law on general principle, 
  that 's why this french law was made the current way ; despite every title you will see in the press and reddit , it does n't `` ban the niqab '' in particular , it bans being dressed with your face fully covered in public places . 
   besides , banks are private institutions . 
  they can do whatever they like . 
  i do n't know about the uk , but in france no private business can deny you service for religious reasons . 
  so with the argument that niqab are religious attire , suddenly that become a gray area ( while the skimask guy would get ejected no questions asked ) . 
   britain and russia , drawing both countries into closer alignment with their long-time rival , france . 
  calling russia a long time rival of france is pretty far fetched . 
  we were at both extremities of europe with our enemies in the middle , which made us natural allies . 
  there was competition of course , but compared to britain we were basically best buds . 
  if you remove the napoleonic wars we 've very rarely been at war with each other , [ wikipedia lists 3 ( + 5 napoleonic ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-russian_war ), 
  let 's force them to either pick their work location or be allowed to not be payed as `` secteur conventionn\u00e9 1 '' , i 'm sure the problem would fix itself quickly ( sarcasm , but only by half ), 
  just so you know , from op 's suggestions , i ai n't teaming up with the damn monocles and bankers wonderlands i will be using strike time to go have a drink with my irish and belgian friends, 
  fun fact in the `` what did the eu ever did for me '' : if i get arrested by the police in france , i can legally have my lawyer present for all interrogation from the very first minute/interrogation ... because the eu convicted france of wrongdoing on that matter ( the police can still under certain conditions request a delay in his participation , but it is now the rare exception and has to be justified and meet some criterias , whereas it used to be the norm up until only a couple of years ago to have him delayed for the first 24 or 48h ) . 
  now i have a right to see him before any interrogation , they have to notify him immediately and give him 2 hours for him to arrive before starting anything . 
  if he fails to arrive within two hours , they have to stop whenever he arrives to give us time . 
  [ wikipedia france , i can not find an english link ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/garde_%c3%a0_vue_en_droit_fran%c3%a7ais#moment_d.27intervention_de_l.27avocat ), 
  frankly i would n't be surprised if it 's partly a map of areas where google map coverage was/is bad , giving people a need for another ad-hoc solution . 
  you know , in the same vein as ( `` every map is a population map '' ] ( http://xkcd.com/1138/ ), 
  not making you a pariah of society / putting you back in a real life is a very important part of rehab . 
  yes but 6 years passed and 2014 dollars are not worth the same as 2008 dollars . 
  the figure you want to look at is nominal gdp . 
  eh , sorry i did not realize how much i typed until i was done . 
  tried to explain as clearly as i could because i realize our point of view might not be obvious to understand and might even look hypocritical to some . 
  for our good relation with russia , a big part can be explained by looking at where we both are on a map of europe ( at both extremities with little occasion to be in conflict against each other ) and where our enemies were ( in the middle between us ) . 
  we 've been on the same side of wars way more often than not , including the world wars . 
  rarely in our history has russia been an actual threat or enemy to us . 
  tons of points to answer on that , in no particular order of importance about our relations with them : * i think you would be surprised at how good france - russia relations are and have been for a very long time , behind the public facade . 
  bar a few exceptional times ( like that napoleon times thingy ) we 've always had good/decent relations with them . 
  even during the cold war de gaulle made sure we kept good relation with the soviet union ; that was part of the `` maintaining france as an independent major power '' factor i said in my previous post , his goal was that france was to remain a major power and for that it could not be seen as a vassal of the us nor one of the soviets . 
  that 's also why we asked american soldiers to leave our soil , and made sure to design our own nukes and space technology ( for icbm ) , and while we were part of nato and would help our allies if need be we left nato central command so french decide on french army operations and only joined back a few years ago . 
  do n't get me wrong , we 100 % feel part of the western block and if we had to chose we would side on the us side with no debate , but we kept good political and business relations and intend to keep it that way . 
  about georgia and ukraine * france , like most western countries , actually did n't care much about what happened in ukraine from a geopolitical standpoint . 
  some people here seem to believe it was a conflict of influence between the nato and russia , but ukraine has always been in russia 's sphere of influence , we poked it , russia reacted , nothing lost for us and nothing to gain by reacting to it ourselves . 
  * when russia went into georgia , while sarkozy went there to stop further aggression , as wikipedia states '' [ he ] did not insist on territorial integrity of georgia '' . 
  we asked them to stop there , not to give back what they had gained . 
  it 's not because we do n't care , but because we do consider georgia as part of russia sphere of influence ( similar to how northern / western africa is in ours and we do n't want russia to ask us to leave from our bases and operations there ) . 
  about the sale itself : * from what i remember , the senators in question did not offer to buy the ship , but said something along the lines of `` maybe you should stop the sale and try to find a buyer in nato instead '' , giving some suggestions . 
  that 's mostly asking us to break our deal and recover the loss by selling what 's been already done . 
  * germany refused real sanctions in the energy or industry sectors , uk refused real sanctions in the financial sector , there was no `` major eu countries core '' sanctioning them so there was no way france would punish itself when no one would play ball with us . 
  * the most important point : france arms industry is known as being fair to whoever they agree to sell to . 
  you buy from us , you get what you payed for no matter what unless you directly threaten our position . 
  this is very different from , say , the us who tends to use the arms it sold to try and impose some behavior . 
  to give a concrete example during the kargil war between pakistan and india , despite being against the conflict france allowed dassault to help india reconfigure their mirage 2000 for the very specific condition of that conflict because it was in the sale contract ( that 's considered to be part of why india wants to go with a dassault fighter again ) . 
  the one time we went against it was when we agreed to give the english technological details about our missiles that had damaged a british ship in the falklands , and that 's because that situation did threaten our relation with the uk . 
  that 's considered a large part of why russia agreed to the deal ( their first buy of western weapon since ww2 ) , and cancelling that sale would seriously damage that reputation . 
  the eu countries that could be affected by it , like the baltics or poland , are already so close to kaliningrad he gain in projection the mistral provide does n't matter , so we do n't feel that this would add a significant threat to our interests . 
  i perfectly understand why people from these countries , or allies such as the us , feel like this is insufficient guarantee and/or reckless behavior on our part . 
  * and for the realistic economical point at last , just like with the rafale , we 're very adamant about protecting our ability to design and build those things by ourselves , but we clearly do n't have enough customers ( or self need ) to keep the lines running . 
  so this clearly has a part of `` this might augment the russian threat to some of our allies , but we consider the benefits for us to be more important '' . 
  again , all of this is merely my opinion and point of view on it , but i do no feel threatened one bit by that sale , and cancelling it would only be a matter of `` punishing '' the russian for not behaving . 
  i am glad we kept it going . 
  yes but france 's decision making for the past 60 years or so since de gaulle 's presidency follows a goal of strategical independence . 
  a lot of decisions taken by france make a lot more sense when you take that into account ( why do we insist on a strong cap , why do we have so much nuclear power plants , why do we insist on building our own weapons even if parts are slightly inferior be it planes [ rafale ] or nuclear bombs [ where we refused to use us tech like the uk ] , why did we leave nato central military command for so long , ... ) . 
  if you stick to that plan , you ca n't leave out a central part . 
  the engine of the rafale are not built by dassault but by [ snecma ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snecma ) ( a subsidiary of safran ) , which is also in charge of our space engines for example . 
  full french company , with french control over it and its decision making . 
  they made the mirage 2000 engine , and they had no other customer for their military jet engine branch , so making sure they got a new one with rafale made sense strategically . 
  not saying the rafale would n't have been better with the bae engine , i honestly do n't know , but trying to make you understand why that decision made sense from our point of view . 
  we still have engineers able to design and factories able to build fighter jet engines partly because of it . 
   france left half way because they wanted to use inferior french engines it 's funny the different view people have on those events depending on their `` side '' . 
  imho of all the reasons why france went with the rafale , i would argue the most important one was that dassault was not selling much mirage 2000 anymore and we wanted to protect our independent ability to design and build a fighter . 
  just like we did expand our buying agreement faster than planned to keep them going until we find another buyer to keep the production lines hot ( in this case , hopefully india ) . 
  and since both the rafale and the eurofighter turned up quite good things ended up well for all , 
   the only one in the last year to show any sign of decent growth whilst france stagnates while it 's true france is n't having as much growth at the moment , it also did n't go down as much during the crash . 
  see [ this graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rkfjzvw.gif ) to see what i mean . 
  for some reason , france 's economy is slower to react to changes compared to its neighbors , whether it 's a crash or a recovery . 
  some tried to use it as a way to say france 's system was better during the crash , and now others use it to say the contrary . 
  at the end of the day , uk still needs to keep outpacing france 's growth to re-establish the relative position they had before the crisis . 
  ( i 'm not trying to say if the overall point you 're making about the euro is true or not , i simply point out that france seemingly failing to benefit fully from the recovery is not that great of an argument since it also failed to fully suffer from the crash ), 
  not sure if joking or not , so just in case : \u00b1 is an actual mathematical symbol that means more or less , in the meaning of `` somewhere around '' and used to give an approximation . 
  \u00b1 6 does not mean either plus 6 or minus 6 , it means approximately 6 . 
  i do n't know the name of that symbol in english , but [ here is a link to its french wikipedia page ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/signe_plus_ou_moins ), 
  i love/hate my british neighbors and i really believe long term they would be better in the eu than out , but this is getting tiring make your vote and get out if you so decide , but stop hanging like doofus, 
  that 's what happens when out of touch feminists influence the legislation , they to ban it but also want to appear as not restricting the women from doing what they want . 
  we have the same law in the process of being passed in france . 
  i agree that it is a super dumb way of doing it , pretty much guarantee that condition gets worse for them sadly . 
  from outside europe 100 % , non-white that would be big but can definitely happen for sure ( i would say a black or arabic would have more chance than an asian there ) . 
  a muslim , definitely not , although 50 years is a long way to go . 
  other religions yes but not muslim because there would be lots of backlash/rejection votes , we have increasing tension with our muslim community .
