  ( of course that 's my opinion ), 
  this is scary because of the impact it will have in our representation in the european parliament , but at the same time there is a crucial piece of information missing from the title : the same polls put expected voter turnout at about 38 % . 
  simply put , very few people intend to vote , and people who vote fn always have been more present / suffer less from abstention . 
  not discrediting you in any way as danish economy looks very sane from where i stand , but getting aaa from those ratings agency means you 're as safe as the unsafe toxic products that caused the last financial crash . 
  they do n't represent much , merely `` analyst '' guessing . 
  the left goes from far-left to center , and the right from center to far-right . 
  the far left is sick and dying ( eelv became an empty shell , the others became jokes ) , and the far right is growing ( fn ) . 
  so ps goes with a center-oriented person , trying to grab center people from ump since they have nothing to fear on the left . 
  and ump goes to the far right , trying to stop their erosion on that side which is much much quicker than whatever ps can take from center ( where borloo even made udi a couple years ago to create a `` wall '' , a party which then side between ump on everything once it made sure of getting the votes of more center oriented people ) . 
  and people get fed up and vote fn , which is the only one of decent size not siding with a big one every time . 
  that ultimately leads to more right oriented politics , yes , but the reason for that are merely political strategy , not the vision regular voters actually wants . 
  i mean if you 're in the left , the only two serious votes you can make are either for ps ( center ) or fn ( far right ) . 
  and if you 're right , it 's ump ( right ) or fn ( far right ) . 
  like i said in my other post , break the parties ( and/or introduce proportionality ) and suddenly a lot more competition would happen `` in between '' . 
  that 's what i hoped would happen during the fillon/cop \u00e9 trouble , and that 's why they did n't do it . 
  france is going through a rough political time where both political sides have consolidated , so we do n't have large center or center-left or center-right parties anymore , only one left ( ps ) , one right ( ump ) and a constellation of small center , far left and far right parties . 
  the right unified on purpose , the left more because every one else decayed to the point of irrelevance ( like the former strong communist party ) . 
  last presidential election we still had the ecologist on the left and a decent sized center party but they both exploded due to shitty internal competition and mis-management . 
  the left party made a primary election before the presidential election , and a center was elected ( hollande ) , but as a result of the large party size which covers the whole left spectrum , a big amount of left voters do n't recognize themselves in hollande and believe he 's not doing a real left policy . 
  and the right do n't like his center policies either because , well , they 're not liberal enough , but at the same time because he 's center and not really left they mock him for being non-left . 
  that does n't make sense but eh , politics . 
  if you look at [ my other answer to the parent ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/256uyu/french_president_publicly_endorses_the/chefakf ) , you 'll see hollande has actually already fulfilled more than half of his campaign promises . 
  but facts like that do n't change that people do n't feel like they fit with his views , so they ignore it . 
  do n't get me wrong ; he 's not a `` great '' president , but he 's not as terrible as everyone makes it out to be . 
  it 's merely that not one feels like he 's the one they wanted , even those that voted for him . 
  and the fact that this is true despite him keeping more promises than not shows how bad the situation is . 
  i 'm usually center left and i do n't feel satisfied with him , he 's too center . 
  but any candidate lefter than him was far left , nothing in between . 
  if you wonder why do a primary election then , it 's because they did n't in 2002 , and they ended up with several left candidates against a solidified right , and the left which has more votes overall in the first turn had no candidates on the second turn ( which ended up being between right ump and far-right fn ) . 
  so , not much better , and jut goes to show both sides have to de-consolidate at the same time to fix anything . 
  that political spectrum issue is also a large part of the growing far right party , `` front national '' , with a lot of people who do n't see themselves in the two parties anymore and want something else ( the other parties beside fn have an historical habit to line up behind ump or ps at election time ) . 
  the best thing that could happen to france now , would be an explosion of ps and ump in two or three parties each , along with the coming proportional representation in parliament that hollande promised and still plan to do for 2017 . 
  then people will have more of a chance to pick something that match their views . 
  http://www.luipresident.fr/toutes-promesses hollande 's promises count : done : 96 in-doing or partly done : 35 broken : 46 not yet acted on ( either for or against ) but still planned : 229 if you limit to his 60 campaign promises ( what he was elected on ) , the numbers become ( larger than 60 because they cut larger promises into each point to be able to judge ) : done : 45 in-doing or partly done : 15 broken : 6 not yet acted on ( either for or against ) but still planned : 88 you can get the details for each promises by exploring the site . 
  overall this is a far better ratio than a lot of president in a lot of countries , including some previous recent french presidents . 
  but i guess it 's easier to jump on the bandwagon of `` he does not do what he promised '' . 
  he has a lot he can be criticized with , but next time you give it a try do n't go with a statement that 's wrong . 
  he did more than half of what he promised during his campaign already . 
  ( i 'm not defending him like it might seems , i simply believe facts and rational thinking would help our political landscape a lot more than the crap spreading like your message we see all the times in comments ), 
  for a moment i wondered if you meant the korean one or the kardashians . 
  eh , it 's monday . 
  using wikipedia 's list of military budget , the eu budget defense is roughly 38 % of the us 's, 
   what does your statement have to do with the thread ? 
  he was trying to show you by example why , when someone claim something , he has to prove the veracity of it , it 's not up to others to prove what he says is wrong . 
  it 's short term actions for support at home ( a lot of russians see the baltics as their rightful territory and never considered the time when they were there `` occupation '' ) . 
  long term , it 's an absolutely stupid move . 
  yeah except the baltics have signed for the `` big brothers from the west '' team twice so putin ca n't be a dick and grab a piece of it without starting a large scale war , that means all he can do is this retarded intimidation and that makes him look even worse . 
  it 's not a random location . 
  it 's part of lithuania 's territory . 
  if lithuania does n't react properly , they suddenly grabbed a naval area for free . 
  if lithuania react , they know the reaction time and make a show of strength ( we can do that and what can you do to us ? ) . 
  lithuania is part of the baltics , which russia kind of see as its own . 
  they want to make the baltics scared-obedient , but instead will only make sure their growing economies invest away from them and strongly support otan ... 
  such a stupid and wrong long term move . 
  it 's really depressing to think that with those weather condition creating the worse few days of air pollution in paris ( to the point of the city taking measures to fight it ) , it only reached the lower limit of beijing air crappiness levels , faaar lower than their yearly average imagine having to see your kids grow up in that environment ... 
  the train of thought you are dismissing is exactly how we ended up with great new energy sources . 
  if people had not dismissed negative opinions like yours and done the research anyway , solar would still be a pipe dream . 
   so based on speculation about some fabulous future technologies , solar energy is great . 
  maybe . 
  i find it sad that even people who push for changes and renewable ca n't see past their own conservative views . 
  the initiative in question :  organisers of the right2water eci called on the commission to ensure that all eu citizens enjoy the right to water and sanitation , to exclude water supply and management of water resources from internal market rules and liberalisation , and to increase its efforts to achieve universal access to water and sanitation around the world . 
  we 're refusing to promise them membership . 
  i do n't see why you would be ashamed . 
  ukraine will have to go through the reforms and alignment just like every other candidate country . 
  while enforcing seems tricky , quite a few cases happened with the previous ( actual ) system and with time the companies learned a few tricks to avoid complying . 
  it seems this new law fills the holes ( especially point 5 and 7 in your message ) if i 'm able to use a local court , and they ca n't claim `` we do n't have it anymore it 's a third party '' , things gets way simpler . 
  of course some companies will keep being dicks but at least if you 're serious and go to court you wo n't be stonewalled like before . 
  and bbc for uk , and france24 for france . 
  shall we ban those too ? 
  you say that as if it 's a fake `` spending '' , but an army of professional highly trained troops is much more effective and efficient that one of conscripts . 
  of course it matters in this case , russian justification for the attack is that the russian-ethnic part of the population want them to come , so the authors says `` as one of that group , you 're wrong '' . 
  if he did n't make that precision his message would lose its weight , it is already a known fact that not even the russian contest that ukrainian ethnic people do n't want them . 
   a single picture is worth a lot of words you do not understand what that saying means . 
  it means and is used when a picture convey in an instant a lot of things and emotions that would take a lot of sentences to reproduce with words . 
  the linked `` image '' does not convey anything , the message is written with words in the picture itself . 
  using that saying to justify an image like this makes no sense whatsoever . 
  man i 'm french , we are supposed to be at the front of this , but for political reason to please the ecologists and their 2.5 % votes in the last presidential election we are moving toward `` fixing '' some of the old centrals and reducing nuclear % of our energy by a third . 
  a large country like us is never going to get enough from `` new '' energy sources any time soon , which mean we 're going to need either super polluting coal or being russia 's new gaz bitch . 
  as a bonus ; most solar panels we use are now imported from china since we removed all subsidies to local companies , so we 're replacing an energy industry we totally control and where we 're leaders to one where we will be customers . 
  great plan overall . 
  de gaulle and his `` make sure france is independent for core needs '' strategy would love that . 
  wow , with all those nato/eu countries being scared of being next , i had forgotten about moldova . 
  if the russian are indeed in an annexing mood and want more than just crimea , it 's crazy to think that you guys are indeed next on the line , being out of nato/eu too putin can afford to have a go at you ... 
  wish you good luck and i 'm sure that wo n't happen, 
  eu would need to build some of those nuclear plants they are so afraid of to pull that one of . 
  even in my country where we used to be very pro nuclear it has become a big issue and we risk needing a lot of energy imports sooner than later ... 
  honest question ; some of your posts seems to dislike russia 's action but you have a russian flair , do you disagree with putin 's action here ? 
  you seem to misunderstand how nato works . 
  there is no counter attack unless the attacked country invoke article 5 . 
  the uk did n't invoke article 5 when attacked by argentina , so others nato countries did not have to do anything . 
  the only country to ever invoke article 5 was the us after september 11 , and everyone went to afghanistan . 
  as a french , the treatment they describe is not limited to wealthy people , you or i would get the same thing . 
  the reason this article is turned this way , i believe , is because the people defending/wishing a privatized over-expensive healthcare system in the us have for main argument that while they do n't cover as much people , their quality of treatment is way better . 
  this relating goes against that . 
  if you 're poor instead of wealthy , the blog post would be much simpler : in the us , my insurance did n't cover my cancer / i did not have insurance . 
  in france , i get everything given in that article . 
  on the subject of healthcare for non-wealthy people , here is an interesting bits from [ one of the linked articles ] ( http://prescriptions.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/09/11/health-care-abroad-france/#h[iqttas,2,3] ) question :  in 2000 , the world health organization ranked the french health system as the best over all in the world . 
  do you agree ? 
  answer :  i question the w.h.o. 
  methodology , which has serious problems with data reliability and the standards of comparison .
