  once a frame is working , if the plane 's software , radars and weaponry are updated it can last a lot longer than most people believe . 
  on the same vein , the first f18 was deployed in 1978 yet the latest f18sh ( super hornet ) is on the same level as a modern rafale or eurofighter . 
  f16 first deployment in 1976 , yet they still plan another last update with all the latest toys  f-16v at the 2012 singapore air show lockheed martin unveiled plans for the new f-16v variant with the v suffix referencing its viper nickname . 
  it is to feature an active electronically scanned array ( aesa ) radar , a new mission computer and electronic warfare suite , and various cockpit improvements ; this package can be retrofitted to previous f-16s , including the block 60 and with the f22 not being really used ( because it 's `` too good and costly '' for the mission the us actually has ) and the f35 not yet deployed , those are still the main force of the usaf . 
  all of that to say , intending to keep the rafale until 2040 is not that crazy if it gets upgraded , and so far they have followed a very close update cycle ( see my previous post ) . 
  also , just because two countries have the same frame does n't mean they have the same plane or plane with the same capacities at all ; many countries have f15 or f16 or mirage-2000 that are laughable compared to the latest revision of those ( the mirage-2000 also had a tons of upgrades , and the latest intended for french use , the mirage 2000-5 mk .2 , is more recent than first rafale variants ) . 
  the rafale first active units are 15 years old but the fighter keeps getting updated and upgraded , similar to other planes such as the eurofighter . 
  the latest fleet wide upgrade started in june 2012 , and in january 2014 they annonced the allocation of 1 billion $ to start work on the even newer f3r update ( software and weapons ) , which will start being deployed in 2018 . 
  france aims to keep the rafale as its main fighter until 2040 through update , they have announced their intention to skip the production of a 5th generation fighter and that their next fighter will be 6th generation instead ( but much further in the future ) . 
  in the meantime launching several drones projects ( including the european neuron ) . 
  based on what ? 
  their core purpose is force projection . 
  aka projecting your force outside of your bases area of action . 
  that 's offensive by its very nature . 
  the mistral is for force projection , similar to carriers and the like . 
  those only matter if you have an actual top notch navy to go with it ( you 're not going to project much power if your force projection ships ca n't approach the enemy 's shores ) . 
  that 's why there are so few potential customer for the mistral , there is only a handful of countries able to use it , and those often already have their own solution ready or in building ( us , uk , india , china , japan , ... ) . 
  russia always sucked at naval force projection because they did n't need it and concentrated on subs , that 's why they ordered some . 
  if you go down a lot and then start growing again , you 're indeed expending , so yes . 
  but historically militarisation of countries in europe is at one of the lowest point ever , proportionally speaking . 
   the problem is , that during the cold war poland and others from the soviet block have been portrayed as the `` bad '' guys . 
  i do n't know where , but in my country they were mostly being portrayed as being under occupation , even if it hid itself under the veil of a communist government . 
  poland was not really seen as the `` bad guys '' , and we had a thriving , growing and well integrating polish community . 
  i 'm willing to bet this was the case in most of coldwar-era `` west '' ( we have one of the biggest host of the polish diaspora , so is the uk , and so is the us ) . 
  matter of fact while i would never call myself anything but french ( beside european , maybe ) i 'm from a polish heritage myself . 
  eu does n't need to `` tell [ other ] people '' , people know . 
  it merely needs to remind itsef . 
  of course you wo n't stop a russian invasion by yourself . 
  that 's why he said `` defend yourself for a week '' , not merely `` defend yourself '' . 
  giving time to your allies to come to defend you means we wo n't have to make the choice to come liberate you or not , which is a much more expansive operation ( both financially and in human lives ) . 
  not only is the land unclaimed , even if it was private ownership is different from state ownership . 
  eg when spain claims gibraltar , they do not want to end / change the private ownership of land parcels in gibraltar if it happened . 
  you realize it 's a proposal to harmonize tax rates ? 
  including the profit tax ? 
  most of the bigger/richer ones would . 
  it 's time you get one , similar list for france are always a terrible thing, 
  which does n't change anything to what i said . 
  i can guarantee you that every single country in the euro right now has some kind of plan ready for the day it would need/want to leave it . 
  if distance and time of travel was all that mattered then sure , yeah . 
  but in this case it 's a much better deal for them in an airport their own a little further away then in an airport they will be client of . 
  they plan to deliver those tourists using their own airlines for the most part , and airport fees are a big part of the costs . 
  they had plans in case the euro crashed and burned and they had to leave it . 
  i 'm absolutely certain france did too , even though we did n't say it publicly . 
  several countries in europe has very low or sometime negative yield . 
  and i do n't see your point anyway : because germany is doing so well that investors see it as a safe heaven for they money , it 's suddenly wrong that they make money on a loan ( to greece ) , despite the fact they already give it with a much lower roi than what the market think is fair ( given interests rate for greece ) ? 
  not sure why you downvoted me though , i 'm not saying it works that way nor that i think it 's wrong , i only tried to explain what the parent meant . 
  the simple idea this argument comes from is that if i borrow 100 $ at 0.5 % ( so i need to pay back 100,5 $ ) and then lend it out at 2 % ( so i get back 102 $ ) , i make some money in the process . 
  that of course is an oversimplification , every loan has a risk associated and if the original lender lends to say germany they think the risk is low and 0.5 % is acceptable , but lending back to greece is much riskier and deserves a higher rate . 
  germany is the one taking the risk in this example , of course they should have the benefit of higher rates . 
  and that 's not even talking about the delays allowed for greece repayment . 
   eu is clearly on the way to show greece that they voted the `` wrong '' party so for you if the eu does n't accept greece 's new terms , even though greece clearly is n't in the best negotiating position and needs the eu funds way more than the eu needs a stable greece , it is n't their negotiating right but only a way to show you voted the wrong party ? 
  please . 
  in a negotiation both parties have the right ( and , given its taxpayers ' money , the obligation ) to find the best deal they can for their own interests . 
  dropping requirement on greece that they had agreed to for nothing real in return ? 
  why would they do that, 
  the fn right now is split between the `` new '' one , who want change against the status quo of the old parties , and the old one , anti arab / jews / whatever . 
  wait until they get any serious position and it 's going to be an explosive split . 
  ( i 'm not happy about it , because our main parties are being just as pathetic about their beliefs ), 
  the left/ps ca n't , because although their core is not that left right now the fn is their `` core enemy '' in how they present themselves . 
  the right/ump ca n't , because in search of the far right electorate they have blurred the lines so much that the only difference is that they wo n't team up . 
  if they do , the fn will take control of the whole and the seniors leaders of ump know it ( also , they wo n't really be able to hold long from center to far right and the party would probably split ) . 
  fn is going to grow all by itself , because the 2 main parties do n't have the ideals and beliefs to follow through with what they claim to be selling . 
  if a party relatively centered would be true to their beliefs , they would grow like weed ( modem failed after a good start because they were scared to take any strong position even when asked directly for fear of not looking center enough , udi failed because when the time come they always align with ump without negotiations ) . 
  france is eu 's biggest energy exporter right now , so i guess we need your power to be cheaper than ours ( maybe already the case ? 
  ) , then we can buy from you and sell more of our own to our neighbors, 
  sputniknews has more details and it seems they were n't limiting what they could use . 
  the original french navy article ( deleted since but still in google cache ) also seem to imply that . 
  in the original french navy article ( that they since deleted ) , they also claimed most of the carrier group went down with it , not only the carrier , and the french sub survived the engagement . 
  yes and no . 
  they have received upgrades since then , but not so much recently because the new class ( barracuda ) starts delivery in 2018, 
  you 're not going to base a submarine energy around solar power ... at the depth they operate there is no sun rays reaching, 
  i do n't know anything about the chemistry or impurities or whatever of it , but pretty much any european who drinks a coke in the usa will tell you it tastes wrong . 
  and you will notice i 'm not bragging , only adding facts to a quoted critic . 
  eh , not saying he 's wrong overall , but french rafale started their operations in lybia striking tanks near benghazi an hour or so after the un resolutions , almost half a day before the us wiped out the air defenses . 
  even had a lively discussion about it right here on / r/europe back then . 
  romania is at 1,1 % for the time period the title talks about ( 4th quarter ) . 
  page 2 of the linked report . 
  you 're at 3,8 % for the whole year on year , and for that period eu28 is at 1,8 % and ea18 is at 1,6 % ( page 3 ) . 
  also , remember this is percents , and since romania starts from such a lower gdp 3,7 % for romania is actually a lower total growth than say 1,4 % for france , with the goal being that eastern europe catch up with western europe you need a much higher growth to keep up !, 
  not trying to be negative , but your comments seems to be positive about a fact that 's actually not so good . 
  edit : i 'm not quite sure why i 'm being downvoted for easily verifiable facts ? 
  just open the reports by yourself and look at page 2 and 3 ... 
  you do realize the bnd was actually found to be helping the nsa by spying for them on their own citizens ? 
  if anything , you 're the ones they have the biggest grip on after the uk . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in france you are allowed to defend yourself in the scope of the attack . 
  if someone punch you , you can defend yourself but not with lethal force . 
  say hi to the auld alliance !, 
  also , i find it kind of weird to have one of britain and not the uk as a whole or england alone . 
  sure , just like the swiss citizen voted two years ago to impose quota to eu immigration and then absolutely nothing happened beside `` ongoing discussion with the eu '' . 
  the swiss direct democracy is no different than ours on the subject where government and business want something different than the citizens , it just makes a better job at pretending they have a voice . 
  it 's a british court that made the ruling , not an european one . 
  it 's a british court that made the ruling , not an european one . 
  more importantly , what 's the median wage ? 
  which is why the entire passage included `` so far '' that you did n't quote . 
  it is true that it is very possible that they did this or that , but there is no evidence of an of it yet . 
  i rather like innocent until proven guilty for myself , and that 's dependent on supporting it for others too . 
   fears renault could face its own emissions scandal similar to volkswagen 's `` dieselgate '' have caused shares in the french car-maker to crash 20pc . 
  reports in france that anti-fraud detectives last week raided several of the company 's sites drove the shares down from $ 86.6 to $ 69.7 in early trading on thursday , wiping almost $ 5bn off the company 's market value in its worst day of trading in over 20 years . 
  +  the company -- which is 20pc own by the french state +  the company added investigations so far has found `` no evidence of a defeat device equipping renault vehicles '' . 
  that 's an [ ad hominem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem ) if i ever saw one , who he is , what he lived through or why he does that has no effect on the validity ( or invalidity ) of the claims he makes .
