  if i were mexico i would n't . 
  the uk is weaker than the eu as a whole , so by definition any country can get a better deal with the uk than with eu as a whole . 
  and due to the time issue , the uk will be the one begging for the deals , which exacerbate the issue even further . 
  why do you think now they `` should n't rush '' into calling article 50 ? 
  you 're at the top and not going ahead as far as could be anymore . 
  bouhou , cry me a river . 
  they actually said during their referendum if it came to that they would work toward the requirements and join when allowed, 
  yep , the only bad thing for the baltic is the drain of people but that happens to every poorer region joining a richer one , if east germany could n't avoid it then latvia certainly is n't going to, 
  you ca n't fix what erdogan has done in only 4 years , sorry, 
  scotland ? 
  nah , scotland seems to be for the 4 basic principles of the common area . 
  they actually want the working , integrating polish people to immigrate . 
  and out of the uk they can stop the pakistani and al immigration . 
  hell , they even said if push come to shove they 're ok with the euro , and they said that in the middle of the euro crisis . 
  what it says , it that it needs some transitional treaty to allow `` scotland as part of the uk out of the eu '' to not mean `` scotland out of the eu '' , or more exactly to mean a fastrack way in, 
  depends if the uk , separately , negotiate eea access, 
  the city of london future depends on britain securing bank passporting rights in the eu in the negotiations . 
  something that the swiss never were allowed to get after more than 40 years of negotiations . 
  so what is the uk adamant about ? 
  immigration from polish people . 
  because hey let 's dig a deeper hole !, 
  assuming you 're irish , the moment someone on their side is dumb enough to call article 50 you get total veto on any new membership or deal with them . 
  if it 's not about ni then it will be about bank passport right . 
  the english screwed themselves over in a lot more way that is possible . 
  nah , pounds has been going down on its own lately, 
  people of catalonia want to break away from spain without respecting the spanish laws . 
  just like in the uk , it says they can do a referendum only if the rest of the country allows it . 
  while the uk granted it to scotland , spain refuse to grant it to catalonia . 
  spain want to let scotland in , but they do n't want it to serve as precedent to allow catalonia to secede unilaterally . 
  so they limit it to scotland being granted their referendum by the uk . 
  and they do n't want talk and reassurance before that 's done , because they do n't want catalonia to get it either ( if the country could get the yes/no answer clearly from the eu , then the referendum might turn to leave by a much larger margin , just like scotland ) . 
  and everyone plays along because spain , like every other eu country , has full veto over new member accession . 
  on this one you either play on the line the spanish have created or you do n't get in . 
  that the spanish created a possible way in for scotland at all just goes to show how much pressure how other countries must have been putting on them behind the scene to back off just a little . 
  spain wo n't veto you if you get independance in a bilateral way . 
  they even went out of their way to say so last time , probably because other countries nudged them to clarify their position publicly . 
  if you get it unilaterally ? 
  absolutely not , vetoed without a thought . 
  they would prefer the pound ( out of stability , remember at the time the euro crisis was still there ) , but if taking the euro is what it takes then they will take it . 
  of course . 
  it 's important to understand that absolutely no talk should happen now if you want scotland to have a chance at joining . 
  the uk has n't invoked article 50 and scotland is n't sovereign either . 
  if we give them a talk and a response , if only a response of principle , then we need to answer to catalonia too and so our answer has to be `` hell no '' . 
  i have absolute faith that should scotland get its referendum and vote to leave , our country of france will push hard to fast track your entry . 
  you think france would be an issue for scotland joining ? 
  france would push for it if only for kicks to piss off england . 
  we 've spent the last few decades bowing to england in the eu over their concessions and they decided to leave anyway . 
  nah , being a 3rd generation polish immigrant in france , i lived in the north , in paris , in the south and in the `` remote '' center and i have to say i 've never seen it . 
  not saying there is n't any , but if we were to make a list of `` who it sucks to be in france '' poles would barely make the top 50 . 
  in / r/france sombody thought the same and checked , and the 20 first french mep on the list had actually held `` real '' job before ( he did n't check further than that ) . 
  to be fair , 350 millions of pounds is a lot less money now, 
  3 parliament members out of 577 . 
  14 mayors out of ( roughly ) 36 000 . 
  they are a fringe party with very high media attention . 
  swiss and norway both have to comply with eu rules and open migration . 
  in fact , norway is the country that implement the highest percentage of eu rules . 
  on what basis ? 
  there is no way to predict at all what would have happened on any aspect of life if we reset the past 100 years and set a different winner . 
  also called the `` let 's do it until the usa realize what a massive blunder trump has done giving up control over trade in asia to china and eu '' . 
  japan , australia , now asean , they all agree they do n't want to be trapped under the chinese influence/rules , and now the eu is where they need to turn to . 
  i 'm not quite sure why the republicans are letting that one go , i do n't see any benefit for them . 
  let 's switch for a week , you get to be called surrendering monkeys ? 
  anyway , entirely agree, 
  france ? 
  doing nothing about terrorism ? 
  have you been looking at the news ? 
  edit : apparently dailymail makes automoderator go crazy on deletion , took another link instead ah the turks already did that one a couple weeks ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5z05b6/turks_try_to_burn_dutch_flag_burn_french_flag/ yeah , because we 're totally the netherlands !, 
  just ask belgium ( and start a world war in the process ), 
  we did , from out three colonies in the maghreb ( tunisia , morocco and algeria although that one was considered an integral part of france and not just a colony ) . 
  we had lot of people come from our non muslim colonies in africa too ( notably senegal ) , but main muslim communities in france come from those three , see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_france % of all immigrants in france : algeria 16.0 % morocco 15.4 % tunisia 3.0 % ( algeria and morocco are actually in the first two places overall by far for % , third place is portugal at 8 % ), 
  it helps that pretty much any city you look at here is older than the usa itself as a nation . 
  back then they did n't go for practical or financially responsible , that 's why we have versailles ( which ironically , is one of the building with the best roi ever as an investment ) . 
  also , back in early industrial era , roubaix was a powerhouse economically , coal mining , textile industry , ... 
  the reason for it 's large communities of people from non french origin is because we `` imported '' them by the millions to fill the jobs everywhere because we did n't have enough french people to do it . 
  it used to be where money was made . 
  you say that like it 's not done on purpose . 
  dude , we 're still french , pick your battles !, 
  also home to ovh , biggest internet hosting provider in europe and in the top 5 worldwide . 
  for those that do n't know , roubaix is a city with a very high poverty level , one of the highest in france , and home to a very large muslim community . 
  as such i think its support holds a strong value , regular muslims people ( the majority of them ) are good people just as much as the rest of us . 
  in view of recent speech and undertones , that 's worth being remembered . 
  difference is , south korea is already fully developed and has been budgeting it and putting funds on the side for it for quite some time . 
  while the nominal cost would be much , much higher , i do think south korea would have an easier time with it then romania with moldova ( `` easier '' here might not be the proper term , as it would be anything but easy ) . 
  and east germany still is n't finished being integrated . 
  on most development map , you can still see the border that used to exist between the two , almost 3 decades after . 
  and west germany was in a much , much better position then than romania is now for that kind of expense . 
  one is far right and the other far left , and they have a long history of fighting each other . 
  at the last municipal election , melanchon went to campaign in the same city as le pen to try and make her lose ( personally , not just her party ) . 
  sooo , let 's just say there is a history of animosity and contrary views there , 
  come on , read between the lines . 
  he 's not pushing any button , he 's not threatening any in eu , he 's trying to scare his voters to vote for a strong leader in a time of need . 
  otherwise he would have hinted at leaving nato already , you will notice he did no such thing . 
  i like for the fun of it to imagine him trying to hint at it , but his core voters being so not smart that he needs to make his hints more and more obvious . 
  `` they 're decadent ... you know , nazi-like ... 
  they hate islam * wink wink * ... really , not yet ? 
  ... guys , a holy war is coming ? 
  ... a crusade ??? 
  ... guys , why the fuck are you stabbing oranges and sending back cows ? 
  what the hell is this ? '', 
  next step up , he will directly claim we want constantinople back .
