  because those wo n't reach the altitude the plane was flying at ( around 10km above ground ) `` cannon '' damage from anti air gun or fighter planes do not do damage similar to `` bullets '' . 
  by specifying `` high energy projectiles '' and excluding cannon damage , they 're not leaving a lot of possibilities . 
  someone who has strong enough arguments to hold on their own does n't need to add a fear factor to their article ( `` be afraid !, 
  be very afraid '' is a literal quote from his second paragraph ) . 
  also , an article that only look at the negative points and never give a second to any counter point of view or alternative . 
  it 's hard to find exact numbers of scottish gdp but it seems to be between 10 % and 12 % of the uk gdp ( 260 billions out of 2 433 ) , for a little less than 9 % of the population ( 5,3 millions out of 63,23 ) source are wolfram alpha and wikipedia . 
  according to latest numbers on wikipedia ( 2013 ) , uk ( 2.5 ) , france ( 2.3 ) , greece ( 2.5 ) and estonia ( 2.3 ) are european countries members of nato and above 2 % . 
  his former mistress that had to publicly leave the elysee palace after it was revealed he was cheating on her ( so who clearly has a crudge ) , and who wants to make as much money as possible from her book ( as any author ) , wrote a lot of stuff damaging for him without any evidence . 
  i would n't take things in that book as fact, 
  the current economic model in france is not leftist but centrist , by our pov . 
  that 's the whole reason why everyone , left included , hates holland 's politics her . 
   whose public finances are dangerously deteriorating the budget deficit has been reduced year on year in france , with no exception . 
  i 'm not saying we are doing enough ( nor not enough , even though i do n't believe in the austerity movement ) , and yes the decrease is almost systematically lower than what the government predicted , but it 's still there . 
  that core sentence of the article used to justify their argument is wrong , and makes me doubt the rest . 
  [ yes it is , although only for the citizens of the 31 countries members of the eea ] ( http://www.louvre.fr/horaires-et-tarifs/tarifs ) ( also , free for minors under 18 no matter where they are from )  la gratuit\u00e9 d'acc\u00e8s aux collections permanentes du mus\u00e9e du louvre et au mus\u00e9e eug\u00e8ne-delacroix est accord\u00e9e , sur pr\u00e9sentation d'un justificatif en cours de validit\u00e9 , pour : - les moins de 18 ans - les jeunes de 18 \u00e0 25 ans r\u00e9sidents dans l'un des pays de l'espace economique europ\u00e9en, 
  frankly if you look at their number , it 's more like `` ballet and opera are expensive '' . 
  everything else is very affordable , in london and the others . 
  in paris / france , all public museum are free for people under 26, 
  his ex girlfriend , who he cheated on and his affair becoming public humiliating her - so , someone who totally does n't have any resentment toward him , is relating that in her new book that she wants to sell about the `` innards '' of her former position as gf of the president . 
  i know he is not popular , but this is neither a valid source nor news , we 're right into tabloid territory here . 
  knowing our newspaper they will still use that for at least a week . 
  sorry but no , that german arms deal with russia is insignificant in value and sanctioning power , this has as much effect as if france or uk stopped their gas deal with russia . 
  what everyone is waiting from germany is a sanction that has weight , in energy deal or something . 
  similar to the uk actual sanctions on the financial sector that they seem to be proposing the last few days . 
  it 's really sad how obvious it seems yet no one in charge seems to be willing to steer the course . 
  if you had asked me a couple years i would have told you `` it 's not the way i like , but maybe it will work '' , but by now it 's pretty clear it 's not doing what it 's supposed to , yet they keep going . 
  you could claim greece was a special case all you want , but then it failed in all the other countries too . 
  our recent government dismissal in france was because some of the important ministers said during an interview `` well , we 've been doing that , it 's clearly not working , maybe it 's time we consider another option '' . 
  and while the ministers in question were idiots and i 'm fine with them removed , i find it worrying that this is why they got removed . 
  to be fair france made their move here , and it seems like the uk is willing to do theirs with banking , so my hope is germany ca n't hide in the shadow anymore on this and either do their part or admit they never will . 
  true , but the key point you have to take into account is it 's a different country that has to do each , they 're all inconvenienced by it , and the talk was pretty much `` i will do mine if you do yours , because why would i cripple myself if you keep doing your own business which makes sure the sanction has limited effect '' . 
  france had agreed to stop the sale for months before each sanction talk , as long as uk and germany agreed to sanctions on their own big deals . 
  i agree with you , but the size of the economies are not the same scale at all . 
  france is not doing so great ( still much better than people seem to think though ) , but if it turns actually bad things are truly going belly up in the eurozone with ripples worldwide . 
  also , our previous government ( sarkozy 's ) was all for austerity , they were not agreeing reluctantly to it . 
  i hope instead it 's a one-for-one with the uk agreeing to financial sanctions this time around . 
  selling those ships customized for russian equipment to another buyer does n't make much sense for said buyer unless for a political move . 
  and then it 's your turn germany , your european mps have been so vocal about stopping any help to russian military development , let 's get your act together and agree to something substantial, 
  before every eu discussions about sanctions , france said `` we will block it if our partners agree to similar moves '' . 
  they did n't , so france did n't . 
  as for your link , it 's proposed/considering doing it , not something done . 
  just like france considered blocking the sale for two months now . 
  sorry but if that did n't count until done then neither does the uk move . 
  and i do n't see why you are angry about france when both side should now be looking at germany to make a move instead . 
  i 'm saying i will believe it when it 's done . 
  otherwise , france was considering blocking the mistral sale too in previous rounds of negotiations , which is the same things as this uk/swift thing ; considering ( it did n't happen before because the reciprocal move from the other eu countries were n't there , france has said multiple times the past 2 months that they would block if eu agreed to larger sanctions ) . 
  i do n't see the uk putting any real sanction on russian financial sector . 
  it 's easy to make a big talk and then agree to sanction that do not hurt you at all but keep everything that you benefit from unsanctionned . 
  france actually did ( temporarily ? ), 
  block the sale , and you still criticizing us for it is the reason why it took so long and is n't final . 
  even if we do not sell it we will still be bashed about it , so why the hell bother . 
  the fact that no one wants to put actual sanction on russia 's money flow ( which pays for its military modernization ) but instead put the focus on one specific obvious thing ( these ships ) . 
  not selling these but keeping the sanctions toned down makes no sense, 
  frankly , if the uk and germany do n't want agree to put actual hard sanctions , i 'm all for us selling the ships once dust settle . 
  the money they make from financial and oil/gas sales is a much bigger asset for their military than even these ships . 
  these ships costs a couple billions , but they have a 300 billions dollar upgrade plan underway to upgrade their army and they are n't paying that with polish apples . 
  except ukraine did that , and it put them where they are now, 
  they will fight as long as they can . 
  they have much better chance at changing the decision in the usa , and the minute they fold there they get smashed by the eu for breaking our laws and risk getting cut off of anything government related here all of the stuff that microsoft was forced to do the last decade came from the eu , not the usa, 
  and let 's not forget the crimean tatars , who got deported en masse to siberia by stalin because hey let 's fuck with them , lost a fair share of their population , ( some ) moved back to their land post-ussr when ukraine told them sure you 're welcome , and now russia took it over again . 
   seems like there are a billion mirage 2000 variants . 
  one of the reasons dassault managed to sell a lot of these is because they were willing to adapt the plane to the needs of each buyer every time . 
  the frame and plane is multirole but some countries want ground strike specialization , some want air superiority , some want special hard points for some weapons , ... longevity of sales and popularity also meant updated frame and systems which is why even for the non-country specific there are a lot of revisions including one with the absurd name `` 2000-5 mk2 '' ( it 's literally 2000 , 5th revision , 2nd version ) . 
  the other reason they sold a lot of course is that it is a really good 4th generation plane . 
  the `` 2000-5 mk . 
  2 '' is pretty much what can be called the `` best and latest '' version of it ( the 2000d france is upgrading to is specialized in anti ground since we use the rafale for other roles ) , so looks like you 're operating up to date stuff . 
  eh , parent who called your airforce outdated would probably be surprised by the result of those plane against the eurofighter , at a third of the cost . 
   france uses mostly mirage 2000s ~ 90 rafales ( 4.5 th generation ) , and ~ 120 mirage 2000 ( 4th gen ) also , we are modernizing the mirage to the latest 2000d revision , i 'm not sure what revision the greek air force uses, 
  it 's not talking about protests against ( showing ) breast . 
  it 's talking about protesters that pruposefully show breasts to make a bigger impact . 
  femen protesters are usually topless girls . 
   why is everybody so sure of this ? 
  because the us not reacting to agression against a nato country that invokes article 5 means the end of us hegemony over the world and its alliance . 
  how is taiwan/japan/south korea/other nato countries / ... supposed to believe the us would do what it said when it proved it wo n't ? 
  they would n't and they would reorient to guaranty their security through other means . 
  so the us wo n't let it happen . 
  war against russia would actually be less costly for them than losing that hegemony . 
  because the big european countries ( germany , france , uk , ... ) have realized than in the coming decades of giant economies the eu is their only way to stay relevant in the world and not become a blip , and while the eu is not a military alliance per say , a lot of the eastern countries who joined did so to leave the russian sphere and come to the west . 
  if they were to let an annexion of an eastern eu member go unanswered , this would be the end of ( a large part of ) the eu , and they wo n't let that happen . 
  war with russia would be less terrible than losing the eu they dominate . 
  because excluding nukes russia 's army would be completely unable to hold its own against eu armies ( even excluding the us ) due to the severe technological outdated-ness of most of its units , and putin is no dummy he knows that ( he himself launched a major modernization effort a year ago to try and fix this ) . 
  he wants to look powerful and gain influence , not lose a war . 
  you seem disheartened , i just want to say the eu process often is tough on new country joining , but the two thing it does is force your political system to `` clean itself '' a lot more ( you mention corruption ) , and then invest in infrastructure through eu grants . 
  once you have proper infrastructure coupled with your cheaper labor means you start to see growth . 
  at least that 's what happened in baltics and poland who joined before you . 
  not expecting to turn your opinion around and frankly i have my own issues with what it does to some aspect of the french economy ( renault car factory closing in france to open more dacia factory in romania for cheaper labor costs ? 
  :p ) , but you seem overly pessimist when you should n't . 
  the living level of eastern countries joining the eu has gone up without exceptions . 
  you have a great country , 
  it 's outdated , not unified and full of conscripts . 
  comparing it to the large eu armies with professional soldiers and very up to date equipment does n't make much sense . 
  russia has a large army . 
  they also have a lot of up to date tech . 
  the major mistake that i see a lot of people making here on reddit , is to add the two together and think that the majority of their army uses up to date tech . 
  most of russia 's army is `` outdated '' by modern standard . 
  it 's fine against their neighbors , but in its current state it 's not much of a threat against the main western armies . 
  especially when we do n't have a border with them ( russia 's projection is very weak , no wonder why they buy mistrals to try and improve it a little ) . 
  the second mistake is to think all of it is available on the western front . 
  so many people think france/uk/germany are afraid to act , while in reality they simply do n't feel threatened nor care much about ukraine from a strategical standpoint ( it 's in russia 's sphere of influence , has been in it since a very long time , nothing has actually changed ) and consider the side effects of sanctions to be too much of a tickle on themselves to do it . 
  also , we actually have good business relations with russia , behind the pretend pr .
