  i do understand why our ee friend need more than that to feel entirely safe though , but still . 
  if we do n't defend you because we think it 's right or that you 're our allies , we 'll do it because that 's our playground and putin can go fuck himself if he thinks he can steal our stuff . 
  `` so guys , about that european army , are you willing to hop aboard now or what ? 
  we got independant nukes , nuclear carrier , modern jets , mbt , the whole shebang . '', 
  - france, 
  either that or moronic . 
  they speak mostly french , and corsican has been heavily declining , not helped at all by the fact that france was not very welcoming to regional languages for a long time . 
  you can expect all of them to speak french , but not corsican . 
  our country 's attitude toward local languages improved a lot lately ( with some nudges from the eu ) , and regions like corsica and brittany are making move to protect their local language . 
  a couple years back france had to ( finally ) change it 's `` garde a vue '' ( when a suspect is taken in jail for 48h at the most for questioning ) following several decisions of the ehcr , despite our government really not wanting to and france being in a `` we need to get tougher on criminal '' state of mind . 
  what happened is that the higher national courts started to reject almost all the cases that matched the situation saying the ehcr ruled on it already and the law had n't been changed . 
  i believe the uk has the same kind of situation with some islamist guy , which is why they wanted `` out '' of the ehcr ( which they helped create ) . 
   however , it 's not our fucking fault our products are so good the entire world wants to buy them . 
  imbalances are created because certain regions of this continent are incapable of taking care of themselves , simple as that . 
  come on now , parent you are answering to was taking a childish simplistic view , but then you answer in the same vein . 
  the euro imbalance and lack of fiscal transfer alone has a huge impact . 
  we need a closer fiscal union in the eurozone ( at least that 's my belief , others prefer the path of ending the euro which i think is folly ) . 
  note that saying that does not mean this is the one reason why germany is so strong compared to others , but it 's a factor that both helps germany and hinders some of its neighbors . 
   even mv has more r&d spending than the most industrious parts of italy . 
  this is not a map of who spends more ( by amount ) , but a map of who spends more as a % of gdp . 
  your statement may or may not be true , but you can not see it from this map . 
  case in point : london . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to convey by that message . 
  after the first world war the ottoman empire lost all its continental europe land , where were most of the christians , so that 's not surprising . 
  also , this is what land it covered ten years after the picture , in 1920 : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/territorial_changes_of_the_ottoman_empire_1920.jpg so while i do n't know your source for those numbers , i have no problem believing there is less than 3 % of christian there . 
  modern turkey took it 's current border ( more or less ) in 1923 . 
  actually , his headline is good . 
  the lies/problem were not about the exact process or anything , but about one single question : `` when do we the people have a say '' , with anti-eu people saying never . 
  so his headline that cuts through the chase and give the direct link between our vote and the result works . 
  `` we elect eu parliament . 
  our national government and the eu president elects eu commissioners . '', 
  do n't forget france economic collapse `` anytime now '' . 
  we were the precursor failure , since the very beginning of it all , before the greeks and the euro ... of course we 're still waiting on it , but eh . 
  how the table turns , wallonia used to be the rich side a century ago, 
  the 30 days notice is not the only issue with equivalence . 
  the other big one is having to follow the rules while having no say in it and no more ability to veto it . 
  ah , and inability to add freely add rules in the uk either , as that would make them incompatible . 
  `` equivalence '' sucks for the smaller member, 
  sure , just like france will economically collapse in the next few years ... for the past half century . 
  `` any time now '' . 
  yeah but in the specific case of syria the difference was n't obama , it was the russian military backing assad on the ground . 
  i feel their complete silence in matters the past ten years or so it 's partly because of our ( france ) lack of authority in eu affairs . 
  traditionally it was france representing the voice of the southern country with germany representing the northern . 
  with france taking a step down , and uk asserting its place to strengthen northern position , and italy and spain lack of culture of being vocal by themselves in the eu , they were mostly ignored and pulled along . 
  with uk leaving , the cards are changing , already france is moving to get back up , and really is doing good progress on asserting itself again . 
  europe needs to go back to more balance and giving more voice to the south . 
  '' \u00e7a va mieux '' ( sorry i do n't think that one and it 's context will be understood outside france ), 
  the f35b that the us navy will use yes , not the vtol f35c that the uk ( and the us marines ) will buy . 
  officially , it was for cost reason . 
  at the time , it represented 100 million of dollar on a 2 + billion ship . 
  unofficially , it was because doubt about the f35 project were raising at the time , and to protect it and bae removing catobar ensued no other modern plane than the f35 could be used on it - or put another way , the uk could n't reduce its buy order and/or buy some other plane in complement . 
  so , politics . 
  and yes , it absolutely killed the uk/fr cooperation we planned with carriers , we do n't have plane that can land on theirs , they do n't have plane that can land on ours , and we ca n't use the design to make our 2nd carrier we had planned . 
  she became leader because no one else wanted the shitty job ... all the leave leaders just left the boat when they realized their bluff was called on . 
  but eh whatever you can say she is the best and brightest british politicians at the moment , it just is n't a very high scale to reach . 
  simply put : because the uk was a eu member , and the swiss were not . 
  you do n't want an external entity to control a crucial part of your economy , no matter how much they want to pay . 
  that 's also i do n't believe the uk has any chance to keep it if they leave , especially with their request to not be under the jurisdiction of the european court of justice . 
  it should would n't make any sense . 
  the uk has already said they wo n't accept to be under influence of financial regulation that the eu makes , by definition their bank ca n't be considered as eu banks . 
  regarding your other point , which is basically `` why ca n't the uk get what canada can ? '' . 
  first , the canada deal is nowhere near what the uk has in eu , the single market access . 
  that 's why the uk say they want a ceta + , or `` single market without free movement '' . 
  if you look in my post history a little further down i explained that what the uk wants is not a mere free trade deal despite what they claim . 
  they want full free trade of service ( 80 % of their economy ) , of capital ( because otherwise even passporting right would not be enough ) , ... 
  but no movement of people . 
  now they get it will never happen ( again , because that would be a terrible move for the eu ) , they seem to want access for the market they want only . 
  oh a trade deal for some market can happen , it 's what is in every trade deal ever , but it 's made by concessions from both sides depending on each other strength , weaknesses and how much they want and need the deal . 
  and it 's a drawn out process , 7 years for ceta . 
  and it 's tailored to the other side , ceta does n't contain the same as tipa or others . 
  you accept to lose on some areas in exchange for win in others . 
  the single market is an exception in that it says `` ok , we 're in an union , we open everything and let ourselves become a single unified market '' . 
  you start excluding thing , the whole deal falls over and you 're back to the negotiations table . 
  and you certainly ca n't have one party come up and give the list they want period . 
  and as long as the uk keeps that attitude , that they can somehow dictate the terms and that the eu is in the weak position , they will lose . 
  problem is , at home they need to act tough to their electors after their promises , and they ca n't really admit that the eu will be ready to walk away if need be , nor that it would hurt the uk a lot more than eu . 
  so yeah at the core of it , i believe it 's an attitude problem , coupled with the fact that they sold way too many false promise for too long and now it 's catching up to them . 
  difference is , eu citizens who voted `` remain '' to be safe will now probably want to vote `` leave '' so that scotland can join the eu again . 
  really smart move . 
  yeah but animosity or not , if i 'm working in a field and every rule in the book tells a will happen but then b happens instead , repeatedly , i would probably look for a new book . 
  i mean , on some level i really hope they are being dishonest , because otherwise they really suck at what they 're supposed to do , and considering their influence on what our countries decide it 's terrifying . 
  good old economists and their consensus that europe needed austerity , for exemple . 
  what amazes me is that , after decades and decades of the english press and economist saying `` france 's economy is about to go venezuela at any point now , probably tomorrow '' , and that it still has n't happen at the contrary , they do n't seem at some point to look back on their analysis and say `` well , maybe we missed something ? '' . 
  i 'm not saying our way is the right way , i 'm saying clearly they either are dishonest in their critics or do n't understand it and would benefit from studying it more . 
  right now it feels like if it happens one day that we `` fail '' , they 're going to come out and say `` told you so ! '', 
  and feel justified , while the science of `` economics '' consist of throwing dices into the air . 
  the short version ( not totally correct , but should help you understand ) : when a country has passporting right in the eu , it means that it can offer its financial services to every member on equal footing , and it also means that any of their bank account is a `` eu '' bank account . 
  transfers and actions between that bank account and other bank account in the eu only has to follow internal eu regulations , and not the much stricter external < -  internal regulations of the various countries it crosses . 
  due to its great financial services and tax regime on the sector , the city is very much the place to go for large financial moves . 
  let 's take the example of company a of france merging with company b of germany . 
  with the current system , those companies do all their financial operation for the merger in london , they do that because they benefit from the great services , the preferential financial taxes and because it is transparent to them . 
  it does n't involve more regulation than if they did it in paris , or frankfurt . 
  any bank in the uk qualifies . 
  without a bank passporting right , for the situation to even happen , the uk would need a trade deal in financial services with the eu first . 
  then the specific bank they want must have been authorized for operation in both france and germany . 
  then the transfers and actions must follow all regulations when the money moves from france to the uk , and when it moves from germany to the uk . 
  regulation that , whatever they end up being depending on the deal , will always be stronger than the current `` no more regulation that if you did it in paris to begin with '' . 
  then they hit the same regulations and controls on the way back , costing time and money ( because ultimately the actual business is in france and/or germany so that 's where you need the money to run it , since the uk account is not a `` eu '' account anymore ) . 
  in short , however good the city financial sector is , it 's not worth the hassle anymore . 
  that does n't mean the banking sector wo n't still do great , eg the swiss , but you will notice no eu companies do their mergers and similar operation in switzerland , they do it in eu .
