  that 's why capitals are dark red , higher salaries , higher costs of living . 
  how much would it be for bucharest ? 
  usually capitals/big city costs a lot more than the average, 
  who cares . 
  this is tabloid stuff , i do n't give a damn who my president is fucking , he can do what he wants and he is not married . 
  addendum to that , lithuania has a cooperation agreement with the esa since october 2010, 
  there are a lot of things to take into account though . 
  launching a satellite into space does not mean you can build one , for example many countries have telecommunication satellites in space that they bought and launched . 
  and launching one does not mean having the ability to send it yourself , even in this case lithuania does not have it and is paying a foreign company to put it in orbit . 
  not to diminish lithuania 's accomplishment , this is a great day for them and for science , but the reason for the discrepancies between what you though and reality is that there are 4 big steps and while only a few countries can do all 4 , many can do just one ( owning one , designing one , building one , sending one in space ), 
  most poles in northern france came during world war 2 , the atrocities in their country were horrible and going east was not an option . 
  we had resistance movements there made out of polish groups . 
  we 're not going to agree so let 's leave it at that . 
  that 's my point , poles have always migrated in great number , it did n't in any way a cause of the eu . 
  which the parent comment implied . 
  the majority of polish emigrants are in the usa . 
  [ poles are all over the world and they emigrated everywhere in western and eastern europe long before joining the eu ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/world_poles_emigration_map_2008.png ) . 
  but you do n't care about that you want to make it about the eu so yeah , sure , whatever . 
  i 'm myself a 2nd generation polish emigrant in france , no eu when my family came here , and there are lots of us ( ~ 2 % of french population according to wikipedia ) . 
  a lot of it . 
  in cfa the situation is a lot more complicated , but in mali the population is a very large majority french speaking `` non puritain '' christian ( what i mean with that , by lack of a better vocabulary , is that like in western countries young unmarried couple kissing in the street and having sex before marriage is fine ) , and in the few months of status quo when the islamist had the north they imposed sharia law there ( which went exactly like you expect ) . 
  add to that their army getting smashed by islamist who had seen several wars before and equipped with libyan weapons , ... mali went to the un to ask france specifically to help them , and when the big cities in the north were liberated , the majority of its population was welcoming the french troops as liberators . 
  of course its not all black and white , and the muslim touaregs in the north are not foreigners yet they were part of the original rebellion and did n't want france there , but they are a very small minority , and the islamist ended up turning against them and they fought each others too . 
  my country has been going to a lot of places warring in the past few decades and most of the times i 'm not always sure if we should be there , and of course there were also political/economical reasons for france to go to mali but still it was in my opinion as clear cut a case as we can hope to ever have . 
  friendly population , taken over by a mostly foreigners group , forced into religious submission , asked us for help , new democratic elections happening in time , ... 
  even the 2012 intervention in ivory coast was not as evident . 
  sarkozy 's speech , not hollande 's, 
  and it still is . 
  you can sell , but nobody is allowed to buy . 
  the sheer level of stupidity is astounding , either ban it or do n't , but stop pretending, 
  prostitution is legal in france , it 's not shifting blame from one party to the other , it 's creating blame for one party . 
  as seen in every country ever , prostitution is not going to disappear just because some people wish so , and as such i ca n't quite grasp why creating blame for a party and making the whole transaction more illegal thus dangerous could be considered a good idea . 
  do like our neighbors , legalize it and force condition that benefit safety and health , while offering help to those who want out . 
  they did n't want to look like they were against the prostitutes , so instead of making selling illegal , they made buying illegal . 
  that 's some hypocrisy 101 crap right there . 
  you 're asking what is the advantage for kansas to be in the usa intead of being on its own, 
   in only one region only one region of 4.48 million people . 
  and this protest is in kiev , only one city of 2.76 million people . 
  you would have some credibility if you did n't spend the last two days posting against ukraine joining the eu and how they should join russia because eu is terrible . 
  and despite us having 30 % more population and a much bigger protest tradition ( we protest every other week , they do n't ) , 100k people if not a failure at all by french standards . 
  the `` bonnets rouges '' protest that got pretty much two weeks of attention in the medias and made the government change the law they protested counted less than 50k people ( estimated by the organisers , police counted less than 30k ) . 
  disclaimer : i 'm central-left leaning . 
  i believe our core social contract is good , but it needs to be moved into the 3rd millenium , people live longer , the population is older and things have to be more flexible . 
  but the state should keep taking care of those that need it as long as they do their part to get back in the game . 
  everything that follows is obviously my opinion . 
  the sarkozy 's era right wing ( ump ) went into an ego trip for friends , then went `` tea party '' stupid , then tried to become far right to get some of the votes they lost back . 
  the old right wing from chirac and before tries to still exists but they 're not succeeding so far . 
  a lot of what the current right wing wants looks roughly like what cameron does in the uk , and no offense since it looks like you 're from there but i think it 's crap . 
  the left wing ( parti socialiste , in power at the moment ) lack the political wing to do the reforms we really need to limit expenses and give more breathing air to our purses because they would need to completely alienate their electorate for that ( they believe in a state that takes care of its citizen that needs it , but the system has been made decades ago and never been adapted with its time , so doing it now would be a huge shock - the risk of not doing it being what the right wings offer at the moment , dropping some our key social components all together ) . 
  as a result they do nothing . 
  the far left is stupid ( `` make it impossible to fire people '' , ... ) . 
  the center had a growth in number in the early 2000 but every time they had to make a decision they were so scared to look too much left or too much right that they did n't make any decision at all . 
  the green have ( or had ) a sensible program on quite a few point , but then went crazy on others ( `` let 's drop nuclear and see where this goes ! '' ) . 
  they had a lot of votes in european election a few years back but imploded not too long after and have failed to make sense ever since . 
  in that context , the growth of the far right ( front national ) and its populist thematic is no surprise . 
  at the same time , the right wing took a few of the far right ideas for themselves and made them look better/socially acceptable , and marine le pen since in charge of the far right has done a lot of work to make their party much less extremist in appearance . 
  but to give you an idea , merely two weeks ago they had one of their member pretending to be elected in municipal election in a few weeks comparing one of our black minister to a monkey on tv , and if you actually read their program you can see that its core idea did n't change much if at all from the 2002 `` 87 % votes for chirac against the far right '' election , they only hide it better . 
  so there you have it , every other party had its chance and failed so people want to try something else , and the far right put some make up on so it 's more acceptable to vote for them . 
  add to that the core populist and christian group waking up with the gay marriage law , and you have our current situation . 
  frankly i do n't know who to vote for , i voted parti socialiste the last time but while they keep the talk they failed to act . 
  i wo n't vote far right because i 've actually read their program instead of listening to what they said on tv and besides the racism it 's also asinine economically , and the right wing is in a pathetic state where they want power for the sake of power ( the head of ump a month or so ago , in the main political emission , when asked why people should vote for them when they failed to fix anything for the past 3 presidency , literally said `` far right is dangerous , left is dangerous , you should vote for us again '' without any more argumentation than that ) . 
  i sincerely hope for a fracture of the unified right wing and a re-appearance of the old right . 
  our current political system feels destroyed , there is no notion of debate anymore , you 're either for something or against it , no middle ground . 
  french here , sadly i have no idea what this means as i have been unable to find a good summary of what each party believes in and what their principals propositions are . 
  could anyone help me on this ? 
  i 've read that the civil right part of the precedent coalition that `` forced '' merkel to make compromises on that front pretty much went out the window , is that true ? 
  i know what the parties stand for in france , same in the us , but when talking about germany all our media can do is talk about the people , and not their ideas . 
   huge publishers are n't typically based in europe you mentioned ubisoft from france but infogrames was also french ( it 's now a deal soul using the atari name , but back in their glory day a decade or so ago they were one of the largest publishers ) . 
  of course , but in the context of the rules ( which is the subject at hand in this subthread ) , that 's the movie 's point . 
  that 's why the first two rules are those , because spreading the idea/club means breaking the very first rules of it . 
  yes it is , more than worth a watch even if you already know the twist, 
  the whole point of fight club is that rules are made to be broken / that you should break the rules . 
  it 's an important part of the movie , yet not said out loud and often misunderstood, 
  you 're ridiculous if you really think this migrant crisis is putin 's making . 
  it 's ours , from being so rich countries not having enough team work with each other to handle it together . 
  instead we throw the issue on our neighbors . 
  putin is only trying to play an opportunity he sees because he wants to keep syria in assad ' s hands . 
  the size of the things they fire , and the speed at which they come out , make them go through anything . 
  throw a bullet with your hands and you wo n't do much damage . 
  fire it with a gun and you can pierce a lot of things . 
  throw it at 1km/s and it gets through almost anything . 
  now change that bullet with a 30mm round , and send so many of them a second you ca n't even count . 
  a10 are a really , really good tank killers . 
  also , they do n't care much when being hit . 
   200 million euros a year in a 14 trillion euros economy , which is about 0,0000142 % . 
  your math is wrong . 
  it 's 0,00142 % should maybe not be judging our `` can do '' ability with the numbers if you miscalculate them by a factor of 1000 . 
  september is a myth ( my vacation ends on the 14th and it will be august until then , you scoundrel ) . 
  no offense meant , but spoken as someone who has not been in lille in august ahah . 
  socialize a saturday afternoon means getting drunk here . 
  there is a reason we are considered an alcoholic drunkyard by the rest of france  i 'm merely saving forces for the evening, 
  bar/brasserie in france are * everywhere * . 
  the uk has pubs . 
  wine is food time drink for us . 
  we do n't drink a lot of it per time , but one glass or two per meal is normal . 
  also , if you 're english , you can pretend all you want but i know you spend your holiday here hiding while enjoying our brasseries in the same fashion :d ( you 're welcome to , by the way ), 
  4g is one of god 's gift to men . 
  or so i 'm led to believe . 
  well , respectfully fuck you , my dear polish friend . 
  as someone currently enjoying a glass of wine in a random street bar of lille , i do believe i have it nicely .
