  they are here to make you laugh , and they 're good at it . 
  - le canard enchain\u00e9 is the last general-themed printed investigative journal we have in france ( and i do mean actual investigative journalism ) , a very large amount of revealed scandal in france come through them ( i do n't have hard numbers , but frankly i feel like 50 + % would be a good idea of it ) , and they have been a lot of times to court to defend their sources and prove their claims are sourced , to the point that politics do n't even try to sue them anymore giving it a `` if it 's published by the canard , it 's true '' stamp . 
  incidentally , while the printing press is dying le canard keep seeing its sales and subscription grow , which warms my heart . 
  possibly the best journal we have , or at least among the very best . 
  although like all 3 satirical they are more left-leaning politically speaking , they hit just as hard on the left as they do on the right when they have something . 
  - charlie hebdo is more childish fun and some in-depth article ( strongly left sided in general ) , but their importance is that they aim to always ensure the free speech line remains where it is ( the french one , different from the one reddit assumes aka american one ) . 
  if there is anything that people say `` legally you can , but it 's in bad taste / you should n't '' then they are the one who will make a cover on it , the most distasteful they can , just to make a point . 
  it embodies their culture all the way back to the history of the journal creation ( previous journal by the same people getting closed down because they made a distasteful joke about de gaulle 's death ) . 
  i do n't care much for charlie hebdo 's content , but i am glad we have them , because nobody does what they do . 
   nothing the government can take credit for , but they will anyways . 
  do you think the ecb finally moving to qe despite germany being totally opposed to it came without any input of the other influential members ? 
  i 'm not saying it was france 's own doing by itself , but only a naive man would think they did n't do the political move needed for it . 
  also , i 'm sorry but given what has been going on all around us , the government can and should take credit for not dismantling our social and public system , even when growth was n't coming and calls for austerity were stronger than ever , even when the eu and baroso told us to cut a lot more to get in line . 
  others have n't done so , and now that the economy picks up their citizens have a situation that is a lot more worsened than ours compared to pre-crisis . 
  ( i do n't really care about countries ' gdp but about their citizens well being and purchasing power , and truth is in that area we did quite well during the crisis compared to others ), 
  he is wrong and right . 
  it was on the individual , but those affected ended up loop-holing around it by having the company increase the salary so that the employee would get the salary they were meant to get in the first place . 
  anyway , as a staunch believer of our high taxation system and `` those who get more pay more '' , i am glad it goes away as no one should be paying above 50 % this way . 
  it was a political measure thrown during the campaign and ending up having enough momentum that he ** had ** to do it once elected , even if for a short time , now let it die off . 
   how it became a `` crazy confiscatory socialist tax '' in anglo saxon medias ( hi cameron ! ), 
  and on reddit is quite a mistery to me . 
  given the regime he is applying to his own people , cameron has to be decrying that kind of move , no matter what he thinks about it . 
  we usually bickers about our countries , but i genuinely feel bad for our englishmen brothers across the channel going through life with one of those zero hour job . 
  yes we have lots of unemployed people , but they get state money and get to keep living in semi decent condition until they find better . 
  i only know what i read on the news about it , but some days it feels like the uk is currently boosting its economy by selling its most fragile workers as slave-like labor . 
  we should n't be competing like that as if total opposition was the only possible choice , i wish both of our countries citizens to see growth coming back , not merely in their country 's gdp but in their own every day purchasing power . 
   cut public spending yes and no . 
  we did , but very little ( although of course those affected felt it ) , and we did n't do it to apply austerity as a way to solve the economy but to get under the 3 % budget debt eu rule ( we 're still above the line , but getting closer ) . 
   lower taxes on the rich sarkozy had lowered the isf ( roughly a tax on owned capital , our quite literal version of `` taxes for the rich '' ) pre-crisis but he himself reinstated it after the crisis started . 
  the 75 % tax above a million salary was dropped , but it was more a political move than a real aim . 
  so , to answer your underlying question , we did n't do much of what `` austerity '' means to the countries on which it was imposed . 
  we even ignored the eu about not yet being at the 3 % line ( and because we 're france and important , they did n't fine us , which is completely unfair ) , as well as the countless economist and journals that predicted we were done and accounted for . 
  i 'm not saying the plan is sound , i 'm saying it 's what they believe . 
  `` they '' want to default on their debt , and leave the euro so they can control their currency , which they think will allow them to kickstart their economy - but even if it did n't they would need it to privatize their banks [ 1 ] , since the default will not only crash their banking sector but also violate the rules and will make it impossible for them to use the ecb 's emergency lending system ( which their banks already rely on ) . 
  [ 1 ] they do n't have euros and ca n't print any out of thin air , but if they go back to their own currency they can print them . 
  it would of course tank any possible idea of investing into it for foreign investors though . 
  greece defaulting on all debt including imf and greece leaving the eurozone right now are two sides of a terribly loaded dice . 
  both are bad moves that seems appealing when you do n't know anything about how it works , or worse when you know just enough to misunderstand . 
  i flew a dozen times with malaysia airlines since their two accidents . 
  from europe to asia with some of the best prices and top level service , ca n't ask for much more . 
  the only airline i would refuse to try again is delta because they are so terrible it 's not even funny . 
   i do n't think europeans have a lot of lessons to give when it comes to enslaving people . 
  oh please not that card again . 
  he is not talking about giving lessons to a country , he is talking about having hostility toward them . 
  in that context , he is saying we have hostility for the enslaving they subjected some of us to . 
  whether we did it to someone else too or not does n't change anything to that . 
  ( i do n't even agree with his point , turkey 's population size and muslim majority is the reason for hostility not the ottomans ' history , but you retort was as bad as his ), 
  it 's also worth pointing that you ca n't stop following due process and respecting human rights you agree with because `` that one guy/case is really not nice '' . 
  that 's the whole point of those rights , if the state infringe on them it voids the trial , and everybody has them , even terrorists , murderers and rapists . 
  hell especially them , that 's how you test if the system is working . 
  i think he means not asking for more money , but the money he already owes would need an extension in how quick it should be re-payed , in addition to the cut in value . 
  it 's not nearly as fun if the odds are on your side though, 
  bah , when has europe not been relevant ever since recorded history ? 
  your country being one of those at the forefront of it, 
  if we had only a tenth of a gigawatt power source up there , the amount of stuff we could do be it on mars or on that comet would be gigantic . 
  the lander has tons of experimentation it could still run . 
  this is after all the first time humans managed to land on one , we have a lander full of science tool on it , and the only limit is how much power we can feed to it ( well not the only one , but ... ) . 
  they were using gdp ppp . 
  in nominal they have indeed some way to go . 
  agreed , the question is phrased in an ambiguous way ( does n't even make clear who is the aggressor between russia and our ally ) and any one knowing anything about polls knows this changes a lot in the results . 
  a somewhat better one would be : `` if one of our nato allies invokes article 5 because russia invades them , should we follow our obligation and help defend them or should we leave nato ? '', 
  oh it 's not terra incognita , look at argentine and venezuela if you want to see what happens when you throw away even the lender of last resort . 
  yeah he did backward stuff , that 's why he is called a `` dictator '' . 
  but by abusive standards he was actually very tame , and i do believe the relationship with the eu helped . 
  baseless accusations . 
  polonium accidents do just happen you know !, 
  ahem, 
  yeah but from my naive point of view it seemed you were making progress ten years ago whereas you go backward now . 
  i do n't know , maybe i did n't follow the news enough back then, 
  and what about men ? 
  should i be forced to wear a shirt when visiting the vatican ? 
  i like to be clothes free !, 
  imposing it on those unwilling is one thing , following customs when purposely visiting another place is respect . 
  in this case it is difficult to fully assert if we find it good or bad because it 's ignoring their customs , but doing it in a way that we see as promoting equality , which is why the person you answer to is unsure . 
  nah the people who keep with that really think it 's funny . 
  those that do n't ... well ... not the smartest of the bunch right ? 
  education is a privilege not bestowed upon them obviously . 
  either way , i 'm not gaining much arguing . 
  personally i know what my country stands for , and people who actually served alongside french troops would not make that joke , it 's enough for me . 
  we did so the first bazillion times we heard it , now we only ignore and assume ignorance, 
  same in france case , despite being most visited country in the world it 's only a small part gdp wise, 
  the main question i have is will we have as many fun moments from people staying in the hotels as we had for sochi , like the `` trade door knob for light bulbs , serious offer '' or `` no door yet , but a picture of putin ! '', 
   on the next dominoes , portugal , italy , spain and france portugal and spain are indeed very weak right now , italy has issues but calling it a domino that will fall is a bit far fetched in 2015 but okay ... 
  but france ? 
  that 's either funny or uninformed . 
  despite all the apocalypse news about france that seems to be published in english news , our economy is not falling in any way . 
  our budget is getting closer and closer to the point where out debt will start to lower , our poverty and inequalities have n't grown as much as in our neighbors in the past ten years ( including uk and germany ) , and the only year we had negative growth in the past 40 years was 2009 , where we did n't do as bad as our neighbors  united kingdom : -4.3 %  france : -2.9 %  germany : -5.6 % not saying we 're perfect far from it , and we did hit a slump those past couple of years , but whatever happens to the euro france will be just fine and is not a `` domino ready to fall '' . 
  yes , we have a big unemployment right now and i hope it starts going down soon , but our system `` supports it '' better that most and the fact that we have such result with so much unemployment just goes to show . 
  pant-eon ( no break/pause in the middle , i put a dash only to make it clearer the pronciation of the eon part on its own ), 
  yeah they wanted dassault to provide full warranty for the ones built by hal as-if they were made by dassault themselves , and given hal 's lackluster history of reliance dassault refused , thus why it was delayed so long for talks , thus why the indian air force requested a quick buyout * now * ( they really want the rafale , and they really need to update their fleet quickly ) . 
  hope everything will be sorted out , i 'm sure they will be pleased with the plane , 
  all 34 rafale india bought will be made in france , none locally . 
  that was for the first separate 124 jet deal that is on hiatus for now . 
  nah russia is a lot more modern that than . 
  if your vote is for someone else they just throw it away . 
  putin , berlusconi and sarkozy hanging out together as leaders in the eu . 
  what a nightmarish thought . 
  there is war weariness like always but the war is n't reported much in the news these days , we luckily have n't had too many losses ( well , due to the skill of our army not luck but you get what i mean ) , the population there seems to be really entirely in favor of our presence - these days even the tuaregs in the north like that we 're there to ensure no malian repression ( different from say afghanistan or even car ) , and the malian gov/army is really our ally and not some random puppet who does n't like us but need us ( hello afghanistan again ) . 
  the fact that results have been majorly positive helps a lot too . 
  personally i think this is almost certainly the most justified and `` good faith '' war we 've gone at in a long , long time , so i support it .
