  this shows that turkey 's eventual departure will practically terminate nato . 
  also the east-west division in europe will intensify after the dismemberment of nato . 
  turkey and greece should unite . 
  every one knows that gaddafi sponsored the campaigns of sarkozy . 
  turkey will never allow that . 
  and how exactly armenia joining nato would solve this problem , assuming that russia goes insane and lets it happen ? 
   ... massive ... not really . 
  there are about a million teachers in turkey and there are tens of thousands of idle teachers waiting to be enrolled by the state . 
  28.000 is nothing compared to the whole . 
  what is more interesting is that most of the turkish people `` know '' that teachers who are gulenist sympathizers are far more numerous than this number . 
  the people who were sacked are those with documented connections to gulenist network , especially if they kept those ties with gulenist network even after erdogan decalred war on gulen . 
  at the moment , turkey will veto any new member joining nato , especially georgia and ukraine . 
  official denial means nothing . 
  merkel is just checking the waters . 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  this amounts to the area where people still swear in turkish . 
  they can not solve the property issue because it is a poor island with little resources . 
  both the greek and turkish cypriots are not hard-working folk . 
  i am not saying this as something negative . 
  i do not like working too . 
  the point is that the two sides are not likely to be able to share what little revenue the island could provide . 
  there is * literally * no country like turkey . 
  turkey warns germany from supporting kurdish terrorists . 
  as a turk , i do n't give a shit to eu . 
  it is a gigantic mess bound to fall soon . 
  turkey was planning to sweep isis for years but us did not allow it . 
  moreover , the commanders in charge of the operations in syria were treasonous coup plotters and they did their best to delay a turkish incursion . 
  meanwhile , pkk started a city war against turkey by which the entire special forces of turkey were made busy for months . 
  without the special forces , an operation in syria is impossible . 
  turkey and us agreed to start the operation in antalya g20 summit , where putin was also informed and gave his blessings . 
  then , the coup plotter pilots downed the russian jets , which made any turkish incursion to syria impossible . 
  just before the coup , turkey mended its relationship with russia , iran and even made steps towards assad . 
  operation was again on the way but the coup happened and delayed it further . 
  long story short , for some reason ( !, 
  ) , `` fate '' did not allow turkey and turkey-backed groups to clear isis . 
  instead , us-backed kurds gained vast territories from isis , most of the time without a fight due to massive us air support . 
  western media carried out great propoganda for them and ignored their war crimes such as ethnic cleansing . 
  if the coup in turkey succeeded , the kurdish corridor would be connected to the sea by now and the western world would have recognized this self-declared state . 
  turkey would not be in a position to object this . 
  no problem for me . 
  glad to work with russians when turkic people are concerned . 
  gagauz people speak a language which is more than 90 % intelligible with modern turkish . 
  gib us gagauzia back , 
  lol , are these people so clueless to think that a multinational army is worth shit ? 
  if assad resigned , a pro-american dictator would come , close the russian military bases in syria , give the golan heights to israel , accept the gas pipeline deal that would end the russian monopoly over europe 's gas supply . 
  do you think putin is so dumb to allow this happen ? 
  the whole syrian war erupted because assad ( as a russian ally ) refused a gas pipeline deal bringing gas from qatar to europe , hence ending russian monopoly over europe 's gas supply . 
  fucking irony of plate tectonics . 
  anatolian plate is being squeezed by the arabian plate from the east and forced toward the west as the eurasian plate to its north is blocking motion in that direction . 
  us promised to turkey that ypg will return to the east of euphrates after manbij is liberated from isis . 
  this is only the beginning . 
  after jarablus is liberated , bab is next . 
  from there , the situation at aleppo will be decided and the operation to liberate raqqa will start . 
  color revolution is the modern version of a coup . 
  us uses ngos to fund these movements . 
  they are aimed at overthrowing the pro-russian governments in countries like ukraine , georgia , armenia , azarbaijan and replace them with pro-western ones . 
  the aim is clearly to remove the russian sphere of influence and secure eu 's energy safety by claiming the route to caucauses ( through georgia-armenia-azarbaijan corridor ) . 
  honestly i do not know much about turkic countries . 
  but from what i have seen in the news , the amount and the extent of conservatism in turkey is not so different than in us and european countries . 
  my sister works in judiciary and she says that all the people purged from judiciary are known to be gulenists and even now , there are some gulenists in the judiciary missed by the govertment . 
  the prosecutors and judges are working non-stop since the coup to find out the gulenists . 
   how the fuck do they all now hate gulen and his followers all of a `` suddden '' ?!, 
  maybe because of this failed coup where so called turkish soldiers massacred turkish civilians and bombed the parliament which is sacred in the eyes of turks ? 
   erdogan was butt buddies with gulen and his men . 
  every political leader in the last 30-40 years tried to get the `` blessings '' of gulen with varying degrees . 
  erdogan always put a distance between himself and gulen movement . 
  the co-founders of akp ( abdullah g\u00fcl and especially b\u00fclent ar\u0131n\u00e7 ) were the actual butt buddies with gulen . 
   fish brained people conveniently forget this . 
  erdogan and his cronies are just as guilty . 
  no one forgets anything . 
  right now turkey 's existence is in danger and people acknowledge that . 
  the time for past transgressions will come after we secure our homeland . 
   since the fall of communism , the united states has n't used coups to achieve its goals . 
  lol . 
  color revolutions anyone ? 
  the term `` islamist '' used in the western media does not apply to turkey . 
  less than 10 % of the turkish voters can be called `` islamist '' and many of those people do not vote for akp . 
  western media likes to conflate islamists and radical islamists . 
  in turkey , radical islamists are at most 2-3 % of the voter base . 
  vast majority of the akp voters are regular right wing conservatives and their primary concern is economy and security . 
  they might cheer for islamic slogans in the meetings but they vote for economy and security , not for islamic slogans . 
  in the past , there were several right wing conservative parties but all of them were dissolved before akp was born and their voter base was claimed by akp and akp only . 
  i hope this clarifies the misconception in the western media according to which the entire akp voter base ( 50 % ) is depicted as radical islamists cheering for jihadists . 
  below link is a good start : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/thinking-gulen-is-a-peaceful-scholar-is-a-huge-mischaracterization.aspx?pageid=449&amp;nid=102173&amp;newscatid=548 note that the author of this article is one of the staunchest critics of erdogan 's policies . 
  below is a very accrurate analysis from 6 months before the failed coup : http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jan/21/abraham-wagner-gulen-movement-a-threat-to-us-turke/, 
   he assisted greek finance minister varoufakis in 2015 . which gives him more credibility in my eyes . 
  this is primarily about preventing kurds in syria declaring independency . 
   they dont care about the facts neither does your foreign minister . 
  i am surprised that she still did not resign after that scandal . 
   it has been invaded and ethnically cleansed by turkey ? 
  greeks had this [ akritas plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akritas_plan ) which was aimed to annihilate the turks in cyprus , which is genocide . 
  turkey simply used its legal rights to create a safe haven for its kin . 
   the republic of cyprus is the only recognized and legal national entity on the island of cyprus , so yes , they get to join the eu , while the occupied territories of n. cyprus do not . 
  if and when turkey decides to respect the sovereignty of cyprus , then the benefits of eu membership will also apply to the rest of the island . 
  but still the north of the island is de facto out of cyprus ' control . 
  it was a great act of hypocrisy to accept a country with territorial disputes into european union . 
   but who ever tried to do it will now try to create a demonic image of erdogan to try bring him down somehow that has been going on more than 3 years in the western media . 
  nope , not regular troops . 
  it was plain old intercommunal violence where militia forces and irregular bandits were formed for the purpose of ethnically cleansing the other group . 
  in fact , the reason why the sultan sent mustafa kemal to the region was to inspect the situation and restore order .
