  i agree that turkey 's middle east policy is shit . 
  but i have to remind you that up until the last year or so , turkey 's middle east policy was 100 % in line with us . 
  as soon as erdogan started to act independently , be it in middle east or in that chinese missile crisis , this smear campaign against erdogan started in the western media . 
  erdogan was the same as before but only after acting against the interests of us , did he become an authoritarian dictator according to western media . 
  the funny thing is that erdogan is less authoritarian and more cooperative after the coup . 
  this shows that he is also less powerful than before . 
  i hope you can see the ridiculousness of the idea that erdogan staged this coup to gain more power . 
  btw , turkey 's syria policy is about to change course somewhere between 90 and 180 degrees . 
  if you want to get rid of the yoke of us/nato , now is the best time . 
  this failed coup was the final nail in the coffin of their middle east policy . 
  what interests eu is the fact that eu has to pay the price of us 's failures in the middle east . 
   why this sudden aggression ? 
  butthurt . 
  the us and eu politicians are extremely butthurt about the fact that this cia coup failed in the worst way possible . 
  they do not even know what to do . 
  soon after the coup , kerry had to come to eu to tell his counterparts how to react . 
  of all the things eu bashes turkey with , pedophilia should be the last of them . 
   sanctions are a form of warfare , not diplomacy . 
  warfare is a form of diplomacy . 
  but still , there is also the saudi influence ( still backed by us ) in the region . 
  iran and turkey can come to a fair agreement and share syria and iraq between them , with russia preserving its holdings in the region . 
  all they have to do is to crush the saudi/us proxies in the region . 
  well , turkey will never be a part of eu . 
  england , a signatory of the treaty of guarantee who still has a military base on the island , voted to exit the eu . 
  the future of eu has never been so questionable before . 
  nato/eu so far failed to do anything about russia 's interventions in ukraine and georgia . 
  modern world is still full of wars and conflicts . 
  in short , turkey would be a fool to give up its leverage at this point . 
  turkey loves georgia . 
  the west is hypocritical and only cares about their own interests . 
  there is no peace in any place nato/us got their foot on . 
  if russia and turkey make common cause , the territorial disputes of georgia will be solved peacefully and the investments in the region will multiply . 
  as for armenia , russia will put pressure on them for a peaceful solution of nkr issue . 
  you are wrong . 
  all the turkish journalists who are well connected to the diplomatic circles claim that russia will move one unit to turkey 's position whereas turkey will move several units to the russian position . 
  erdogan declared that russia is currently the most important actor in solving the syrian problem , which was also a jab at us . 
  erdogan-putin will solve all the frozen conflicts and border disputes . 
  this will win them a nobel peace prize and then / r/europe will riot . 
   do you think they talked about the incident from some month ago . 
  they had been talking about that to get over it months before the coup . 
  see the details of intense diplomacy [ here ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/story-of-secret-diplomacy-that-ended-russia-turkey-jet-crisis.aspx?pageid=449&amp;nid=102629&amp;newscatid=409 ) . 
  greece certainly does not want to spend so much wealth to defense , especially while they are going through such a crisis . 
  the solution of greek-turkish disputes will benefit them greatly and russia can be the intermediary to enable that solution , since the western powers so far failed at that ( assuming they want to solve it ) . 
  even if that was true , it is not for you to do anything about it . 
  turks can fend for themselves . 
  does not russia have lots of investments in cyprus and supports the economy in a major way ? 
  plus the orthodox brotherhood ? 
  in any case , cyprus having badblood with turkey is not good for cyprus ' interests in the long run . 
  the only way cyprus can export its gas ( which is the only real natural resource of the island ) economically is through a pipeline to turkey . 
  plus , turkey has already built another pipeline to deliver water to northern cyprus and can bring sufficient supply for the whole island . 
  definitely . 
  i wonder which balkan state would be the first one to ditch the west and join this russo-turkish alliance . 
  my vote goes for serbia . 
  eu definitely does not want more `` russian '' gas . 
  syrian war started because the eu wants an alternative to russian gas ( uae/qatar gas through jordan-syria-turkey route ) . 
  russians objected to this plan , after which assad objected to this plan and found himself in a civil war instigated by the west . 
  if the syrian war is resolved by an alienated turkey with russia and iran , you can be sure that the result will not be something eu will want to see . 
  what are your plans if turkey leaves nato and allies with the russians ? 
  are you willing to turn your country into a us/nato outpost full of military bases against a russo-turkish powerhouse ? 
  would you risk your country to be taking the first and the heaviest hit in case everything goes nuts ? 
  good luck with creating a kurdistan contrary to every single country in the region . 
  by the way , how do you plan to sell the oil in your beloved kurdistan ? 
  moreover , you will be terribly surprised by the fact that cyprus ( and greece to a certain degree ) is pro-russian . 
  do you really want to see the poor island turn into a battle ship and be a target for terrorist attacks and whatnot ? 
  do you want to be a frontierland and crushed between two huge clashing giants ? 
  what is the point of being an ally if us acts like a bully and does so many things that are against the interests of turkey ? 
  apparently he/she knows the turkish people better than themselves . 
  enes kanter managed to look like a brainwashed gulenist clown in the eyes of entire turkish nation long before this coup happened . 
   libya is a failed state and who is to blame for that i wonder ? 
  take this eu . 
  russia already has access to the straits per [ montreux convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/montreux_convention_regarding_the_regime_of_the_straits ) . 
  the thing is , this convention is highly outdated as the maritime traffic and the tonnage of ships vastly surpassed what was envisioned in the convention . 
  the game changer thing is the [ new channel project ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kanal_%c4%b0stanbul ) of turkey to connect marmara and black seas . 
  this project has a long history and it will give turkey enormous autonomy which it will share with allies . 
  russia certainly wants to have a good seat in that show . 
  russia did not exist when anatolia was an orthodox bastion . 
  historically , russo-turkish wars have been pyrrhic . 
  there have been several attempts to forge an alliance between these two empires but the western powers intervened and destroyed those chances every time . 
  right now , russia and turkey have lots of shared interests . 
  most of the latest conflicts between turkey and russia came into existence because of the policies dictated to turkey by its western `` allies '' . 
  congratulations from turkey . 
  kosovo and albania will always be in our hearts . 
  nato will be fucked when turkey leaves . 
  soon . 
  after the intervention , would you believe the greek cypriots if they said `` sorry for [ ethnically cleansing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akritas_plan ) the turkish population . 
  we promise you we wo n't do it again . '' ? 
  do they have any credibility ? 
  btw , this was decades before when europe watched intercommunal violence , ethnic cleansing and full blown genocide in the balkans . 
  those turkish troops guarantee that greek cypriots would never do something stupid again . 
  greek cypriots devised a plan to ethnically cleanse the turkish cypriots , overthrow the treaty of guarantee and unify the island with greece . 
  this is called [ akritas plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akritas_plan ) . 
  turkey used its legal right to save the turkish population . 
  the stupid and sinister actions of greek cypriots justified turkish invasion . 
  turkey will never give up what it gained through justified military action . 
  this is the new status quo . 
  the greek cypriots say `` ok , we promise to not to ethnically cleanse the turkish population again . 
  please remove your troops from the island . '', 
  turkey can never trust them again . 
   but it 's worth keeping in mind that russia is one of turkey 's traditional enemies russo-turkish wars have always been phyrric and there were numerous occasions where turks and russians were attempting to forge an alliance . 
  unsurprisingly , british and french were quick to sow discord between them each time .
