  even the parisians . . 
  upon my arrival at gare de lyon i asked the staff to help pick the right metro line and they we n't out of their way to lead me to the appropriate platform when i was leavin gare du nord for amsterdam i had 2 minutes to make my train and station staff opened all the emergency exits to make sure i make my train !, 
  tldr french are great people , i have no idea where this sterotype comes from , i did not meet encounter one snobby/rude person . . 
  if you are ever in chicago i will treat you to some pizza ... now im hungry and lunch is still a few hours away . 
  nope potato pancake with a spicy veal goulash, 
  but thats the best kind, 
  because you probably have n't had a good pie . 
  were n't the last ones supposed to be devastating ? 
  did , in the 90 's when poland was shit ... now its the reverse trend , people are heading back for better opportunities http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2013-01-13/news/ct-met-poland-reverse-migration-20130113_1_poles-krakow-european-union, 
  can we start one for kaczynski too, 
  they just took our shit ... 
  sitting idly behind our computers not saying a word is much better , we might as well pretend nothing happened and move on ... 
  judging by their actions they were n't too bright to begin with ... 
  when they were in the planning stages i bet one of them said whats the wurst that could happen, 
  i 'll have one marijuana please !, 
  inbev is beer drinkers worst nightmare , they keep on buying out microbrews and ruining them ... 
  they did no one can deny that , but now unions ( at least in the u.s ) fight for there own internal interests rather than those of the people . 
  having a both a polish and american passport has proved useful when traveling . 
  let them , it takes years of training to know how to operate one . 
  they 'll be lucky if they can get them of the ground let alone use them . 
  upvote cause i like mark knight too, 
  everyone in poland dislikes folks from bialystok and monki, 
  frank underwood will have his way , you just wait ... 
  im not familiar with it , its just the first link that popped up when i was looking for quotes from the founding fathers . 
  even if it is its irrelevant because im quoting the the founding fathers ... 
  i did n't bother looking at their interpretation . 
  99 % of modern war fare is still conducted with small arms . 
  look how much the greatly superior u.s army struggled against some bearded guys in the mountains or some little vietnamese in the jungle . . 99 % of modern war fare is still conducted with small arms , what good is a tank or drone in a urban environment ? 
  that does n't matter , its the principle of the idea which is important . 
  gun ownership in america is a necessity . 
  the founding fathers believed that if every citizen can be armed militias can be formed and the people can revolt against their governments in the event of a power grab . 
  this has been proven to be quite successful as the u.s constitution has been in place for a very long time which as a result has provided stability and years of prosperity . 
  i blame video games , rap music , and pamela anderson too . 
  correlation does not imply causation, 
  i blame video games , rap music , and pamela anderson too . 
  correlation does not imply causation, 
  greece, 
  please tell me your efficient at least, 
  der kommmisar falco https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w4xulsjo5i, 
  wind of change is fantastic and never ever ever knock the scorpions !, 
  its okay cheap vodka, 
  queen of the andals first of her kind, 
  oh you mean at gun point, 
  not if rand has anything to say about that , stompy feet was mistake the public knows that and the gen public wont let it happen again . 
  had * its all mideasterners and southeast asians now, 
  a few here in chicago, 
  breaking news : young people are poor water is wet and the sun is hot, 
  no necessarily , from what i understand they look for enzymes that are responsible for breaking down specific substances . 
  okay that makes sense , i 'll bring that up on my geography exam . 
  the real surprise is isreal being called western europe, 
  chicago style hot dog and tacos, 
  invest in eastern romania ? 
  cabbage is green, 
  but its in our nature , i think its genetic . 
  nothing is ever good enough and everything is miserable :-(, 
  we do n't have roads that let you go that fast ... 
  okay , just this time . 
  no , he stays, 
  the americans have been making better beer than the belgians for quite some time now . 
  dogfish head , 3 floyds , bells , revolution , stone , sierra nevada etc. . . make much better beers than the belgians and dutch ever could . 
  i was going to say wine making but nope the americans have that covered now . 
  it 's more like we are anti russian, 
  if they can only get thailand to join somenhow ... 
  australia has the population of los angeles , i highly doubt they had more guns than the city . 
  i can and will compare , because they pose no danger . 
  gun 's do n't people , people kill people . 
  a gun is as harmless is a pillow , it is what you choose to do with them which creates the dangers . 
  do we blame pencils for bad grammar ? 
  lets play devils advocate , lets make gun laws a national issues not a state issue . 
  lets say the fed outlaws all guns , what do you do with the millions in circulation ? 
  do you make people turn them in ? 
  do you criminalize current gun possession ? 
  we 've learned this with the war on drugs and the war on alcohol prohibition is not the answer . 
  why should peaceful law abiding citizens relinquish their rights because some ass hole goes on a shooting spree . 
  your right , they 're no longer a democratic model . 
  but that is because of politicians making moves to side track muh rights muh constitooshun . 
  if the constitution was followed and honored and used the way the founding fathers intended they would still be a model . 
  lets play devils advocate , lets make gun laws a national issues not a state issue . 
  lets say the fed outlaws all guns , what do you do with the millions in circulation ? 
  do you make people turn them in ? 
  do you criminalize current gun possession ? 
  we 've learned this with the war on drugs and the war on alcohol prohibition is not the answer . 
  why should peaceful law abiding citizens relinquish their rights because some ass hole goes on a shooting spreed . 
  british people = john snow ? 
  it is easy for the figures to move in any direction because of your small population . 
  you have less than 5 mil people so any immigration or emigration will change your figures, 
  lol , muh rights muh constitooshun provide stability . 
  it ensures checks and balances on each branch of government . 
  thinks have been working well for the past few hundred years in america ... 
  the crime is in the city with the strictest gun laws http://www.breitbart.com/instablog/2013/01/31/a-tale-of-two-cities oh before you start going on anti gun rant take a look at this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc4jjwutzkc, 
  i did , in that case you are correct . 
  i got lost in karlovy lazne and than i got lost on the way back to my hostel , i was offered to be taken to a brothel by strangers . 
  prague is one hell of a city . 
  i think your view of the world is very limited . 
  if you are ever in chicago visit the following neighborhoods on a friday/saturday night : wicker park lincoln park river north wrigleyville fulton market your perception of what nightlife is will change . 
  i 've noticed that about the night life myself when traveling . 
  there is really a none existent night life ... 
  i felt like i was in a village , yes the pubs were open but it seemed like a monday night . 
  warsaw was about to start construction on its metro lines in 1938, 
  its not fair to compare developing countries to developed countries .
