  but elzbieta witek , poland 's government spokeswoman , has gone further by calling for donald tusk , the eu president and former civic platform prime minister , to be put on trial for his handling of a 2010 air crash in russia . 
  the disaster killed lech kaczynski , jaroslaw 's twin , then poland 's president . 
  it is axiomatic among law and justice conspiracy theorists that mr tusk was involved in a cover-up . 
  as if all this were not enough , poland 's eu allies take a dim view of the government 's intransigent , even offensive stance on europe 's refugee crisis -- mr kaczynski has talked about immigrants carrying `` parasites and protozoa '' -- and its hard line on climate change . 
  but germany and others are cloaking their misgivings in silence , perhaps because poland is a strategically placed country . 
  it is not only central and eastern europe 's most populous country and its biggest economy . 
  it is a nato and eu linchpin in a region where the ukraine conflict and other troubles with russia make alliance solidarity particularly important . 
  still , a comparison between poland and hungary is instructive . 
  mr kaczynski admires viktor orban , hungary 's self-styled `` illiberal '' prime minister . 
  many of the new polish government 's actions come straight out of mr orban 's playbook . 
  some western politicians have condemned mr orban 's arbitrary methods of rule . 
  unless law and justice changes course , it will deserve the same treatment . '', 
  this is how it works , government puts out a warning everyone whines that they 're crying wolf . 
  government does n't do anything and an attack happens , where is the warning where is our $ $ $ money going you can have it both ways mate, 
  not when your brainwashed, 
  yes because its an ideology , and ideas never die . 
  these guys come back for lots of reasons , there was a story of a french national returning because daesh would n't let him smoke cigarettes . 
  muslims = goths, 
  new york was called new amsterdam for a while ... 
  borthers karmazov, 
  simple , we drink vodka they drink wine . 
  its much easier to lead by volume when a bottle of wine is = to a few shots . 
  this is fantastic !, 
  is that same religious saudi prince that likes to suck cock and fart in peoples face and import tons of drugs ? 
  im not actually in poland ;-), 
  its typical of all religions . 
  the poor are typically uneducated and favor faith as an explanation and solution to life 's problems . 
  the wealthier are typically more educated and substitute religion with science and reason . 
  the wealthier a country is and the more freedoms its people have the less religious they are . 
  people turn to faith and religion when they have nothing else to hold on to . 
  however people relinquish faith once they start coming to money . 
  western europe is well educated , wealthy and atheist . 
  eastern europe is poor and religious . 
  polish people are making more successful then ever before and those same people are becoming less and less religious . 
  now who is emigrating from turkey to europe , its the poor and uneducated . 
  $ 4-12 usd, 
  thats what i said about your mom, 
  plenty of space in hk , india , and the u.s, 
  its not really cheating . 
  the eu set to high of standard for nox . 
  car makers couldnt reach those standards in a feasible manner . 
  they can easily reach those emissions ratings but you would have to sacrifice power and reliability on top of that you would have to pay a few thousand more for those new emissions components . 
  the forbes list is made of disclosed incomes , there are owners of private japanese companies that are worth more . 
  how can they possibly consider them extremist when they believe its norm, 
  complany will go bankrupt u.s will buy the tech for pennies on the dollar, 
  they 're not refugees , they are immigrants and when they immigrate the come to established families that help teach them american ways and they assimilate . 
  op is probably writing this from the comfort of his sheltered town, 
  til : switzerland has a military, 
  didnt the new norwegian government just scrap the tax incentive for electric cars ? 
  said guy needs to visit the states , all the major cities rival europe 's major cities in terms of diversity, 
  americans are in favor of legal immigration , you know the process of getting a visa , working a job and paying your taxes . 
  americans are not in favor if illegal immigration , you know the process of sneaking in , and not paying your taxes . 
  what is the labor participation rate ? 
  when they threaten your way of life and make it their life 's mission to ruin yours and those who you love . 
  its pretty fucking simple, 
  every weapon is civillian killing weapon if used on civillians dumbass, 
  it is , we just wont listen / give a fuck . . 
  its almost as if countries are supposed to look after their own instead of others first . 
  its about 2.5 percent and growing , cities like nyc , la , chicago have huge populations . 
  dearborn ( detroit ) michigan has a population of over 30 % muslims ... 
  so dont try to belittle the u.s with your piss poor information . 
  trust me there are lots of uneducated and poor muslims , just step foot in a cab . 
  looks like utah, 
  that 's because they would have to trek through all of russia to get there , if it were n't for geographic restrictions the situations would be different . 
  your the one that brought it up, 
  wtf does america have to do with honor killings . 
  when you get sick , or your mom dies , will you blame america too ? 
  than fuck off , you cant dismiss a source based off of your laziness ... 
  100k and that 's irrelevant , because i was comparing the 2 countries before any military action was required to show why who responded how . . you cant compare the 2 know because the situtation is quite different, 
  libya spent 1.73 b on its military syria spent 2.23 libya is 10x bigger than syria land wise , meaning that syria has more $ $ per square km ... in 2011 libya had 35k active troops , syria had 295k, 
  syria had a much stronger military than libya, 
  obama care is a joke insurance rates in my state have gone up 50 % . 
  http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-obamacare-illinois-insurance--shopping-1025-biz-20161024-story.html i wasnt aware trump was anti gay , i was under the impression he was socially moderate, 
  they do the same in affrica its to build good faith with people . 
  because that would stop ad revenue, 
  polen can into space, 
  looks like it could be mexico, 
  tell that to the u.s it seems to be working well . 
  russian agents have gotten to more prominent people around the world , is it not out of the question to have people in an area of conflict ? 
  until he commits suicide , by 3 bullets to the head . 
  from a logistics standpoint a standardization of weapons , fuel , procedures would make a huge difference . 
  it would make things cheaper , response times faster , a unified approach , a unified policy and stratagey . 
  this applies to the e.u army , armies are typically accept citizens . 
  the only way this works is everyone joins , or no one joins . 
  no more picking and choosing what fits your agenda ... 
  lol , so eastern europeans killed an eastern european for being eastern european . 
  got it ... 
  no indication by the above poster either ... 
  what about time wasters like your self , bierz \u0142opate i do roboty rolnik . 
  im agreeing with you, 
  western europe is scarier than poland but it does n't fit the narrative http://www.breitbart.com/london/2016/04/21/poland-is-now-one-of-the-best-nations-in-which-to-be-jewish/, 
  we dont want it either . 
  i live in chicago , we have 370 ytd . 
  this has been dominating local news . 
  just dreams, 
  or claim to be refugee , loose passports , and move to germany . 
  the true number is the workforce participation rate, 
  time to invest !, 
  because you are downplaying the severity of the current climate , sweeping it under a rug is naive . 
  language or lack off is powerful tool , i.e obama referring to daesh as jv .
