  what does this achieve , would a week germany be preferred in times like this ? 
  we are all untied today , more so than ever before . 
  i really expected better from der spiegel, 
  where are the cameron haters now ? 
  leave it to a swede to lecture us about pizza . 
  equality for all !, 
  because its garbage , much better festies such as sonus , sonar , awakenings , unsound , dekmantel, 
  this is / r/europe, 
  and gasoline, 
  the gun violence in the u.s is not an immigrant issue for the most part . 
  its black youth on black youth retaliation killings . 
  you can thank socialism for that . 
  libya is the new home to daesh ... 
  and writing a law is just words on paper , you cant dismiss things so fast . 
  dude shut up , ease of access is always good for commerce . 
  what more can government due to improve ties and increase opportunity, 
  if you marry a us citizen you can get a permenant residence card and then when the time comes apply for citizenship . 
  attacking the real issues i see . 
  so the party is over , everyone is going back home ? 
  you underestimate your adversaries you under estimate the strength of boko haram http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/2015-year-in-review/isis-owns-headlines-nigeria-s-boko-haram-kills-more-ever-n480986 your dismissal of threats is worrying , as your country is beacon of hope for the region . 
  they did n't make it because of the russians , turks , kurds , syrian front and americans . 
  who will you call for help when they come ? 
  boko haram has sworn fealty to daesh and and controls half of africa and is briskly moving north saudis are stirring the pot on the iran issue, 
  daesh , iran , boko haram and saudi arabia . 
  im just playing devils advocate , its funny you should say that your fear is american controlled israel because their is similar sentiment of israel controlling u.s policy . 
  egypt is in way better shape than syria and look how much of clusterfuck syria has been . 
  the only thing stopping the whole thing from imploding is the u.s contributions to the military , are you really so naive to think the islamist government would do nothing after the us cash dries up . 
  i 'm sure when the egyptians say death to israel it 's just empty words . 
  you may win a few battles even the war , but is n't sacrificing peace to feed your ego a little selfish ? 
  nope , i meant what i said . 
  sweet we both win , my country ( i live in the u.s ) is in debt we could use a few billion and a few less headaches . 
  but i wonder how fast egypt would turn on you , followed by the rest of the arabs once the money stops flowing . 
  do you forget about the camp david accords ? 
  maybe the u.s should cut of aid to egypt and israel , that should help with your internal american problem . 
  if i 'm giving you money , i should have say in how you spend it ... 
  obama is dove ? 
  are you forgetting about the arab spring ? 
  the syrian clusterfuck , and the iraqi clusterfuck ? 
  sure he didnt invade iraq but his laissez faire policy helped form isis . 
  or even israel, 
  why would n't that be the case with baltic . 
  im not trying to be difficult , i 'm genuinely curious . 
  relations between are not great , but would turkey be hostile enough to do such a thing ? 
  every power has a plan for every foe or friend , its really a none issue . 
  is n't that the purpose of crimea , a warm water port, 
  whats the difference ? 
  some of the fastest american war planes are from the 60 's, 
  everyone in the u.k sniffs , whats the news again ? 
  trump said something similar we have a border or we do n't, 
  because that does n't fit the liberal narrative . 
  done, 
  '' even before the rightwing law and justice party swept to victory in poland 's october 25 parliamentary elections , it was obvious that this was no ordinary conservative movement . 
  its political style was bullying and suspicious ; it growled ominously that the state was rotten and in need of root-and-branch renewal ; it had an unhealthy penchant for conspiracy theories . 
  but the train of events set in motion by law and justice 's entry into office has taken aback even seasoned observers of polish politics . 
  to some , the possession of power is turning the party into a threat to democracy , pluralism , law-based government and humane social values . 
  such a label is premature and exaggerated . 
  still , law and justice is undoubtedly damaging poland 's reputation as the exemplar of progress in post-communist central and eastern europe . 
  high quality global journalism requires investment . 
  please share this article with others using the link below , do not cut & paste the article . 
  grounds for concern exist in practically every area where the new government has made its mark . 
  most conspicuous is law and justice 's attempt to pack poland 's constitutional tribunal with its supporters . 
  the tribunal rules on the constitutionality of laws . 
  its credibility rests on political independence . 
  there is some truth , as the tribunal itself acknowledged , in law and justice 's complaint that poland 's previous government -- led by the centre-right civic platform party -- acted improperly by rushing to fill vacancies on the court just before it handed over the reins of government . 
  in a sense , both of poland 's largest parties are guilty of a high-handed approach to the law . 
  yet law and justice 's behaviour has other motives . 
  the party controls poland 's presidency and has an absolute legislative majority . 
  the tribunal is the one branch of government beyond its influence , with the right to block its laws -- as it did when law and justice held power from 2005 to 2007 . 
  party leader jaroslaw kaczynski has not forgotten . 
  elsewhere , the government has removed civic platform appointees that ran the civilian and military intelligence services . 
  the heads of chief executives in large , state-owned companies will roll . 
  the new chief co-ordinator of the secret services is mariusz kaminski , a friend of mr kaczynski . 
  mr kaminski was sentenced to three years in prison for abuse of power when he headed poland 's anti-corruption office . 
  but president andrzej duda , a former law and justice politician , pardoned him so that he could take the intelligence job . 
  stripping one 's political opponents of plum jobs and giving them to friends is a practice not unknown in western democracies . 
  but elzbieta witek , poland 's government spokeswoman , has gone further by calling for donald tusk , the eu president and former civic platform prime minister , to be put on trial for his handling of a 2010 air crash in russia . 
  the disaster killed lech kaczynski , jaroslaw 's twin , then poland 's president . 
  it is axiomatic among law and justice conspiracy theorists that mr tusk was involved in a cover-up . 
  poland 's ruling law and justice party is no ordinary conservative movement , writes tony barber even before the rightwing law and justice party swept to victory in poland 's october 25 parliamentary elections , it was obvious that this was no ordinary conservative movement . 
  its political style was bullying and suspicious ; it growled ominously that the state was rotten and in need of root-and-branch renewal ; it had an unhealthy penchant for conspiracy theories . 
  but the train of events set in motion by law and justice 's entry into office has taken aback even seasoned observers of polish politics . 
  to some , the possession of power is turning the party into a threat to democracy , pluralism , law-based government and humane social values . 
  such a label is premature and exaggerated . 
  still , law and justice is undoubtedly damaging poland 's reputation as the exemplar of progress in post-communist central and eastern europe . 
  grounds for concern exist in practically every area where the new government has made its mark . 
  most conspicuous is law and justice 's attempt to pack poland 's constitutional tribunal with its supporters . 
  the tribunal rules on the constitutionality of laws . 
  its credibility rests on political independence . 
  there is some truth , as the tribunal itself acknowledged , in law and justice 's complaint that poland 's previous government -- led by the centre-right civic platform party -- acted improperly by rushing to fill vacancies on the court just before it handed over the reins of government . 
  in a sense , both of poland 's largest parties are guilty of a high-handed approach to the law . 
  yet law and justice 's behaviour has other motives . 
  the party controls poland 's presidency and has an absolute legislative majority . 
  the tribunal is the one branch of government beyond its influence , with the right to block its laws -- as it did when law and justice held power from 2005 to 2007 . 
  party leader jaroslaw kaczynski has not forgotten . 
  eu allies take a dim view of the government 's stance on europe 's refugee crisis and its hard line on climate change elsewhere , the government has removed civic platform appointees that ran the civilian and military intelligence services . 
  the heads of chief executives in large , state-owned companies will roll . 
  the new chief co-ordinator of the secret services is mariusz kaminski , a friend of mr kaczynski . 
  mr kaminski was sentenced to three years in prison for abuse of power when he headed poland 's anti-corruption office . 
  but president andrzej duda , a former law and justice politician , pardoned him so that he could take the intelligence job . 
  stripping one 's political opponents of plum jobs and giving them to friends is a practice not unknown in western democracies .
