  euro rail , keep an eye out on resident advisors for afters . 
  when in berlin go to the berghain / panorama bar . 
  poland has decent undergound scene boiler room just did a feature on the scene in poland . 
  krak\u00f3w is also home to unsound festival but that 's in october, 
  the witcher is polish, 
  how can you have any pudding if you do n't eat your meat ? 
  heres the thing with europeans they sit so high on their horses that they wont even consider a possibility that does n't lie with their value systems . 
  europeans are open to everything except to the words of others . 
  and here is one trying to show how vastly superior he is by insulting someones intelligence and not providing any substance . 
  look at this intelligentsia he looks down on americans and calls them easily brainwashed and he uses a blanket statement , is n't that ironic ? 
  once again you fail to distinguish some key factors . 
  the middle east problem is totalitarian regimes and and idealism . 
  these people people come with a toxic ideology and an agenda as they are the products of failed states . 
  they then try to impose there values and scold those who dont . 
  they only bring antisemitism and hate and they believe that their way is the true way and everyone else is an infidel . 
  the central american problem is one of failed policies , the people that come to the u.s seek better opportunities . 
  yes the booger sugar has something to do with but its not as much of a threat as an radical ideology . 
  these people dont blow you up if you do n't accept cocaine as your one and only savior . 
  these people are financially motivated . 
  these people bring with them a hunger for a better life ... 
  did i say they were a haven ? 
  the issue in central america is a criminal issue rather than a oppressive regime or do you not see the differnce . 
  people get killed by cartels ... 
  but no where did i say all people coming to the u.s , we are talk about the majority ... 
  but my omitting the crucial point and pointing the finger at the u.s you look like you are trying to deceive us, 
  hahaha i live in chicago , i beg to differ ... 
  yes but their refugees as well . 
  not directly but deaths from air pollution are up . . 
  is some one forgetting french contribution to this ? 
  the war in algeria which started modern day terrorism does europe forget its imperialistic tendencies that caused this whole fuck up ? 
  mexicans coming to u.s are not refugees merely people looking for better economic opportunities . 
  mexican presence in the country has really changed the identity of the u.s. 
  there are taco stands everywhere , more people speak spanish then english in miami parts of chicago , and l.a have such vast mexican neighborhoods that you have trouble believing your in the u.s, 
  its almost if as the media cherry picks the facts to fit their narrative !, 
  what does closing your mouth accomplish ? 
  we will push until we feel safe . 
  when the ussr was still in place coke products were on sale in the ussr , how ever there was no direct exchange between ussr currency and the dollar . 
  so coke bought vodka with the money and sold it in america . 
  well yah , thats the point . 
  help us help europe . 
  let us be be better prepared in the event something were to happen . 
  yes, 
  no he was polish :-d http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1333895/christopher-columbus-polish-portuguese-claim-historians.html, 
  fighting the good fight !, 
  herbata sounds like weed in portuguese, 
  oh man , im wondering what the mood is like in sweedn as their gov trys to portray sweeden as the least racist and accepting country ever ... 
  putin and berlusconi are old friends , people have spotted putin walking into berlusconi 's mansion at 4am to party . 
  a state has representative institutions , its own sovereign land , and recognition of said lands from the international community . 
  a nation can be a state but does n't have to be , it can be a group of people with a common culture and no lands of their own or representation like the kurds . 
  most of the police force called off of nye ... 
  thats a novel idea , however a the realist knows that you hope for the best but prepare for the worst ... 
  dear world : we do n't even like soccer and we 're still going to clean up fifa for you . 
  love , america . 
  lets not jump to conclusions , who knows how much catnip was involved . 
  plus it lead to a really cool song ... 
  im a pole living in chicago . 
  some of the best burgers come from this metal bar . 
  chicago : beards , plaid shirts , skinny levi 's personally i prefer to wear as much black as possible , are there others colors ? 
  i know your trying to be cheeky , but let 's pretend your not . 
  why is entrepreneurship a bad thing in your eyes ? 
  lol , i meant to say some of the * best * beer i 've ever tasted http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/590/, 
  new glarus brews some of the beer i have ever tasted, 
  http://www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2014/p0225-child-obesity.html cdc is pretty credible ... 
  in america , childhood obesity rates are in decline , and some people are saying that overall obesity rates are going to start falling soon . 
  soon it will be skinny america and fat europe ... lol, 
  i was hoping for snatch, 
  unsound in krakow, 
  poland has some of the lowest income inequality rates in the western world . 
  but they arent dangerous , there is no evidence in fact its on the contrary . 
  there are no bad dogs only bad owners . 
  which in a sense makes it worse , dogs were bread by humans for humans . 
  they rely on our nurture to survive and they are there causae we wanted them . 
  thats the same logic was applied by the nazzis, 
  the proof is in your comments ... 
  only 10 % . 
  most people consider it full asia , geographically , politically , and culturally . 
  why is this in / r/europe ? 
  no , that only happens in guam . 
  italy is not an island so no tipping . 
  pew is considered one of the most reliable polesters . 
  just because it does n't fit your narrative does n't mean its wrong . 
  it 's non partisan , and its non profit . 
  it would be a bigger fight than pacquiao vs mayweather, 
  it really depends on the scene , from my experience the underground crowd is some of the nicest people you will meet . 
  its club music for the masses that attracts the assholes . 
  northern france, 
  i do n't think any modern military uses those anymore but i could be wrong . 
  +1 sure tolstoy and dostoevsky have their place in history but russia has not contributed any great thinkers lately . 
  were getting better , slowly but surely . 
  too be fair medicle costs were far from what they are today . 
  i doubt they had anything that was as expensive as an mri machine . 
  since he was elected by the greeks for the greeks with the duty of roe representing the greeks, 
  i still think a hexayurt would be cheaper and more effective http://hexayurt.com/, 
  all of these are not huge issues and they are likely not going to interrupt day to day life . 
  there a bigger fish to try such as poverty , unemployment , immigration from north africa etc which do affect most french every day ... 
  in the u.s people have the right to bare arms so they can form a militia . 
  the founding fathers of the u.s believed that an armed populace that is willing to step up to its government is necessary to help make sure the government governs in accord of the constitution . 
  poland has a history of militias , once the government was no longer there to protect us we relied on our selves and our skills . 
  makes sense , my bulgarian friends bitch and whine all the time lol, 
  as a pole i feel for you , this is just an exercise in sales .
