  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwxf6udkei4 watch this to get a better understanding . 
  i think you 're confusing him with mcnamara, 
  where have we heard this before, 
  you 've seen video 's you must be a military expert . . 
  thats the same thing your countrymen said after hitler took the sudetenland . 
  cheap prepared food is usually unhealthy . 
  if you want something with some nutrition you have to pay a little more . 
  in the states you can get 2l of soda for dollar however you to pay 2 dollars for 2l of water . 
  im sure the same trend is appearing in europe . 
  it would be much easier if they had a paypal fund i would definitely try to help my brothers . 
  hahaha finally not last on a list !, 
  a few days ago when hollande was in the states he exclaimed `` the trust has been restored '' . 
  now him and merkel are bypassing the u.s. . . 
  i prefer top gear 's solution http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qckszzsg11i, 
  atleast we still have lewy, 
  can economy can not football such is life, 
  why not polandball ? 
  you got me all excited and worked up for nothing , have a upvote . 
  poland can nuclear, 
  so did the german and japanese brands . 
  toyota got huge bailouts from the japanese gov. 
  everyone was on the same boat ... 
  never going to work , it takes more energy to create hydrogen than it gives off through ic . 
  and than you have store it , keep it supercooled etc. . . algae is the future my friend, 
  said no one ever , fomoco and gm are doing really well . 
  out selling they 're japanese counterparts in the states by big margins . 
  keep in mind gm owns a few european companies and dords sell like hotcakes in europe . 
  buick is also the best selling luxury car in china . 
  i think they 'll be allright . 
  every state has some sort of incentive to buy ev 's not just california . 
  california does n't even give you the biggest breaks . 
  its people in cities like san francisco that are early adopters that have spurred growth . 
  can not supercharger can space such is life, 
  russia managed to turn the olympics from a sporting event to a comedy . 
  i sense a reoccurring theme, 
  it does n't , but that should n't stop us from having one . 
  we all have opinions on things we can change or influence , does that mean we shouldnt ? 
  good , more bacon for us, 
  trust only fades if you give it a reason to , what reason do you see ? 
  martial law has been declared, 
  too be fair a lot of older buildings do n't , shit i do n't expect a 300 year old building to have the same water pressure as building built last month . 
  only to be replaced by section 8 housing , it 's not much better . 
  sounds like the projects in chicago, 
  warszawa is the classic , sure the 126 has its charm but the warszawa is the car everyone wanted . 
  you do n't say did you know alcohol is alcohol ? 
  nalesniki z serem it 's like crepes but better, 
  because brain drain , no one cares if the laborers leave . 
  once the doctors , lawyers and engineers start leaving your left with nothing . 
  interesting article claiming the opposite http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2013-01-13/news/ct-met-poland-reverse-migration-20130113_1_poles-krakow-european-union, 
  great chocolate great skiing liberal heroin laws in the 90 's, 
  no news is good news . 
  it would be broadcasted on tlc after honey booboo, 
  work might interrupt the siesta schedule, 
  i agree with you but the germanic sounding username might have something to do with it . 
  that litterly had me laughing out loud . 
  i thing we should start a / r / polandcirclejerk, 
  we 'd get drunk and get nothing done ... 
  there goulash goes so well with our potato pancakes, 
  it can but that means everyone has to do well in school and go to uni and get a degree . 
  that 's not how it works , there are still certain things china ca n't do such as high skill manufacturing ( cnc machining ) . 
  financial and legal services may be growing but that growth will only help london , what about the rest of the u.k ? 
  too keep a sustainable economy one needs balance . 
  you need to balance your exports with your imports , yes its easier said than done but it has to be done . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm understanding your question . 
  but wo n't be until manufacturing returns to the island . 
  you can only do so much being service / finance based . 
  your performance is measured by you-tube views . 
  they may have gotten to moscow but its not considered successful campaign . 
  they did n't hold down the city , as far i a remember napoleon reached an empty city and burned it . 
  poland gave up moscow after holding it for 2 years after the russians and swedes fought back . 
  putin is no joke, 
  poland was the only nation to occupy moscow . 
  we held it for 2 years, 
  intresting, 
  you 're respected skyrocketed because he 's a thief ? 
  i like this example the best http://www.cbssports.com/nfl/eye-on-football/22429359/patriots-owner-robert-kraft-vladimir-putin-stole-my-super-bowl-ring, 
  we 'll the good stuff you wo n't find in stores, 
  based on my experience 1 . 
  prague 3 . 
  amsterdam ( strangers selling good drugs ) 4 . 
  the misconceptions on mccain in this thread are amusing , it 'd be best if you read up on him , his policies , and his achievements before demonizing him and the republican party . 
  i was london during the riots 11 when on my e.u trip , if anything this will stir more problems . 
  same slogan here in chicago o_o, 
  fair does n't exist in nature . 
  the fittest survive the weakest live , why should we reward those that do not contribute and penalize those to succeed ? 
  one of the consequences of such notions as ` entitlements ' is that people who have contributed nothing to society feel that society owes them something , apparently just for being nice enough to grace us with their presence . 
  wage caps are stupid so is minimum wage , people are paid what they are worth ... http://www.forbes.com/sites/williamdunkelberg/2012/12/31/why-raising-the-minimum-wage-kills-jobs/, 
  thats the mentality that got you into the problem, 
  lol, 
  upvote because bigos, 
  some one should x post this to / r/music, 
  surprised krakow did n't make the list http://travel.cnn.com/christmas-krakow-polands-most-festive-city-006581, 
  trublood ? 
  what roads ? 
  is n't turin the detroit of italy ? 
  i went to both lisbon and porto and i found that i had a better time in porto . 
  its worth it when you have multiple destinations close together . 
  check out the budget airlines such as ryan air and easy jet . 
  i found a flight from lisbon to porto for 20e as much as the express train . 
  also try blabla car , it 's like \u00fcber for traveling between cities,
