  come again?i thought it was the soviets . 
  and they say americans do n't know their history . 
  shit poland has been fighting for this for years now , it takes a crisis for europe to understand the value of this . 
  briton 's contribution to the war was huge , a generation was lost no one can deny that . 
  its not a black and white issue but at the end of the day we were sold to russia , forced to live under an oppressive regime for a better half of a century and i ca n't help but feel betrayed . 
  maybe my feelings are misguided , i do n't know . 
  the facts are the west flourished and we suffered . 
  shit , if we were n't left for dead after the war , if we were n't `` sold '' to russia in a back room deal . 
  if were covered by the marshall plan and grew and redeveloped like the rest of western europe . 
  all of this could have been avoided . 
  we would have been a flourishing country equal to rest of europe . 
  so please do n't pity us as like some 3rd world country ... 
  think of it as making up for lost time ... 
  thats why her and president stompyfeet get along so well, 
  enemy of my enemy is my friend, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  hahaa , this was great !, 
  rich in potato, 
  and the mid east, 
  how is it fake , its on the website ? 
  give it a rest ? 
  your the prick that made it personal by bring in personal insults and referencing my nationality like it has something to do with it . 
  your the one that has yet to reference a figure . 
  your a typical dirty cabbie that is all hot air but no substance . 
  i provided numbers , i disproved all of your dishonest claims and now you want to me throw in the towel . 
  fuck off you cunt ... 
  .20 per 1/9 of a mile which is $ 1.80 a mile , spin it again troll . 
  i dont work for uber it just gets me home when im drunk . 
  http://www.yellowcabchicago.com/ i forgot to add chicago to the url , fuck me . 
  i have yet to share a ride with a stranger using uber x you dirty smelly cunt . 
  whats your beef with service ? 
  visit uber 's website for the answer . 
  not really , a cab is a metered vehicle . 
  you essentially pay a predetermined price . 
  its more inline with a livery service than a cab service . 
  my rates are from yellowcab.com chicago 's biggest taxi company you racist pig . 
  hypothetically lets say they are from 1996 would n't the ones from 2014 be a fuck load more?its just called ride share but its your own personal car its not a bus . 
  your obviously a dirty cabbie that is just looking out for his dirty ass, 
  hahahaha , interesting user name taxi rate in chicago $ 3.25 for the first 1/9th mile or less $ 1.80 per mile uber in chicago $ 2.40 base rate $ 1.00 per miles so eat a dick you lying sack of shit , put up some facts and some numbers you start spewing your tainted bull shit . 
  you can the rest of the cabbies go fuck them selves, 
  uber is the best thing since sliced bread . 
  hear in chicago taxi 's are dirty , expensive , and can be unreliable . 
  uber is a ride share program that lets you hail a ride with your phone . 
  uber is cheaper , faster , cleaner , and much more convenient alternative to a taxi . 
  with uber i can estimate the cost of my trip , and i pay directly with a card linked to the app . 
  this means there is no exchange of money between me and the cab driver . 
  a trip that would cost me $ 60 will only cost me $ 40 - $ 45 . 
  krokodil and heroin, 
  or on the contrary , things will be done in a efficient manner leaving time to frolic in the sun . 
  helps you take regular poops, 
  most of my ukrainian friends speak fluent polish or either understand it but dont speak it . 
  however none of my polish friends speak a word of ukrainian, 
  spin it again just because msnbc , motherjones or npr have n't reported it does n't make it a lie . 
  obama supporters are the funniest clowns i have met , if you criticize him you automatically a right wing loon or a racist . 
  http://rt.com/news/obama-kosovo-russia-mistake-705/ http://news.antiwar.com/2014/03/27/obama-falsely-claims-kosovo-secession-involved-un-backed-referendum/ http://inserbia.info/today/2014/03/serbias-office-for-kim-obama-there-was-no-referendum-on-kosovo/, 
  whats wrong with it ? 
  stop panning it out like its the tool of the devil . 
  please show me whats wrong with this article before bashing a legitimate news source . 
  i live in ` murica, 
  merrit financial, 
  same goes for major american cities . 
  there are more latinos in l.a , chicago , miami than white americans . 
  i went on a euro trip in 2011 . 
  i went to krakow , berlin , munich , prague , rome , nice , paris , amsterdam , london , dublin , madrid over the course of 2.5 weeks . 
  i found that berlin is the most cosmopolitan . 
  i was n't impressed with london i found it to be more hype the substance . 
  berlin, 
  i dont get it, 
  i was hoping for story about potato, 
  it maybe a big city to you but when comparing of such size it really does n't make much of a difference . 
  lets say for the sake of argument you are right ( which your are n't ) . 
  would 600k more people in houston increase the amount of murders by 2.5 times ? 
  right left north south up down ... 
  i dont care . 
  # are number this was n't an opinion piece it was an analysis of # . 
  watch this video ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc4jjwutzkc http://www.breitbart.com/big-peace/2013/10/18/report-crimes-rates-in-britain-may-be-higher-than-before-the-1997-handgun-ban, 
  600k makes the cities comparable and we are talking about the city proper not metro . 
  once again poverty rates are comparable . 
  you just proved my point , more gun laws do n't make the city safer . 
  funny you should bring up england , gun crimes have soared since the hand gun ban http://townhall.com/tipsheet/katiepavlich/2012/12/11/gun-crime-soars-in-england-where-guns-are-banned-n1464528 http://www.breitbart.com/instablog/2013/01/31/a-tale-of-two-cities, 
  a tale of two cities . 
  both houston and chicago have roughly the same populations ( in the city proper , not counting the suburbs because chicago is much bigger ) . 
  both have the same amount of minorities . 
  both have wealthy neighborhoods and underprivileged neighborhoods . 
  chicago has some of the strictest gun laws in the countries while houston has some of the most lenient laws . 
  in 2012 chicago had 532 murders in 2012 houston had 216 murders and 198 in 2011 . 
  but you can make whiskey !, 
  shit its not like any one pays for the metro , everyone just hops over . 
  that 's what i implied, 
  if they represent a small amount of the country theyre above average birth rate should n't have a great impact on the general birth rate . 
  4 % of the country identifies them selves as mormon so that cant be the case, 
  mexican immigrants have huge families and offset the figures, 
  i can barely take care of my self, 
  there was an article on polski bus on google news . 
  it mentioned free ice cream for passengers, 
  and free icecream, 
  stop confusing him with facts !, 
  poland kept its embassy open in syria while the us closed its own amidst the civil war . 
  i 'm no sure what thread level such an action implies . 
  poland can beautiful,
