   maybe in the future this will transition to a `` star trek '' sort of model where nobody actually needs to work , but people follow their passions . 
  pretty much the long-term goal of those of us in / r/basicincome i think . 
  and i think it 's realistic too , although not in my lifetime . 
  we 're decades from this being realistically possible in the uk . 
  depressing . 
  i 'm * shocked * i tell you , * shocked * !, 
  an opt out places the burden on the rest of us and also puts us on a big list of `` people who officially watch porn '' . 
  they got it the wrong way around . 
  i disagree and i also do n't believe my age should be of relevance , but i 'm happy to agree to disagree . 
  enjoy your weekend as well . 
   god damn , you people have got so much time on your hands to dedicate to whatever bullshit mission you 're on to prove the world that you know best . 
  we 're all just making discussion on reddit . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
   i do n't need a hint , you come across as a real prick with that type of language . 
  says the guy who 's done nothing more than offer up insults . 
  i was being polite until it became clear that you had no intention of treating me in kind . 
   as if that 's not bad enough , when the / r/uk subreddit is voted the worst national subreddit you rejoice by typing a miniature essay on how fucked we all are on / r/europe . 
  i do n't remember typing any essay about / r/europe ...  if anything bad is going to happen to this country it 's not due to brexit , or whatever issues you have with the government . 
  it 's the attitude of people like you . 
  you feel like you 're owed something . 
  `` the baby boomers took all our money , opportunity and housing '' you cry . 
  `` the welfare system is broken '' you complain . 
  `` our rights are being taken away , we 're all doomed , snoopers charter is badddd '' you moan . 
  oh yeah , i 'm sorry that our generation has it worse than the previous in almost every respect . 
  i 'm sure that things will get better and we 'll be given everything we want by merely shutting up and accepting it , right ? 
  you 're a dictator 's wet dream . 
  nothing gets better if you do n't highlight the issues , nor will it if you fail to empathise with those unlike yourself . 
  if the country were in a whole other place , one that you personally in large parts despised and felt abandoned by , would you _ really _ be quiet about it ? 
  of course not , no sane person would . 
   and you spend hours , days perhaps , posting that shit to / r/uk . 
  i 'm sure it 's very cathartic ... well done . 
  do i ? 
  care to take another look through my post history ? 
   if the country is so fucking broken , why is it that i 'm surrounded by people who are successful in their 30s ? 
  they 're not silver spoon types or baby boomers , they 're born and raised in a low/middle class area just like me . 
  fuck , some of them served time for drugs charges . 
  and they 're now genuinely prosperous . 
  they 've built businesses from scratch , they live in nice houses , they serve their community , donate to charity , pay taxes and create jobs and wealth . 
  anecdotes do n't overrule the cold , hard data that wealth inequality is getting worse , as is the housing market , as is social mobility . 
  further , it 's easy for those in the middle class to believe they 're lower class and vice versa . 
  your own perceptions may well be flawed . 
  and as i said , even if they 're not , even if you 're correct in your assessment of those around you , that assessment is an anomaly , and not because everyone else in the country merely lacks work ethic ( i can feel you going down that road before i even send this message ) . 
  also , business owners `` creating wealth '' is the biggest load of ironic bullshit around , but that 's an argument for another day . 
  perhaps you 've just been lucky not to meet the ones that do nothing but leech upon society . 
   do you know why they 're successful ? 
  do you hear from these guys in / r/uk ? 
  do you think they built success by pissing and moaning about the government on / r/uk ? 
  no , they 've got their heads down , they work hard and they make shit happen . 
  i dropped out of school around age 14 and have no qualifications . 
  despite this , i 'm now 21 and a higher-rate taxpayer with a solid career path ahead of me . 
  do n't talk down to me ; you do n't know me . 
  it 's actually that i 've lived a few years of my life on welfare , and that i was enabled to reach where i am now by the nhs , that i value those institutions so deeply . 
  i am a poster-boy for working hard and getting shit done but in your ideal society that would never have been possible . 
   our country is not perfect . 
  our government is not perfect . 
  brexit is not , and will not be perfect . 
  does it mean that everything is now fucked ( which is the general rhetoric on r/uk ) . 
  i 'm sorry to inform you that it does not , we are not , and will not be fucked . 
  this is not a boolean outcome . 
  of course it 's not boolean , however it 's a spectrum and from where i 'm sitting it looks like we 're going to fall far on the worse end of it as well as drag the country yet even further to the right . 
  which , as you should guess , i believe will only hinder the country further . 
  if i 'm wrong and brexit goes really well i 'll be delighted . 
  i 'm not being negative just because i like to be . 
  i 'm being negative because i believe that the only way you can be positive right now is if you bury your head in the sand , and i do n't believe that 's the right way to approach politics . 
   i will continue to work hard , to seize opportunity , to focus on the positives ( and fuck me , this country is drowning in potential and positives - if only you 'd take a short while to consider them ) , and generate wealth . 
  i think it 's a travesty that the main uk subreddit does not reflect the virtues , energy and enthusiasm that i know through personal and profound experience exists in our country . 
  i 'm doing the same , but i 'm also considering my exit plan if the country worsens , as looks especially likely in at least the short-term . 
  in the meantime i 'll try and point out all the flaws with the road we 're going down in the hope we can be halted , and if not i will jump ship before we drown . 
   yes you 're being unreasonable . 
  you 're using brexit unreasonably to write off the uk . 
  you should be ashamed . 
  `` comrade , how dare you argue against our dear leader . 
  you should be ashamed . '', 
  dissent is _ vital _ in a healthy democracy . 
  you need to understand that . 
   you should n't just venture outside of / r/uk , you should venture outside of your ecosystem full stop . 
  go meet new people and i assure you that you will find people who will flourish as a result of brexit . 
  so far that 's only been wealthy foreign investors seizing upon our weakened currency . 
  meanwhile , retirement age is going up in amongst all the other issues i posted previously . 
  i see nothing to feel positive about , and i sha n't pretend that everything will be fine as if the government is my master and always knows best . 
  nor the populace for that matter ; we do n't have direct democracy for a reason . 
  i hope if you reply to me again you take the time to reply to the issues themselves instead of attacking me ad hominem . 
  have a nice day . 
  you 're not vastly overestimating the support of those two right-wing parties . 
  as i recall , it was something more like 13 % and 36 % respectively . 
   it 's demonstrably not the case that the two main uk subreddits are equal and opposite in their politics . 
  it demonstrably is if you look at voting patterns , however , judging by your very own survey link . 
   tell me , who is being unreasonable ? 
  answer the question . 
  would you like a hint ? 
  it 's all relative . 
  it 's quite far right compared to / r/unitedkingdom , and fairly close to the uk as a whole based upon the polls someone else showed . 
  i think majority lib dem ( centre ) and tory ( right , very right at the moment actually ) does equal right-wing . 
  and that 's fine , the country is quite far right at the moment . 
  if you 're comparing to the country as a whole then sure you 're bang on and we 're far left , but i resonate with the rest of the country politically right now about as much as i would resonate with someone trying to rob me , so i do n't really care . 
  so naturally lefties like me who disagree to the point of finding the tone of each thread frustrating would want to have our discourse elsewhere . 
  i do n't want to have a debate or an argument on the internet every day like my younger self did . 
  and i think that 's fair . 
  i give a list of points in i think a reasonable way . 
  you , as someone who disagrees , does nothing other than offer up multiple insults .
