   sure if you want total accuracy ( barring those getting past it ) but that 's obviously not feasible . 
  a blacklist does work believe it or not . 
  can you prove that ? 
  take the pirate bay block as an example - a vpn will get around it , as will a host of mirrors . 
  it does n't work and just becomes a game of whack-a-mole . 
   imagine that a child porn filter ( as talked about above ) censoring child porn . 
  this has been going on for a while now and happens all over the globe also the child porn filter is voluntarily done by isps as self regulation and is not government mandated ( although there are laws in place ) , yes there 's been issues with them blocking whole domains such as imgur it 's not perfect but it 's certainly not some government way to block what they do n't want to you to know . 
  domains and servers that are indexed and found to be holding such content are investigated and seized . 
  have you got a single example of something of this manner that is isp-blocked but not yet taken down ? 
   that 's not even talking about the voluntary porn filter . 
  fyi , i 'd be fine with this if it was off by default . 
  and if it did n't include hazy ` esoteric material ' . 
  not really . 
  google ( and other search engines ) already remove listings of such sites as they 're reported to them , and then forward the addresses to various authorities . 
  they can do nothing about the ` darknet ' a.k.a. 
  the unlisted part of the internet , and , realistically , neither can the isps . 
  the only way a filter would work is for a * whitelist * to be implemented . 
  at that point i doubt there 'd even be any use for the internet anymore . 
  what am i trying to say ? 
  these blocks are thinly veiled attempts to creep in internet censorship under the guise of the easiest cause going , kiddie porn . 
   considering ukip is stealing lots of voters only in european seats ( which they already have ) . 
  otherwise , they are , but not so much that anyone needs to panic . 
   none of the sources have proof that this guy was lying , either . 
  right , but he 's claiming x , y and z , so it 's up to him to substantiate it . 
   like in the 1200 's ? 
  yeah , not surprised . 
  important thing is it 's not happening now . 
  i mean , almost every society used to rape and pillage , why is that not ok now ? 
  firstly , i was referring to those with personal religious ideologies attempting to push that into education - christians do that in this country as much if not more than muslims . 
  secondly , not even gove is saying that they 're supporting rape and pillaging in this schools , so that 's a massive leap . 
  if you 're going to make leaps like that for all muslims then i 'll do the same bloody thing for christianity , and there 's ` distasteful ' stuff in there as well . 
  this is all assuming that everything gove says is true . 
  he is a fucking politician with an agenda , so even if there 's truth to it he 'll have cherry picked and maneuvered it to suit him . 
  this comment in / r/ukpolitics has it right - it probably is n't a conspiracy , and it probably is n't anything that christians ( and probably those of other faiths ) have n't tried to do before : http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/27oxgc/is_the_socalled_operation_trojan_horse_legitimate/ci2yiis, 
   a british school was taken over by sexist and insane doctrines please , source me . 
  the best source you 've got . 
   we are a `` christian country '' officially , yes . 
  in every other respect , no . 
   christianity in this country really does n't have extremists islam in this country is just as sans extremists too . 
   one of the schools in the investigation invited a guest speaker with known extremist views to address pupils . 
  source ? 
   one had a school trip to saudi arabia only for muslim pupils amongst other things . 
  we still have nativity plays - it 's all just more inequality because of a lack of secularism . 
   something needs to be done , complaining about christian schools not being looked into does n't deter from the fact that some of these islamic schools are teaching stuff that should n't be allowed to be taught in our schools . 
  i agree , however there is no reason to target solely islamic schools and cause yet more division when we could simply aim for secularism altogether . 
  - our government is currently quite right wing-aligned . 
  - it 's an easy target for `` we 're doing x , y , z '' without actually doing anything of any sustenance . 
  - it 's attacked whilst christian schools are conveniently ignored . 
  we need secular education period , not just more anti-islamic flaming . 
  * nothing * . 
  this is not really a big deal here . 
  it just plays into the islamophobic tendencies of this sub . 
  you forgot benefits . 
  yeah , the bipartisanship from both sides is quite infuriating . 
  i thought it was less convenient until i discovered the ! bang system . 
  good gosh . 
  * mostly . 
  * there are one or two chrome extensions that i miss since switching over . 
  `` i 'd rather die on my feet than live on my knees . '', 
  head . 
  my views do n't fit into left wing or right wing - they 're a curious mix of both . 
  to consign yourself to just the left or the right is to deny yourself any political individuality . 
  socially i am very liberal , but when it comes to government it really does mix about all over the place . 
   besides i really do n't have a problem with the nsa spying , it 's their job you ca n't grant them moral immunity because it 's their job . 
  they can go and get another one . 
  heck , even if they ca n't , they should still resign . 
  what they 're doing is completely immoral and barely even beneficial to * us * anyway , if it all . 
   governments have been intercepting phone calls for years that does n't justify either accepting it or what you 've adopted , that being apathy . 
   our democracy is too strong in the u.s. you seem to just be given a couple of similar puppets to pick from every few years . 
  it 's not much better here in england . 
  and the state-sponsored , home-grown propaganda ... fuck me . 
   there are way too many safeguards to prevent that such as ? 
  everyone is apathetic , the 1 % ( for want of a more accurate and fair term ) have all the power , hmm ...  what i do have a problem with is [ ... ] their attempts to mess with encryption . 
  but it 's just their job !, 
  you 're naive . 
  governments are notoriously untrustworthy and this tool they 've built gives them a ridiculous amount of knowledge about each and every one of us at will . 
  besides , how about i go rummage through your house ? 
  i 'll leave everything as i found it , it wo n't affect you !, 
  so we can get tens of thousands for this but only a few thousand for the nsa/gchq/whoever else spying on absolutely everything that everyone does ? 
  i do n't understand us . 
  even today nick clegg wrote a piece in the guardian of all places about the david miranda situation and it was wildly hypocritical and dishonest . 
  sure but it 's definitely something that should be brought up to anyone switching over for the sake of privacy . 
  seems a stupid move by the devs in my opinion . 
  yeah that 's the one . 
  there are a few privacy concerns with ubuntu that i suggest people look into prior to choosing a linux distro . 
  i think there was a link to an eff article on prism break . 
  ** england : ** david cameron decided he knows what 's best for us better than we ourselves do , as always . 
  and if there 's no jobs going ? 
  hypothetical time : you were born and raised in a country run by a dangerous dictatorship . 
  for one reason or another , you have escaped and can not return . 
  you want a better life for you and your family . 
  you choose to go to europe in hope of said better life . 
  not helping that family when they arrive on your shores is inhumane per my morality , especially when if by chance they 'd been born within the imaginary borders of your country you 'd have helped them anyway . 
  one could argue that in an ideal world you 'd give everyone a helping hand regardless of where they 're from , even if a few take advantage of that . 
  now , whether that 's sustainable or not is a whole other argument . 
  honestly saying the word myself as a brit it 's somewhere in between . 
  it could pass as either . 
  you know what 's funny is that you say we have this crisis in london and yet , if you look , those of us in london largely did * not * vote conservative or ukip . 
  by the way , the housing crisis can not possibly be attributed to immigration . 
  that 's ridiculous .
