something something bureaucrats something something ukip something something foreigners . 
  that would make practically all commitments to attack in war potential terrorism , which devalues the label . 
  i agree , but duverger 's law is based upon the principle that people will keep voting for the lesser of two evils . 
  i 'm proposing that people stop being so thoroughly stupid in doing that ( although i agree fptp sucks anyway ) . 
   your vote could potentially be decisive between the two most popular candidates/parties , depending on the constituency it 's still unlikely enough that you 're better off voting for who you actually support because , obviously , once more people start doing that the better . 
   even worse , in fact , you could enable the greater of two evils getting in ( say the conservatives ) rather than the lesser ( say labour , depending on your politics . ), 
  enjoy your two-party system . 
  it only ends up like that because of your approach . 
  it 's not hard to just vote for who you * actually * support . 
  you say that , and yet they pull the `` it 's a security risk '' all the time . 
  they 've been doing it constantly to defend gchq & nsa over the snowden leaks , and they have been caught constantly lying . 
  you 're naively placing too much trust in them . 
   voting for a smaller party is parallel to throwing your ballot in the bin this logic applies to voting for * any * party - your one vote , practically speaking , is almost certainly going to make no difference . 
  so , if you 're going to vote , vote for whoever you actually believe in , regardless of size , or whom you deem to be the lesser of the larger evils . 
   obviously , we ca n't know for sure whether or not this is true : however , we have no reason for believing it not to be true . 
  no , no ; the burden of proof lies with them . 
  i refuse to believe that kind of claim , considering how deceptive our government is , until they can back it up . 
   they do n't check everything you go on , certain websites just are n't reachable . 
  not in the context of this discussion , so no , that was n't my point . 
  but , beside this discussion , they * are * checking everything we 're going on . 
  this is a good resource , covering solely the nsa and only what 's been leaked/released thus far : http://projects.propublica.org/nsa-grid/ it 's a god damn travesty and we 've been betrayed by every single politician who knew about this and chose to do nothing or even further them . 
   i disagree but that 's just really down to how i perceive government . 
  the nsa/gchq scandal is enough reason for blanket distrust of those currently in charge , in my opinion . 
  they are caught lying repeatedly . 
  meanwhile , we 've been taught for decades that violent protests in the past were in fact peaceful , a kind of brainwashing that has turned society docile and unwilling to protest en masse . 
  when that does happen , they 've changed the laws over time to allow them the right to render the protests practically useless , and they consistently spin the story in the media . 
  this applies to both u.s. and u.k. 
  i have a folder full of credible sources if you 're curious . 
  or if i 'm wrong let me know , i 'm open to being proven wrong etc. 
   of course they are , i 'll give you another anecdote , the smartest person i know who 's on his way to becoming a civil engineer and requires him to become a programmer ca n't find a tv stream online and asks just about everyone where they get their links . 
  he 's competent with computers my point is if it blocks just one person then it 's working in some form which for child pornography is great that 's doing something to combat it . 
  like all things , it 's a trade-off . 
  just as i do n't think scanners in airports are worth the * chance * of stopping a bomber because of the privacy invasion , i do n't deem a few people looking at child porn worthy of internet censorship , especially when so many amazing things , political or otherwise , come out of an open web . 
   so your solution is to do nothing to combat child pornography ? 
  well good luck telling that to government . 
  my ` solution ' is to keep taking servers down that host them . 
  basically , do n't change anything . 
  well , stop spying on us all in collusion with the u.s. and the other three five eyes nations and whomever else , but this will do . 
  this is a step backwards on the whole , to me . 
   you 're mixing up context , the last part of our conversation has been in the context of voluntary porn filters since i said ( paraphrasing here ) `` and that 's not even mentioning porn filters '' . 
  apologies , these threads can get a bit confusing with quotes everywhere . 
  honestly , i do n't understand this statement out of context and have n't the energy to scroll up haha . 
   although afaik it can be done on a website , that 's how virgin does it at least . 
  i just received an email from them today , as it happens - for me , an existing customer , it 's opt in . 
  that 's how it always should have been . 
  here 's what i received : http://i.imgur.com/iw0ih9b.png  i 'm pretty sure government does n't hate teenagers nor do isps but cameron pushed his threat to get isps to offer an opt out porn filter for votes ( i think , could n't really tell you the motives behind it ) the motives are two-fold . 
  firstly , appeal to the voters who do n't understand how stupid this block is , and just want a chance to herald someone for `` thinking of the children !! 1 ! '' . 
  secondly , it 's another way of creeping in censorship . 
  sure , they do n't hate teenagers , but they 're misinformed and ignorant enough to not realise the effect it will have . 
   never use the slippery slope argument , it 's a fallacy . 
  it is n't , in my opinion , in this context . 
  just as an ad hominem is only applicable when that 's the centre of the argument , the same rule i feel applies here . 
  throughout history we 've had governments who have sought control . 
  when there are governments who must maintain an illusion of freedom , democracy , choice , whatever , they creep draconian things like this in so as to normalise them or they just do them in secret . 
  what we have right now is both . 
  we have this being creeped in and gchq doing fuck knows what in secret . 
  this is not tinfoil hat territory anymore . 
  this is reality . 
   voluntary porn filters good , opt out bad , child porn filters that every isp has as mandatory in conjunction with the iwf good . 
  that i would have no issue with . 
   you need to take a look at / r/talesfromtechsupport those are the very worst examples of people using technology . 
  not only that , but you ca n't even verify if the stories are true . 
  that is n't a source for how tech savvy people are at all . 
  i 'll give you an anecdote . 
  my best friend is hopeless with computers but knows where to find tv streams online . 
  when one gets blocked , she 'll just search for a mirror or for another . 
  you need only be computer-average ( or below , even ) to do that . 
   of course it does , but certainly not on the level it has been for the pirate bay which is what i was getting at , it makes blacklisting more effective . 
  but still , ultimately , ineffective . 
  it 's like approaching infinity - with each step you get closer and yet at the same time no closer at all . 
   fair enough and i do agree with it being the other way around , i think it 's done this way out of malice to catch people of guard . 
  who is it going to catch off guard ? 
  if you search ` child porn ' on google it will be no different to before . 
  the savvy will retain the privacy and the less savvy wo n't . 
  as i said , this is n't about child porn at all . 
  it 's just going to punish those who did n't notice the checkbox when signing up who now have to an awkward phone call to enable ( legal ) porn access again . 
  it 's going to punish teenagers who , even putting porn aside , are likely to just search for factual information regarding sex - factual information which is routinely found blocked by these types of filters . 
  it 's going to help creep in further internet censorship and it 's fucking pointless practically to begin with !, 
   the pirate bay block has stopped those not technically savvy enough to get around it i 'm sure , we ca n't really trust sources on those numbers though as they all have conflicting interests and little data . 
  personally i am against the pirate bay blacklisting though . 
  also there 's not really going to be mirrors for every server with child porn . 
  all people need to do is google `` how to access blocked pirate bay '' . 
  the non-tech savvy can do that . 
  you do n't think child porn , like everything else , gets mirrored when it 's either blocked or taken down ? 
  that 's how the internet works , just because it 's * that * i do n't see why the principle does n't apply . 
   https://www.iwf.org.uk/[1] ask these guys , i do n't work for them . 
  from the about page : `` we help internet service providers and hosting companies to combat the abuse of their networks through our ` notice and takedown ' service which alerts them to content within our remit so they can remove it from their networks . '', 
  they remove them from the servers entirely . 
  that is n't what is happening with these blocks , as i said . 
  point being , these blocks are n't for child porn , they 're for what the government/whoever deems immoral or otherwise displeasing . 
  those words have been sewn in because it 's political suicide for any politician to act out against anything that supposedly protects kids from abuse . 
   you 're against it because you have to click the mouse an extra time when you sign up ? 
  it 's a matter of principle . 
  it says `` we know what you should be looking at '' by default . 
  if it 's not saying that , it 's saying that we should all have to deal with this extra nuisance because a few politically correct , technologically illiterate morons ca n't parent their own children . 
  if you want to be that pragmatic , why not have it be the other way around ? 
  that would n't be controversial . 
   too much house of cards mate i2p and tor do n't just have some hidden telephone directory , it does n't work like that . 
  ` darknet ' means stuff that is n't listed by a search engine/indexing service . 
  ( there are conflicting definitions for the word , but that 's the meaning i was going for . ),
