would you say things got worse in the building of soviet union or after the fall of it ? 
  same with nazi germany . 
  i think collapses were better times to live in . 
   we ca n't go back and disband the eu : these subsequent crises just prove we need more cooperation instead of less . 
  history is clear on this : all unions eventually disband or collapse . 
  nato was created as a military alliance against russia . 
   the first nato secretary general , lord ismay , stated in 1949 that the organization 's goal was `` to keep the russians out , the americans in , and the germans down . '', 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato#beginnings ) why would they join it ? 
  i liked latvia 's song and wished it was 1st myself . 
  but that is besides the point . 
  the point is using your place in a jury to make a political statement . 
  if you think it 's all innocent and accidental then more power to you . 
  i have nothing else to add . 
  take care . 
  we can look at their other votes . 
  so for example take the first jury : 1st place - georgia ( past victim of russia . 
  a country that lithuania famously supported ) 2nd - latvia ( neighbour ) 3rd - estonia ( another neighbour ) ... last - russia ( obvious ) . 
  one has to be pretty naive to think this was objective voting . 
  the argument is not about who should have won the eurovision and whether or not the vote has any say in the final decision . 
  the issue is the incompetence of a few of our jury members to remain objective . 
  imagine if it was the other way around . 
  if ukraine was participating with a good song ( and be honest russian song was good compared to the majority of other songs this year ) and russian jury gave the song last place the people would go nuts . 
  now that the same thing is happening against russia people want to defend that . 
  it 's nice of you to give the benefit of the doubt to our juries . 
  but for me it was a sign that they failed to do their job and were either paid or had political bias . 
  this would be inexcusable in most any other careers . 
  and i am glad their scheming did n't have a final say on the scores . 
  latvian performance was my personal favorite . 
  i liked the vote of the german jury on that song . 
  straight 1st places !, 
  regarding vote of our jury on the russian song - yes on one hand it is hard to say if they really thought the song sucked . 
  but to place it in 26th ( absolute last ) place ? 
  my bet is on political bias this time ... 
  i think latvia should have won this . 
  german jury agrees with me : http://www.eurovision.tv/page/results?event=2083&amp;voter=de, 
  and one thinks that jury should be in a job of being objective . 
  shame . 
  hope we wo n't send same people next year . 
  my favorite was latvia today , but in russia vs sweden i was rooting for russia . 
  sweden song was just lame to me . 
  also the ripped-off melody . 
  regarding the vote - it is suspicious . 
  but the picture is getting clearer now . 
  lithuanian people gave russia 3rd place . 
  but there were 2 members of the jury who placed russia 's song at 26th . 
  the full vote is here : http://www.eurovision.tv/page/results?event=2083&amp;voter=lt, 
  no problem . 
  i am not sure if there is anything more to look into . 
  in my opinion the situation can be summarized as our president ( approaching the end of her second election term ) trying to build a brand for herself and be more visible internationally . 
  a lot of people were/are on her side , but she also got tons of criticism . 
  [ example ] ( http://en.delfi.lt/lithuania/politics/andriukaitis-showers-president-grybauskaite-with-criticism-for-causing-psychosis-and-usurping-european-council-meetings.d?id=67864130 ), 
   on 20 november 2014 , grybauskaite called the russian federation ( quote ) '' ... a terrorist nation that should be stopped ... '' . 
  this has been supported by the parliament and lithuanian media , including being generally accepted as lithuanian national opinion . 
  [ 27 ] following this statement , the relations between russian federation and lithuania have descended to new lows . 
  well our president kind of `` declared '' them a `` terrorist state '' . 
  so there is that . 
  if some country labeled lithuania as `` terrorists '' i am pretty sure they would be seen as enemy of ours . 
  nice . 
  the victory day parade is great . 
  but every post about it here gets either downvoted to hell or deleted . . 
  so they looked at a documentary and were able to make a conclusion about lack of russia 's future plans . 
  thanks . 
  first time i hear about this . 
  it 's a travesty that there are hundreds of films dedicated to the jewish holocaust yet other genocidal actions are rarely covered anywhere . 
  millions of dead ukrainians ? 
   it 's pretty shocking how desperate they are . 
  desperate spain or desperate refugees ? 
  this would force people into being associated with some kind of bank mandatory rather than optional . 
  the similarities between eu and soviet union grow by the day . 
  [ v. bukovsky talking about this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm2ql3wogcu ), 
  you should be fond of north korea . 
  they have this `` unified culture '' to the extreme . 
  you are not allowed to even have a hairstyle that is not approved of . 
  they saw everyone setting their heads on fire and replied with : no thanks , we will pass . 
  i have a feeling that this will be spun as a need to install massive monitoring and surveylance systems ( some kind of european version of nsa ) . 
  rather than closing the borders or rejecting quotas . 
  but we will see . 
   actually , this might get him into trouble if he still has to get his phd . 
  because there is no basis , from a scientific perspective , for his behaviour . 
  what do you have in mind exactly ? 
  i read his statement and could not find anything `` unscientific '' about it . 
  he just says he does not like the refugees . 
  war crimes ? 
  afaik russia is one of the few countries operating in syria legally - as in being invited by the government . 
  all the others are there by force . 
  i like the results . 
  lifted my mood quite a bit this morning . 
  hopefully now eu will at least halt on it 's expansionism . 
  i mean specific policies . 
  what action would you consider to be `` far-left '' ? 
  can you tell me what do you consider `` far left '' ? 
  well thank you for being interested in different points of view . 
  i did not follow what was going on with georgia that closely , so can not comment . 
  it might very well be power games played by russia , i simply do not know . 
  however the occupation ( or rather re-take ) of crimea was a response to the expansion of nato . 
  after the color revolution in ukraine ( when the president was overthrown ) there was a threat that ukraine will go on to join eu and then nato . 
  nato - a military organization that was created for the purpose of fighting russia . 
  to get ukraine into nato for russia would be to have an old enemy right on their border . 
  so they responded with quickly retaking crimea , which had one of their sea ports and a military base as well . 
  under false pretenses , sure .
