  marine , like many people , does not like conservative islam . 
  this is practically becoming a mainstream sentiment at this point and no amount of buzzfeed articles are going to change it . 
  the future is secular and non-religious , it does n't belong to religious conservatives . 
  the hijab has n't been banned in france and if there were some highly conservative christian religion that became popular in france wherein women all started dressing like nuns in significant numbers , she probably would ban it . 
  also you realise we are talking purely about religion here right ? 
  so the idea it is allto racism is risible . 
  russia recently effectively banned jehova 's witnesses - was that also racist ? 
  are you seeing the gaping flaw in your argument yet ? 
  donald trump would get a lot of kudos if he would recognise the armenian genocide . 
  successfully applying the term `` racist '' to anyone who is against islamic conservative , religious values has been pretty successful but the success is waning and people are fed up of this shit . 
  when did the definition of `` racism '' change ? 
  being anti-immigration is n't necessarily `` racist '' . 
  banning muslim women from wearing the veil is n't `` racist '' . 
  being anti-eu or pro economic protectionism is n't `` racist '' . 
  the left need to understand that no matter how many times they try and change the goal posts of what is and is not `` racist '' ( with the former becoming an ever expanding category ) , people will push back and the majority will never accept what they 're selling . 
  much of that article was based on the so called `` cultural battle '' between french secularism and religious values within the country . 
  this is nothing to do with racism and everything to do with conservatism and conservation of a country 's recognised values . 
   so the german state actually registered a german man as a syrian asylum seeker . 
  just because they could n't screen refugees when most of the refugees arrived does n't mean they ca n't screen refugees in general ? 
  not sure if that statement has any logic to it . 
  the german authorities registered a german soldier as a syrian asylum seeker and gave him benefits , what a hilariously shocking indictment of the handling of the refugee influx . 
  i would have put more effort into my reply if i were `` triggered '' . 
  nonsense like what you 're peddling is n't even worth an ounce of emotion . 
  tldr : everything and everyone is racist , end of debate . 
  why do you immediately have to go to `` racism '' as your first port of all ? 
  you really think the only objection people have to refugees from the middle-east is their hair colour ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  read the first article in the op 's post . 
  also additional articles http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31027152 https://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/23/world/europe/charlie-hebdo-attack-leads-to-changes-in-french-schools.html?_r=0, 
  whatever orban might have done , the eu damaged its relationship seriously with many eu countries through the ill thought-out refugee distribution proposals and subsequent threats . 
  except did n't the head of the swedish ambulance zone mention there were many areas they ca n't go alone and these are effectively no-go zones for them ? 
  nice , hide behind statistics at such a macro-level as to be meaningless . 
  a little bit of emotion in the face of tragedy wo n't do us any harm . 
  the reaction of many muslim french schoolchildren tells us everything about why it is not irrational to worry about that growing demographic . 
  unfortunately many people on here can not engage with it because it is so horrifying . 
  i have extreme sympathy for this man but can we not pretend there is anything `` powerful '' about a very passive sentiment that has been trotted out time and again ? 
  the people who commit these attacks and those who support them do deserve our extreme contempt and that should encourage us to take decisive action to out them . 
  sitting there passively while `` not giving terrorists our hatred '' is n't going to do anything . 
  passivity will not win us this struggle . 
   previously terrorists had various weapons and bombs and killed upwards in the hundreds in single attacks um right , what about the bataclan ? 
  is that the distant past to you ? 
  there is n't evidence and you know it so you use this to shut down any debate on the matter . 
  very cheap and a tactic swedes are also fond of . 
  except many of their beliefs are intolerant . 
  you are aware of the paradox of tolerance yes ? 
   she specifically targets the people which are a `` drain '' on society so have the tories in the uk and have cut down on benefits fraud massively , are they also `` facists '' ? 
   she is very protectionist mercantilism and protectionism is not `` facist '' . 
   she believes in the involvement of the state in businesses ( corporatism ) . 
  once again not facism . 
  sorry but aside from there being some unfavourable members of the fn , i ca n't see many indicators of actual facism here . 
  you know , facism that is n't simply `` she disagrees with me !, 
  i have n't gotten a good response to that question that does n't begin with `` her father ... ! '', 
  it 's another absurd example of this worship of headscarves while ignoring all the nasty cultural implications of the item . 
  based on his obsession with islamophobia , i 'd say he has a good few supporters amongst the posters in here . 
  the uk has plenty of its own innovation . 
  then my point stands . 
  just because you can say `` breitbart exists ! '', 
  does n't mean there is n't active censorship over many issues . 
  how do you think these outlets got so popular in the first place ? 
  this is a bit of a stretch . 
  the idea that european values are in anyway linked to immigration from outside europe or the free flow of labour between markets is such a stretch . 
  because we have `` individualised guilt '' and `` freedom of religion '' , we need free movement ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  wow , linking to vox , now you 've really lost all my respect . 
  i 'm glad at least you come to / r/europe so you 're not * entirely * stuck in a feckless far-left echo chamber . 
  because of that line of the constitution , no one can address any perceived issues with demographic changes in france or french citizens right ? 
  why pretend like a rapidly growing muslim population does n't have some societal effects that are not always pleasant ? 
  i just had my comment removed for linking this article [ with no explanation given ] as to why many people are worried about the growing muslim population in france . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31027152 and you can get banned from subreddits and branded a racist for much the same or less . 
  people do n't have a `` victim complex '' simply because there is a large array of highly polarised media . 
  people continue to feel angry that the word `` racist '' is being used to describe a bafflingly wide array of behaviours . 
  worrying about immigration or the changing religious demographics of your society * is not racist * in any sane definition of the world . 
  actually economic cooperation is the value the eu is founded upon . 
  furthermore european does not have to mean eu . 
  do you understand this ? 
   prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior . 
  this is the general definition of racism . 
  one does not need to believe that 's one 's own race is superior ( genetics/dna etc ) to oppose the free movement of people . 
  you 're basically telling me anyone opposed to immigration and large flows of people because it might threaten their society or lifestyle is racist . 
  that is regressive nonsense - people have a right to care about the welfare of their societies and being conservative does not automatically make you a `` racist '' . 
  people like you throwing about the word racist is why the word has become so utterly devalued . 
  it 's not really just organised crime though . 
  the world is changing and becoming more pessimistic about free flows of people , they are n't becoming `` racist '' and in fact you may find your definition of `` racist '' is beginning to differ from many people . 
  if you continually vary your definition of `` racism '' then you 're going to keep finding racists . 
  i do n't understand why the free movement of labour is somehow a european value . 
  boats full of anarchists bringing people in that they think will collapse , reshape and reform europe in their own image . 
  if you do n't think marine loves france and french society then you really have n't been observing the same woman i have . 
  she clearly is fiercely patriotic and compassionate , i see little `` opportunistic '' or `` power hungry '' about her . 
  what the heck is wrong with the canadians who come to this subreddit . 
  `` everyone who does n't like what i like is dumb '' . 
  being against the eu is n't a crime , neither is voting for a politician who is pro economic nationalism and harsh against immigration . 
   european values does not represent any of her views on immigration can you elucidate this assertion ? 
  i 'm european and i think that `` european values '' do n't really say anything specific about immigration . 
  we can look at the usa and see clearly `` immigration '' forms part of their cultural identity but europe ? 
  populism has become a byword for any politician addressing issues not addressed by or ignored by mainstream politicians . 
  in that way i see no problem with it . 
  has n't a snowball 's chance in hell . 
  lepen is a populist because she speaks out on issues that people are worried about rather than presenting some fuzzy neoliberal agenda not dealing with any specific issues a la macron, 
  also is n't kind of a shame if crimes amongst your native population decrease ( showing a functioning education and social system ) and you just undo that good work by inviting in people who grew up * outside * of that system and keep your crime levels up ? 
  this is why it matters as to who is committing the crime and why countries like sweden are practically criminal in their negligence to record and act on this .
