  apple does already pay a lot of tax through mandatory employer tax contributions on the people it employs . 
  hell yes , i 'd be very happy for the uk to take them . 
   `` we are suffering and we will not harbor those who made us suffer . 
  these kinds of incidents are happening constantly but nobody intervenes in them , '' arslan said . 
  a sentiment that echoes across europe arslan . 
  the idea that the eu should also encompass shifting around refugees and immigrants posing as refugees is why so many people have lost faith in the project . 
  this was meant to be an economic union and is turned into another case of germany bullying the continent for absurd reasons . 
  did n't you know , anything but `` open the borders '' is racist . . 
  yeah but they wo n't so what next ? 
  good news , i always feel a little sad when i see how low portugal 's gdp is compared to the rest of europe . 
  you act as if this is the first the story has been reported on and you need to judge the source of the claims made . 
  what you somehow do n't know is that the case of the rotherham grooming gang ( and many like it incl . 
  rochdale ) was blown open a while ago and the facts [ as presented in this interview and which you are skeptical ] have been established and accepted already . 
  we do n't need you to question the `` veracity '' of this story because it 's already been verified . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal feel free to follow the 201 original document/source links in the appendix . 
   does the site seem to be affiliated with extremists in the uk ? 
  yes . 
  ( according to wikipedia , nigel farage is a talk show presenter at lbc . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lbc ) lbc have an extremely varied array of people with shows . 
  also nigel farage is hardly an `` extremist '' . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't look at situations like rotherham and the many other sex grooming gangs composed of mostly pakistanis and learn something * specific * from it . 
  according to you we may as well go around saying `` men are bad ! '', 
  there 's no point in looking at overall demographics , population is not exactly evenly spread . 
  places like luton and rotherham have proportionally very high pakistani / `` asian '' populations . 
  i mean she went to a red sea riviera resort , it 's not like she was wandering around some god forsaken rural village in hot pants is it ? 
  i had no idea such a place would also be so unsafe but i suppose that if the news per stormfront ( wtf ??? ), 
  is true then she was raped not long after she arrived . 
  the same kind of person who throws acid over an ex-lover ? 
  opinions regarding immigration in europe are becoming hardened , this is reflected in this subreddit . 
  what do n't you get ? 
  so you 've basically confirmed my point . 
  the fact that london is a city that emobodies equality and cooperation , we still have members of the muslim community that plots terrorist attacks . 
  these people are not `` alienated '' or `` shunned '' by society in any way , certainly not in multicultural london and yet they still plot to kill innocent people in the name of their religion . 
  check and mate . 
   crime statistics , they come from poverty . 
  danish statistics `` adjust '' for poverty and there is still a massive differential . 
  http://www.dst.dk/site/dst/udgivelser/getpubfile.aspx?id=20704&amp;sid=indv2016#page=87 [ far right column shows the adjusted index ]  because our societies have rejected them rather than welcoming them , so they feel alienated and turn to radicalism putting the entire blame for terrorism on `` not welcoming migrants '' is bullshit . 
  go to london and see how well integrated and involved in society pakistanis/other muslim immigrant groups are - and yet we still have plots consistently foiled from these communities . 
  there is an ideological element to terrorism . 
  people want to protect european society because we 've created something special here - safe , stable , liberal societies . 
  endless flows of people from africa and the middle-east * does * endanger our society , surely the fucking crime statistics and terrorist attacks show that clearly enough by now !, 
   western culture is all about smartphones and cars . 
  do n't be surprised that you get a lot of downvotes when you call everyone in the same thread `` extremists '' . 
  do n't you see i 'm pointing out that one person apologising behalf of an entire group is meaningless ? 
  tino sanandaji is a kurdish-swedish author and he recently wrote a book called `` massutmaning '' which did a good analysis of the cost of mass immigration into sweden and soundly declared it to be a net economic drain on swedish society . 
  do you have any idea of the levels of unemployment amongst immigrants to sweden including recently received refugees ? 
  swedes have imported a new underclass whom they can not furnish with jobs , but rather only welfare . 
  i really wish you would educate yourself on the subject . 
  you really operate on extremes do n't you ? 
  please provide a list of how afghan culture , for example , is `` far superior '' to german culture . 
  some amazing delusions in that chart , i do remember when it came out . 
  62 % of swedes thought refugees would make their economy stronger because of their `` work and talents '' . 
  edit - downvoters seem to have no concept what % of refugees are on social welfare in sweden and how few have jobs . . 
  i have n't seen many people saying we should let them drown , but `` ship them back to africa '' is essentially saying deport them is n't it ? 
  what 's wrong with deportation ? 
  in your opinion being an extremist is saying `` we should stop taking iraqi immigrants because of statistics showing they commit disproportionately high levels of crime '' . 
  no shit , but i do n't think that somehow finland is getting all the scumbags from iraq while sweden is getting all the astrophysicists . 
  so then you ca n't really speak for them, 
  no , the car accident excuse is for terrorism . 
  rape is `` it 's a man problem '' or `` rape is a global problem that does n't limit itself to one nationality/ethnicity '' ... you know , obvious straw men . 
  and yet people will still try and claim with a straight face that sweden is in no way having trouble with rape and their mena population . 
  it 's so comforting for them to hide behind their `` non racist '' practice of not collecting meaningful statistics . 
  given the level of mena asylum-seekers and immigrants in sweden , you can imagine the figures and incremental increases must be quite phenomenal [ speaking proportionally of course ] . 
  think he is being facetious, 
  tell me what the imam at your mosque is like . 
  troll in the dungeon !, 
  people have a notion that afghani people are highly conservative , misogynistic and religious . 
  i can imagine many employers simply do n't want to bother with any potential fallout from hiring people they perceive will most likely exhibit these traits . 
  are you trying to claim that eu officials did n't make , what essentially amount to threats , to eastern european countries to either take refugees or allow them passage ? 
  that did happen and that was the most damning behaviour of all . 
  and i 'm not going to try and argue with you that anything mutti did was wrong , i know you 're incapable of entertaining such a notion . 
   for those of us that do n't just make up percentages , the actual goal remains 50 % after 10 years . 
  oh that 's much better / s, 
  and what do young men do when they have no job and a lot of time on their hands ? 
  this is how altruism can be self destructive . 
  it was highly publicised in the uk and - irrelevant of whether you agree or not - the obvious image was this : angela merkel is the self-styled queen of europe who can unilaterally make decisions to allow massive migrant flows into europe . 
  she and her cronies can then subsequently criticise and threaten countries into taking refugees that they did n't invite or want in the first place . 
  do n't underestimate how * bad * a taste that left in the mouths of many british people including myself . 
  the people working at the ngo are the arbiters of morality and beyond reproach because they 're `` helping people '' , did n't you know ? 
  those coastguards should be imprisoned for impeding progress . 
  the dude is crazy lol , pure-bred antifa wackjob . 
  i really do n't think living in an `` anarchy '' would be as fun as you think . 
  lands which have been sold by native landowners you mean . 
  is the jewish community in france thriving ? 
  tell me more . 
  because recent news coverage has focused on the number leaving france . 
  have you even seen the people on these boats ? 
  they 're not syrian . 
  i love how people can just label their ideas `` progressive '' and give the false idea that they 're right , `` progress ca n't be bad right ? 
  so if you 're against us you 're against progress ! '' . 
  fool proof . 
  good , she 's far too conservative for the party . 
  i 'm very confused about the scale of this statue and the perspective , it ca n't be that big can it ? 
  i 'm talking about the drastic reduction in people attempting to reach australia by sea ever since they made it policy that such people would be sent to offshore processing centres . 
  oh look , someone from portugal which gets hardly any immigrants is telling us we 're all cold-hearted and evil for not embracing endless flows of economic migrants with open arms . 
   and do what , let them die ? 
  people are going to try to get to europe , navy or not . 
  based on what ? 
  the australian experience shows us otherwise , quite clearly . 
  because it means you have a shared history/culture/lineage and experience .
