  living in germany is n't going to stop someone getting their child 's clitoris cut off no matter how `` robust '' you think your legal system is . 
  and it 's an absurd rule . 
  did n't cologne show us how trustworthy the words of a police chief are in relation to migrant crime ? 
  crack down on anti-semitism in schools , at the mosque . 
  i know there are measures being taken but they need to double down on this community that vilifies jews and think the charlie hebdo writers `` had it coming '' or europe as a whole never mind france is * fucked * . 
  we 're clearly talking about the french situation here . 
  based on how stunning she is and how fucking jealous and petty some girls can be , i 'd say the bullying was mostly pure jealousy . 
  it also seems like this girls concerns were n't being addressed at the school or at home as in many bullying cases which is very sad . 
  i remember my sister was being bullied ( with some ethnic slurs thrown in ) and the teachers often found a way to make it seem like it was her fault . 
  teachers can be shitty , neglectful people too . 
  ca n't stand eachother implies two way violence when it 's obvious the violence is pretty unidirectional . 
  how disingenuous of you . 
   what do you think would happen to the economy in barcelona or their jobs themselves for that matter if there was no tourism ? 
  spain already has massive youth unemployment , every tourist is worth gold for them . 
   more tourism = more jobs = less unemployment . 
  if you 're complaining about there being too much tourism you 're saying you 're happy with more people being unemployed . 
  i do n't get it . 
  yes , vice is a trustworthy source . 
   `` the murderer knew my sister was jewish and was from a haredi [ ultra-orthodox ] family . 
  he came to her apartment ready to kill , with a change of clothes , beat her brutally and broke 30 bones all over her body , while reading quran verses and shouting ` allahu akhbar . ', 
  it 's terrifying , '' attal said . 
  what exactly does that prove ? 
  egypt has `` by far the largest coptic christian community '' in the world but no one is going to argue that they 're safe . 
   i do n't think it 's fair to blame france for people like muhammed merah . 
  he does n't really represent the average frenchman , does he ? . 
  he represents a continuing failure of french society to protect their jewish population and a failure to face up to islamist anti-semitism . 
  i 'm assuming he wants to do more than just walk on the beach and admire the scenery while westing a fleece so possibly not the best suggestion lol . 
   germany 's federal office for the protection of the constitution estimates that 22,600 people in the country hold far-right views . 
  at least 40 % of those are thought to be willing to resort to violence in pursuit of their ideologies . 
  britain has about 15000 more jihadists than that so germany is n't doing so badly at least compared to us, 
  what a moronic equivalency . 
  there are degrees of cultural difference and i can guarantee the degree of cultural difference between paris and morocco is a lot bigger than between paris and bloody alsace . 
  arrests cost money , take up police time and ca n't reverse the crime already committed . 
  prevention is always better than punishment and if poland can prevent a massive clash between asylum seekers and the general population it would be wise to do it . 
  are you u see the impression that any of the refugees would be able to find a job in the first place ? 
  do you realise how bad a shape greece is in ? 
  do people actually believe the syrian regime carried this out ? 
  fml the naivete, 
  oh do you think they 'd be happier without a job at all then ? 
  importing an immigrant underclass who have almost zero chance of securing a job is gon na put a dent in your equality figures there sweden . 
  god forbid the article actually mention that factor . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/17/french-bar-tells-women-isnt-paris-men/ one of many examples . . 
   police said earlier reports that a lot of youths with immigrant roots were involved in the confrontation were not true . 
  just like how new year 's eve in cologne went off `` without a hitch '' . 
  some things never change . 
  damn patrick stewart looks old now :-(, 
  god she is * too * skinny . 
   i just say that french people and french medias know more about france than them the bbc was literally only reporting what french teachers had said about the situation . 
  why are you trying to turn this into some sort of false `` media bias '' narrative ? 
  also why do you keep focusing on this `` american media '' shit when i also sourced the bbc ? 
  talk about sidestepping the issue . 
   we 're not even speaking about hundreds of children but dozens just one teacher in the article mentioned that 75 % of their students did n't observe the silence . 
  if you think it 's `` dozens '' across the entire country then you 're being kind of dishonest with yourself . 
  that crowd of people marching with banners saying `` je suis charlie '' is going to get smaller and smaller the more france 's demographics change , that much is certain . 
  societal cohesion within france appears on the precipice and its not helped by people who normalise the kind of shit going down . 
   children who did n't respect it were such a minority that an isolate case made a huge polemic . 
  hold on , were you present in every classroom ? 
  in fact were you even present in * one * classroom trying to observe a minute 's silence for the hebdo massacre ? 
  what makes you a better source of information on how french muslim schoolchildren reacted than a source like the bbc or the new york times - which features actual interviews and evidence from * french schoolteachers and authorities * . 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to do here but the argument of `` the new york times reported it and an american outlet ca n't know anything about france even when just reporting on events '' is an extremely odd position . 
   i do n't know why this is upvoted at this point since it 's totally biased and mainly wrong i 've never ever heard someone being supportive with terrorists literraly never . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/23/world/europe/charlie-hebdo-attack-leads-to-changes-in-french-schools.html?_r=0 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31027152 if this is an indication of the current generation of french muslims then you 're in for a tough time . 
  if freedom of expression and secularism are french ideals then you have a hell of a lot of people who do n't identify with this in any way . 
   to boo the national anthem is not a common thing either except for the teenagers , you just live in a clich\u00e9s op . 
  given the demographics of these populations i 'd say teenagers make up a fairly large proportion also it 's not a `` clich\u00e9 '' - booing the national anthem does actually happen and although you try and rationalise it perhaps to offer yourself some comfort let me tell you this : it is * not * normal for people to boo their own national anthem and if you do , then it 's pretty fucking obvious you 're not a massive fan of your country and have little sense of national pride . 
  tl ; dr - you can tell me all you want about the history of these ghettos and how awful their situation is , but it does n't counteract my point that they 're filled with people who seemingly hate france and do not share french values . 
  a half japanese person ca n't be a nationalist ? 
  if you make a french black person do a genetic test , is it going to show primarily sub-saharan african dna or is it going to show western european dna ? 
  you can argue all you like about the * importance * of being `` ethnically french '' but denying that genetic and ancestral differences do n't exist between someone whose family has lived around france/western europe for centuries and someone from guadeloupe is just mind-bending . 
  many countries actually do keep statistics of such things and while the french philosophy of `` everyone who has a french passport is french end of story '' is admirable , on the other hand all i can think of is benzema spitting at the end of la marseillaise . 
  clearly some people are much more attached to their french identity and i would hazard a guess those people are more likely to have ancestral heritage within the country ( or the surrounding area ) than someone whose family or recent ancestors come from outside of france . 
  hypothetically speaking you could replace every person living in the country with people from algeria and give them a french passport but do n't fool yourself into thinking the country would still be france in anything but name . 
  because you might change your mind - seeing hordes of men burn cars and attacking the police might do that to you . 
   i do n't think we 're going to face the same problem . . go take a wander around sevran on bastille day and then come back to me . 
   what 's an ethnic french ? 
  so disingenuous lol . 
  obviously people whose ethnicity can be traced to areas within the modern borders of france or thereabouts . 
  do you ever take anything seriously ? 
  i think every country has poor areas but the added factor these communities seem to have is outright hatred for the country they 're living in . 
  it 's pretty disturbing . 
  can you really say nothing has changed ? 
  it has n't gotten better * or * worse ? 
  seems unlikely . 
  there are innocent people within these neighborhoods who suffer also . 
  france just needs to increase the police presence ten-fold and incarcerate every violent miscreant they come across . 
  the people living in these banlieu have negative sense of civic or national pride and this is how it manifests . 
  this is the direct result of immigration with the expectation you can turn every arab and african into a new little french citizen blowing up in france 's face . 
  when people worry about france 's changing demographics this is the stuff they are concerned about . 
  forget accusations of racism and honestly ask yourself what kind of society you 're going to have with an increasing proportion of people who boo the national anthem and try and justice the charlie hebdo shooting ( and yes both are common amongst france 's `` vibrant '' communities ), 
  the article had been removed which is why i wrote that comment , it 's now restored which was a wise decision . 
  fuuck you just wan na smack the twat right across his smug self satisfied face . 
  watch the video clip - what a horrible horrible individual . 
  not sure what you 're getting at here . 
  her whole shtick based on her channel is that she does n't want european people `` replaced '' by immigrants . 
  i 'd say if she had poor opinions of europe and french people then she probably would n't give a shit about the `` great replacement '' . 
  as for calling her racist , yes it 's pretty obvious she does fit at least one modern definition of `` racism '' but an increasingly large number of people fall under that umbrella and seem unaffected by it . 
  http://www.leparisien.fr/paris-75018/harcelement-les-femmes-chassees-des-rues-dans-le-quartier-chapelle-pajol-18-05-2017-6961779.php sounds lovely, 
  pretty much summed it up there . 
  the idea that this article is only dependable if every single incident she mentions has been cross-referenced to an archived news report is laughable .
