  azerbaijan owns the land now though right ? 
  also what even is azerbaijan ? 
  we know armenia has existed for thousands of years but i do n't understand the concept of az. 
  if you believe that migration of non-europeans into europe has been a net negative for europe and it 's continuance represents a threat which must be stopped , then you 're halfway there to be an identitarian ( if not more ) . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that she is just opposed to continued mass migration from africa and the middle-east into europe due to the expected societal impacts of this immigration . 
  clearly people have different ideas about what the impact of mass migration will be/are , and to what extent `` integration '' is necessary . 
  clearly if you are walking around paris wearing traditional arab garb it could call into question just how attached to the country and its culture you are . 
  and if your population consists of a growing number of people who do n't feel an attachment to the country , then what exactly is it that you 're left with as a society ? 
  none of this debate is new and rages on in reddit every second and hour . . 
  did n't know about this conflict , armenia has really been continually eaten away forever . 
  at least there is something left . 
  how do you know he is n't just infuriated by women enjoying themselves half naked ? 
  it 's called identitarianism , do n't be so shocked . 
  furthermore i do n't think this post is going to last long given it 's a youtube video uploaded by lauren southern being dismayed at how many black people are in paris : - /, 
  how do you know this man stabbed these women because he wanted to destabilise egypt 's tourism industry ? 
  i would call the religion to which many dup members subscribe ( free presbyterian ) to be a rather extreme form of religion and thus many of the members to be quite extreme as well . 
  however not all members of the dup belong to that religion and the party is not 100 % correlated with that religion and it 's teachings . 
  nor do i feel the dup would ever want to impose full on actual old testament law on northern ireland . 
  i 'm aware not every muslim is an islamist . 
  if a christian party came along and wanted to impose old testament rules on us , i 'd call them extremists too . 
  i consider islamism to be a serious enough threat to be lumped in with extremism yep . 
  classic liberalism has nothing to do with allowing religious extremists their own political parties , no . 
  go back to school . 
  apparently the strategy of burning boats belonging to smugglers has been criticised by amnesty international and the house of lords . 
  lock these medicins sans frontiers idiots up !, 
  is n't that the point i 'm making ? 
  that liberalism and islamism are antithetical - and as a liberal , obviously i would abhor any islamist political party . 
  yes of course i do . 
  islamism is the scourge of any true liberal . 
  the countries that declared war on afghanistan have pored endless amounts of money to help the people within the country though . 
  they are fighting against the taliban - an extremist , islamist group who as i said poison * schoolchildren * . 
  if you are opposed to trying to depose the taliban in one way or the other i can only assume you indeed sympathise with such islamist groups . 
   but experts warn that violence and instability in afghanistan make deportations unsafe if the choice is between making europe more unsafe or making the life of someone who sexually assaulted a woman while out with her two children more `` unsafe '' ... i know which i prefer . 
  these kind of heinous acts is precisely what many of us have been saying about the criminal impact of the refugee wave on european citizens . 
  however we are often met with vague macro-statistics that try and occlude the effect of migrant crime . 
  if overall crime in your country has n't increased but the number of crimes perpetrated by asylum seekers/recent migrants * has * then the obvious conclusion is that your society would have even lower crime now had it not accepted them and been in an inarguably better position with safer citizens . 
  this point seems to elude many . 
  lots of people care but you also have to recognise these `` first world soldiers '' are fighting against a force that thinks it 's ok to poison the drinking water of schools that allow girls to attend . 
  we underestimate as europeans just how much a lot of people in the middle east hate us, 
  i feel you would have said the same thing if the islamic revolution bad been reversed in iran after a year or so ... what happened in egypt was necessary , we do not need legitimate islamist political parties in charge . 
  not every single terrorist has a massive overarching political master plan in mind . 
  i really do n't see how the terror attacks in tunisia for example could even begin to be considered our fault, 
  yeah i do n't understand the perceptions of the local expressed in the top rated comments and they wo n't provide any further clarification , i 'm truly stumped . 
  comparing the local to breitbart blows my mind . 
   also a lot of their articles are about how refugees are integrating/finding opportunities etc. 
  so i do n't believe that the publications are even remotely right-wing . 
  please explain the connection between steve bannon and the local . 
  seriously . 
  this is n't a rhetorical question , i genuinely ca n't understand the connection you 're making . 
  the local is pretty good for getting some idea of news stories in countries around europe that would n't necessarily go reported in english media . 
  i 'm not quite sure that i understand the hatred for the publication here . 
  i find the local websites to be pretty sparse and they do n't have a lot of news stories but i really ca n't recall them publishing `` misleading or gratuitously inflammatory articles '' . 
  also a * lot * of their articles are about how refugees are integrating/finding opportunities etc. 
  so i do n't believe that the publications are even remotely right-wing . 
  heck - look at this current piece https://www.thelocal.se/20170713/i-feel-great-shame-swedish-police-chiefs-facebook-post-slamming-asylum-policy-goes-viral about a police chief crying over having to tell a failed asylum-seeker that she must go home and condemning the swedish asylum system because of it . 
  hardly bleeding trump-ville is it ? 
  also i 'm not sure what `` boulevard news '' is but i do n't know why you take umbrage with the local 's modus operandi to be to translating local news stories from various countries . 
  oh believe me , i blame our impotent governments in this situation . 
   i 'm glad that the english are sticking with their good ol sense of supremacy over the uncivilized brutes of the world . 
  i feel that 's more of a trait canadians like yourself are bringing on . 
  arrogantly judging europeans for their attitudes to immigration while separated from africa by a massive ocean and only taking on the most low-risk of syrian refugees while patting yourselves on the back . 
  also are you incapable of engaging in conversation without resorting to emotional arguments `` you raped the natives '' or absurd equivalences `` spending money for welfare on unemployed african migrants is just as useful as spending it on members of the public legal system '' ? 
  you 're drawing an equivalency in terms of `` social good '' between money spent on a legislative infrastructure and spending money on a never-ending stream of africans who commit higher crime on average and will have difficulty finding employment . 
  i 'm speechless , what the fuck do they put in the water in canada ? 
  and do you think the streams of africans into italy or exacerbating or improving their economic situation ? 
  explain what you think is racist about being dismayed at uncontrolled migration into europe of people who have very little chance of contributing to a failing economy . 
  can we blame both ? 
  unfortunately i do n't see turkey ever having another fair election after the referendum fiasco , so she could get tons of support but erdogan and his cronies would make sure that she is n't elected . 
  i really wish i could do more to help out europe but all i can do is go there on holiday/to travel and not keep my purse strings too tight . 
  there 's some good discussion around this going on in / r/ukpolitics , i hope we in / r/europe can also have a good discussion about it ( although it 's currently getting hella downvoted in here ) . 
  `` in italy , similar crackdowns were institutionalized islamophobia under the guise of protecting local cuisines '' - any publication that uses the word islamophobia with a straight face is n't worth reading . 
  and you do n't need to convert to islam to marry a bangladeshi brit in a registration office either . 
  there 's no indication that the man he married is a convert . 
  he still has his irish name and the article is very light on any involvement of `` religion '' at all . 
  it simply seems like it 's one dude who decide to contact the papers and get some attention about being a muslim getting gay-married . 
   jahed choudhury and sean rogan married in walsall , in what could be the uk 's first same-sex marriage involving a muslim partner . 
  given the number of gay muslims i know , i find this very unlikely . 
   mr choudhury , 24 , told the express and star he felt like the `` black sheep '' of his bangladeshi muslim family , being bullied at school , attacked by other muslims and banned from his local mosque . 
  and yes he still thinks islam and being muslim is the bees knees ? 
  surely even the staunchest `` people should be able to do whatever they like '' advocates must look at the picture and ask `` why the fuck are these people in europe '' no ? 
  living in a house is a british way of life . 
  we tried tower blocks and it did n't work out that well , many have been torn down in the last two decades . 
  ethnically british does actually mean something no matter how many crackpots try and say otherwise . 
  as if being invaded 1500 years ago by some germans somehow means that a nigerian is just as british as someone whose ancestral roots go back a millennium . 
  immigration provides taxes to the nhs but there are so many bottlenecks which are n't being solved with an incremental increase in tax . 
  capacity does n't increase in proportion with funding , life is n't a game of sim city i 'm afraid, 
  how is comparing the population of florida to the uk remotely relevant ? 
  the uk has seen significant population growth due to immigration and are public services have n't kept up and it 's not only funding which is preventing it . 
  this is an issue and lower population growth is much preferable than this from any number of perspectives . 
  ireland 's population increase is also significantly due to immigration just like with the other countries on the higher end of that chart . 
  most of this population increase has nothing to do with europeans having sex . 
   btw , what is airbnb ? 
  what is `` living under a rock '' ? 
  and they have all the gay orgies you can want . 
  so no one ever calls lepen voters `` nazis '' ? 
  what planet are you living on ? 
  how can you say they are the `` extreme '' right when 33 % of the country votes for them ? 
   right wingers in my experience nearly never - ever - get compared to nazis front national voters ? 
   you ca n't find a nation more fascist currently on earth than israelis yes ... yes , you can . 
  people view soros as one of * many * rich string pullers operating in the background , opposition to the man from the vast majority of people is because of this not because he is jewish .
