  racism = being against islam / misogyny = not necessarily being supportive of the narrative that one can change one 's gender with an operation / intolerance = one can not be tolerant to all things especially when you have principles and clear ideology . 
  there 's no way any kind of ban would possibly stop these thugs getting their hands on sufficiently damaging chemicals to burn off someone 's skin . 
  clearly availability of acidic or caustic chemicals is not the issue here but it 's a lot easier to moan about this than actually address issues of crime/education and culture in some london boroughs . 
  lazy bastards . 
  so basically another violent attack carried out by someone from mena ? 
  do n't think it proves your point . 
  i 'm beyond understanding the perspective of these people . 
  what do they not understand about britain being a majority white country and its historical figures representing its demography ? 
  or you could help greek people living in poverty ? 
  just a crazy thought . 
  this dirty tactic of implying that people 's problem is based solely on skin colour is really disgusting and you need to stop it . 
  there is more to a person than the colour of their skin . 
  https://www.researchgate.net/publication/316701870_the_mistreatment_of_my_people_victimization-by-proxy_and_behavioral_intentions_to_commit_violence_among_muslims_in_denmark this study shows second generation muslims in denmark are generally more militantly pro-islam and willing to see violence as a reasonable means to an end . 
  we simply know now that the second generation turn out badly in so many cases , it 's just not worth taking the risk of any more first generations because no one has a fucking * clue * how to make sure so many from the second generation do n't end up hating our guts . 
  the fact that bbc even gives such people airtime to cry about the `` tragedy '' of an afghan refugee being sent to croatia just shows the problem we have with people in the media and their bias . 
   the majority of british who live in spain are retired couples that live peacefully and imo have their right to enjoy their retirements as every spanish does . 
  that 's who i was talking about . 
  obviously tourists do n't live in spain :-), 
  agree , it 's important to have a middle ground between / r/worldnews and / r/uncensorednews - both threads which have completely gone off the deep end in different ways . 
  nowhere is this truer than / r/worldnews , they will add you to the spam filter if they so much as see a comment they disagree with . 
  i actually feel like / r/europe is normally ok and * much * improved compared with before present incident excepted . 
  what can i do except downvote such hateful bile ? 
   they are really a burden as visitors : unpolite , vandals , noisy ... british expats living in spain can be defined as impolite , noisy , vandals ? 
   india remain peaceful and stable by embracing their diversity and using it to build bridges between communities . 
  what planet are you living on ? 
  sectarian violence in india is rife . 
  i for one conflate attacks like these with general overall issues of criminality and hatred towards the west amongst people living here . 
  the fear is that people are less safe and societal cohesion breaks down because of an increasing number of people who quite simply spit on its existence . 
   when a brown guy does it , they are the problem . 
  when someone who has come to the country through immigration channels and expresses hatred towards said country which manifests itself in violence - all of which could be avoided by not letting said person into the country : that is a problem . 
  moreso when an obvious pattern emerges of a higher proportion of people from that group sharing his ideology . 
  you see , it is kind of important to make distinctions and understand nuance here . 
  boiling it down to a skin colour issue in an attempt to play the trump card of racism is reductive , predictable and really quite pathetic . 
  plenty of people are simply worried are societies are going through unnecessary pain , struggle and retardation due to immigration ... not everyone is worried society will collapse . 
  risible . 
  who am i judging as a collective ? 
  if i say germany would be better off with less ( outside of the eu ) immigration which `` collective '' am i judging ? 
  it 's a simple matter of opinion with regards to the net impact of immigration . 
   you analogy does work as the ugyhur are native to the land i 'm not trying to apply the point i 'm making about immigration to the uyghurs , you 're misunderstanding my point . 
  i 'm simply talking about the benefits of a clear approach to cultural and social cohesion rather than embracing an attempt to mix massively divergent cultures within the same country which i do n't believe works . 
   for me it confirms that at least part of the western world has become mortally afraid , to the point of cowardism . 
  you see anger not fear in here . 
  great but if germany had n't accepted so many immigrants in the first place this would n't have happened thereby not necessitating the `` good migrants '' to subdue him . 
  there 's clearly some kind of * net loss * here . 
  boring robotic meme posts are boring . 
  save your stock phrases and contribute something to the discussion or do n't post . 
  i used to think the chinese were xenophobic and racist particularly in how they treated their admittedly troublesome uighur populations . 
  now i see they had the right fucking idea all along ... you ca n't take a white brit , plop him in china and give him a piece of paper and make him `` chinese '' . 
  in china being chinese actually means something and they strive for cultural and social cohesion and it fucking works - there are * no * absurd ghettos in places like beijing or shanghai and the more time goes on the more alien such concepts almost feel because living in europe i 'm somehow ingrained with the idea that it 's normal for big cities to have ethnic enclaves of high crime and poverty . 
  perhaps its having swedish people endlessly rationalise their high number of `` vulnerable areas '' to me . 
   yep , condemn a group of people collectively ala carte blanche , that 'll work for europe , like it has numerous times before . 
  do we deport them over the urals , to madagascar , or do we heat up the ovens ? 
  i 'm simply pointing out that if we had n't gone so gung-ho for the multiculturalism lie we would have a more cohesive and safer society than we do . 
  let 's take immigrants with proven track records of assimilating rather than continue to foster the idea that letting in people who have track records of setting up parallel communities and following vastly different ideologies is somehow beneficial . 
  i do n't want any more ghettos , i do n't want to see any more criminal statistics that show specific immigrant groups committing hugely disproportionate levels of crime and i do n't any more debate and hang-wringing over the causes of this because we are n't ever going to agree or find a simple solution . 
  the effects of incidents like these on my impression of the benefits is cumulative , i do n't have a short memory which is why i can see an obvious pattern that leads me to think the best option for german society and any society like it is to be german . 
  come to germany but do n't bring your own culture with you or your own religion - adopt german culture as your own ( as in the american model for many communities ) and accept that moving there means being german and not a `` german-turk '' or any other such moniker . 
  just my two cents , you can of course feel free to disagree . 
  nice to see a spanish person acknowledge our contribution to your economy rather than pretending we are somehow a burden . 
  says there 's 234 comments in here . . 
   `` we want all our people to speak german and be german , but we also want them to know the culture and religion of their roots , '' alboga said . 
  `` mosques bring religious and cultural enrichment in an intercultural , interfaith society . 
  if you do n't want that , then you 're asking for assimilation , not integration . '' yes i 'd rather have assimilation please , is that on the menu ? 
   we do n't want to be here for 60 years and still be separate from the society , '' nasrini said . 
  but the problem is your children probably will separate themselves from society because of their confusion over identity . 
  a story we have seen over and over again in europe . 
   please , tell me when are they going to take over ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm not arguing that . 
  what i am doing is pointing out is that you are misunderstanding usage of the word `` diverse '' in the european/american context which is that of people from different broad geographic reasons rather than people of similar but slightly different ethnic groups . 
  you could have a city with people from every country in europe within it but if its 100 % white you 'll have many complaining it 's not `` diverse '' because many people have forgotten diversity is more than just the colour of your skin . 
  they 're not `` diverse '' in the sense we are educated about in europe . 
  all those 250 ethnic groups are just `` black '' just as europe is apparently not diverse as everyone is `` white '' . 
  we know you think everyone is `` far-right wing '' . 
  asian means south asian in british parlance i.e. 
  pakistani or indian . 
  `` lol '' indeed / s, 
  you 're being sarcastic surely ? 
  is this the famous `` sweden would be boring without diversity '' argument ? 
  ok that `` for it '' at the end , fucking chilling . 
  she is `` for '' the concentrated extermination of all jews and she stands there like it 's nothing . 
  your motivation for underplaying this still eludes me . 
  presumably if it was n't a serious , widespread issue the government would n't have decided to invest $ 250m in schools as a result of it . 
  but i 'm sure you know better . 
  200 classrooms in a very narrow age-group most likely replicating learned behaviours from their parents and communities . 
  extrapolate that and you 'll see the problem ... but it 's obvious you do n't want to acknowledge there 's a problem . 
   it only take one or two assholes saying or doing stupid stuff to make the news . 
  none of those actions are representative of the majority of french muslims . 
  200 cases of disturbances is not `` one or two '' . 
  you continually underplay the extent of this ...  i have the decency not to talk about the uk as if i lived there . 
  if there had been widespread media coverage of the pakistani laughing about the ariana grande concert bombing , i would n't mind you telling us we had a massive fucking problem because i would have agreed with you . 
   brats laugh because they do n't know how to react to those kinds of things . 
  they are n't condoning massacres , nor agreeing with the killer ( s ) by laughing . 
  they 're just being brats . 
  um no , plenty are in fact doing just that . 
   a few days later , she had a further shock when she found the `` je suis charlie '' poster she had put up in the hallway of the school torn down and spat on . 
  -  xavier , a history teacher in a mixed neighbourhood near the charlie hebdo offices , also heard comments along `` they-were-asking-for-it '' lines . 
  -  let 's stop arguing here , i wo n't change my views and you wo n't change yours your views are literally just wishful thinking with little basis in any kind of reality . 
  you did n't even seem aware that such a problem existed in schools re : the reaction to the hebdo massacre . 
  and now you seem convinced that somehow the opinions of these kids will drastically change by the time they become adults despite the obvious fact they are learning such behaviour from adults - their parents .
