  a nice review of the lives of jesus and mohammed can tell us which religious is `` intrinsically worse '' . 
  there was en estimated membership of the lra at 400 at latest account , not much higher than the westboro baptist church is it ? 
  also what is the point you are making exactly ? 
  `` christian extremist groups are just as bad and just as numerous '' ? 
  because you know that must be fucking false surely ? 
  boko haram 's massive death toll alone tells you that . 
  have they found those 3 women who attacked the nursery school owner yet and slashes her arm ? 
  nope ? 
  too busy wasting time on trawling facebook for quran burning videos ? 
  very well then . 
  in the last 20 years that 'd be a no . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  it 's a numerical fact . 
  because i feel it 's a shallow and pointless gesture and the ultimate motive is either to make yourself look more virtuous ( `` omg guys white ppl can be terrorists too you knoww '' ) or is an attempt to get the word `` terrorism '' to attach to so many non-events such as this as to eventually support the position that terrorism is somehow equal across all groups when it clearly is n't ... therefore distracting from focused debate on the actual serious problems we are facing . 
  i feel like it 's not a big issue ? 
  is it worth expending so much worry over ? 
  especially given all these incidents to which people are dying to ascribe the moniker `` terrorism '' have no fatalities and are low in number . 
  if the anglican ( church of ireland ) church was the main church in ni , it would be a much nicer place . 
  they do n't really ? 
  also `` gets very upset about '' and `` actively kills people for '' are worlds apart . 
  either way it 's just a silly graphic to show dup 's scumbaggery , not meant to be 100 % accurate . 
  and they have both active and non-active supporters outside those who are isis fighters or have you not noticed the terror attacks happening from the uk to egypt to the philippines ? 
  sure has a lot more adherents than fucking 40 . 
  yes yes you 're very `` just '' , we get it . 
  it appears to me like many people are chomping at the bit to assign the word `` terrorism '' to many acts like these ( often non-fatal ) so they can present some kind of picture of terrorism not being exclusive to islamist terror ... which is true , but is an obvious attempt to deflect away from the fact that islamist terror is by and far the most `` potent '' type we are dealing with at the moment . 
  so write an email to the bloody journalist . 
  does someone need to post this in every thread ? 
  seems like blatant virtue signalling to me to constantly be posting this comment . 
  been in a state of emergency for 2 years due to the never-ending threat that members of its populace will kill innocent civilians . 
  it 's not fine . 
  to be fair having a party with just 10 seats prop you up is much less a coalition of chaos than previously, 
  the dup are scumbags , this is actually a worse result than if the conservatives had just gotten an actual majority by themselves . 
  what a horrible outcome . 
  better to let them crumble than to continue provide them with money to export hateful ideology . 
  can we just leave the rift there until they crumble ? 
  when french people tell me that `` france is fine '' and the problems are `` exaggerated '' i will think about this . 
  dup make my stomach churn ... on the one hand corbyn is genuinely a dangerous ideologue who allowed extremism to fester in his very own constituency unchecked but ... seeing the tories propped up by the dup would be horrible given the influence they would have . 
  you ca n't `` ban '' native people from a country they already exist in obviously , that 's reductio ad absurdum nonsense . 
  you can limit muslim immigration to reduce problems like this . 
  given the highly diverse state of belgium and the massive crime differentials in the moroccan community why do you find it surprising ? 
  we are talking about areas that are around half arab youth population now . 
  of course prisons need changed drastically and de programming introduced, 
  so basically nothing should change and the public still wo n't be any better protected because we wo n't be able to keep these men off the streets . 
  3 french people killed in this attack was n't it ? 
  french people ca n't catch a break when it comes to these fundos . 
  guantanomo bay ring a bell ? 
  like i 've said elsewhere , you are grossly overestimating the extent to which normal society would be affected by such revisions to the human rights charters the uk is beholden to . 
  your interpretation is borderline hysterical . 
  explain why making it easier to deport religious extremists makes one a loony, 
  your government does the exact same thing she is proposing - yes , even under obama, 
  but is n't this exactly what people have been complaining about in relation to the london attackers ? 
  known to authorities but not enough legal power to prosecute or imprison . 
  so now that may has proposed a solution to allow such a thing it 's disgusting ? 
  i 'm being really genuine here when i say i ca n't understand your point of view . 
  you seem to be interpreting this to an illogical extreme that somehow theresa may will use this to imprison political opponents ? 
  when the much more obvious and likely use is to imprison people who do such things as ... i do n't know ... unfurl isis flags in public parks ? 
  once again i ca n't understand the contradiction of outrage between `` mi5 were warned but did n't do anything '' and then adjusting the laws to allow them to detain such people . 
  and how about - deport extremists and self professed supporters of extremist groups ? 
  does that sound like a good idea ? 
  because that 's exactly the goal of rescinding these laws . 
  how is deporting extremists a `` major disruption '' of western society ? 
  i 'm honestly scratching my head over this one . 
  did you actually read the article ? 
   the prime minister said she was looking at how to make it easier to deport foreign terror suspects and how to increase controls on extremists where it is thought they present a threat but there is not enough evidence to prosecute them . 
  please try and think rationally for a minute . 
  do you truly believe that an aim of isis is for the uk to rescind human rights laws that make it easier to deport extremists ? 
   the prime minister said she was looking at how to make it easier to deport foreign terror suspects and how to increase controls on extremists where it is thought they present a threat but there is not enough evidence to prosecute them . 
  is n't this precisely the position that people on / r/europe have taken quite consistently about this issue ? 
  so why the sudden flurry of outrage when may has promised to do exactly that ? 
  problem is i only see discussion of ideals in what you say rather than pragmatism . 
  you ca n't run a nation on ideals alone no matter what some people around here thinks . 
  ultimately positions like yours does nothing to move the problem solving process forward but simply retards it or keeps it at a standstill . 
  these attackers were known to mi5 but they were unable to act precisely because of certain human rights laws that prevent them from doing so ... you ca n't both criticise mi5 for not `` acting '' on leads and criticise theresa may for making this pledge . 
  such a position is totally contradictory , would you agree ? 
  must have missed the bit where the british government bombed the house of the british pakistani attacker in suburban london, 
  a very cerebral response but it does n't help get dangerous potential terrorists off the streets at the end of the day . 
  it is n't exactly a normal crime is it ? 
  i mean he did n't try to mug someone or rob a shop ... he specifically tried to kill a representation of the state due to political rather than personal motivation . 
  well mi5 could n't exactly do anything with him given be had n't committed any crimes , knocking down some legislation that protects `` innocent '' people like him would make him easier to just lock up, 
  hello anarchist . 
  i believe the line is `` you will fail '' :-(, 
  you would need a lot of policemen around to spot this harassment and then they would need to engage these groups of young people leading to more potential violence . 
  sounds expensive and dangerous . 
  look canadian , it 's become highly obvious through your posts in this forum that you know nothing about the problems facing europe . 
  constant attempts to compare the european situation to the american/canadian situation has shown this . 
  sounds swedish . '', 
  so your solution is some kind of police state with total police coverage to make sure sexually repressed men do n't hassle women ? 
  you know ... rather than changing their sexually repressed , misogynistic culture in the first place ? 
  guess what ? 
  we get a fucking say in how we want our socieities to be . 
  while freedom is important , even more important is not having people walking around wearing backwards religious garb that does n't allow you to see their face . 
  frankly i 'm happy to give up my `` freedom of not being able to wear a niqab '' . 
  you act as if it 's an all or nothing situation whereby we suddenly do n't have freedom just because oppressive religious clothing is banned , that is just another extension of the absolutely nonsensical slippery slope fallacy . 
  my freedom or the freedom of my country is in no way affected just because some super backwards imported bangladeshi bride ca n't be forced to wear a bleeding niqab . 
  this is a * european * society , there are unwritten social contracts here that involve being able to see the person you 're talking to . 
  it 's time we actually started applying our values beyond vague wanted manifestations of `` let people do what they want '', 
  no shit ? 
  belgium at 66 , pretty pathetic for the capital of the eu . 
  dayum they 're some hot polizei, 
  his post was about spoken conversational english , not written english .
