   it 's really not that far of a stretch that 80 % of the people actually mocking sweden online are alt-right trolls . 
  it appears you get to decide who is and who is n't an `` alt-right troll '' . 
  if you classify most people who mock sweden as an `` alt-right troll '' by your own definition then of course the majority are `` alt-right trolls '' . 
   there 's a difference between being unhappy or critical about immigration and mocking an entire country that is not doing worse than any of its counterpart . 
  has n't it become obvious that sweden * is * doing worse than its counterparts in scandinavia particularly with regard to terribly managed immigration policies and ghettoisation ? 
  the phrase `` there 's no smoke without fire '' fully applies in the case of all the focus/debate over sweden . 
  i meant your response was entirely pedantic and implied that murray was saying every single leader was of the same mindset . 
  how on earth is it hate speech ? 
  it 's questioning europe 's immigration policies . 
  is questioning policy now `` hate '' ? 
  being polish is n't an ideology as if you need to be consistently reminded of this . 
  why is pointing out the usa 's deficiencies at all relevant in this conversation ? 
  this is the definition of whataboutism . 
  do you really think gdp is the only thing that matters in a society ? 
  he has already covered these points extensively for the past several years . 
  thing is macro level metrics and vague as hell crime statistics are n't showing the whole story . 
  it seems you would characterise anyone unhappy in sweden about immigration related issues as a `` right wing troll ' ... maybe some people just are n't satisfied ? 
  except it 's not clear exactly which core tenet of his argument you are classing as `` racist '' . 
  frankly you 're not explaining yourself very well at all . 
   from the president of portugal to that of estonia is somehow suicidal , even in a cultural sense is ridiculous . 
  um you 're the one bringing this up . 
  do you realise you 're classing `` asking questions about the reasonableness of immigration policies '' as far-right ? 
  oh look someone from a country which migrants roundly reject as a destination lecturing us on how great it is . 
  my point is plenty of people arguing this point are identifiably and obviously european but you 'll have us believe the subreddit has been overtaken by t_d trolls every time people disagree with you . 
  you do n't even have flair . 
  ... if you 're european , does n't that go without saying ? 
  the importance of that battle is a little overstated and was mainly a conflict due to china and the arabs getting drawn into disputes between outlying buffer states . 
  essentially the desert between china and the central asian arab-held states was an effective geographical buffer that meant there was never likely to be any significant expansion either way . 
  i find the idea of a chinese central asia to be unlikely given that domestic troubles would always ensure withdrawal to core territories ( the an lushan rebellion occurred only 2 years after this battle and the chinese would have been in no state to venture further ) and the muslim world would always be too splintered to entertain an expansion into china . 
  thanks for your assessment . 
  what happened to canadians to make them all lose any sense ? 
  why am i continually exposed to such nonsensical out of touch posts and so many times it is canadian ? 
  um no it means we have people who grew up here but have no sense of attachment to the country and are happy to kill innocent for a foreign cause . 
  everything is to blame on the media ? 
  is n't that a laughably simplistic explanation for divides in british society ? 
  think isis has done isis 's job quite well ... you might wan na ask the thousands of dead yazidis/christians/shia muslims in their previously owned territories or the hundreds of dead europeans killed by actual isis members . 
   basically exactly what groups like isis want i think you 'll find that isis wants to kill non-muslims like they say so in their manifesto ... but you know , if you want to make up your own isis motivations and ignore what they 've said that 's cool too ? 
   instead of going to a fucking peace march that would make people starve you 're gon na * starve * by attending a march ? 
  just how fast is your metabolism ? 
   the turkish-islamic union argued it would send the wrong signal by suggesting that international terrorism is mainly a muslim problem * facepalm *, 
   the turkish-islamic union argued it would send the wrong signal by suggesting that international terrorism is mainly a muslim problem * facepalm *, 
  he is implying it was an act of racially motivated arson or that the fire was started by some of the inhabitants accidentally whilst putting together bombs to kill people ( you know since the ppl living there were mostly brown ) - both stupidly absurd suggestions, 
   please compare these `` shit tons of [ not your ] tax money '' to what was spend on the war effort in these regions . 
  no because that 's totally pointless and emotional and irrational counter-argument . 
  there really is no need for this level of thread nuking, 
   how often did europe tear itself apart ? 
  too often which is why so many people are dead against mass immigration into europe from incompatible cultures . 
  i do n't understand the mindset of people who think it 's reasonable that europe lets hundreds of thousands of people in saving them from poverty/war and then must spend millions making sure these same people do n't try and blow up innocent civilians in their new host country . 
  the influx never should have happened in the first place and now we are gon na have to deal with decades of shit . 
  we can also complain about it and stop it from getting worse/repeating the same immigration mistakes . 
   and widespread poverty leading to various forms of political unrest which can escalate into violence or war is nothing new or limited to muslims ... 
  poverty amongst the leagues of unemployed people across all of europe did not lead to young europeans blowing themselves up did it ? 
  is n't this basically a other case of shit tons of tax money being used to solve a problem that need n't have been present in the first place ? 
  sad thing is it 's kind of pathetic how many people we have who think that blowing innocent people up is a natural outcome of not having a job ... can you imagine if spanish youths felt the same way ? 
  it 's only `` ironic '' if you boil the situation down to the bare details and do n't consider anything more than that . 
  poland has a good reason to say no to this immigration . 
  why the hell would poland wan na open itself to the kind of problems faced in france/sweden ? 
  of course , this is one of the biggest things that annoys me about our current `` approach '' to immigration ( i.e. 
  let anyone daring enough to jump a wall or get on a boat mull around europe and seemingly never leave ) . 
  i know so many cool , educated , secular guys in north african/middle-eastern countries who have very little chance of being able to come here while many scumbag compatriots just jump fences to get in and contribute shit all . 
  why do some of these people honestly think that women are just making it up - like a group of mena men harassing a woman is something out of a science-fiction novel ? 
  they need to go watch `` femme de la rue '' and taking this issue seriously ... or heck , go walk around any major southern french city in a sundress . 
  why are you responding like it 's some kind of `` all or nothing '' affair ? 
  like i would be happy with no human rights protections whatsoever ? 
  this is exactly the problem with the level of discourse on this subreddit surrounding topics like these . 
  people jump to the extremes and hyperbole so very quickly . 
  i propose we allow the government to deport dangerous extremists to their countries of origin , that 's it , do n't try and make it out to be more than it is . 
  i 'm fed up of listening to this fallacious slippery slope nonsense `` if you allow that then you 're gon na get anus raped by a police baton the next time you 're speeding ! '' . 
  unless speeding somehow becomes a deportation-worthy offense and in the time between now and the hypothetical speeding offense i have lost my british citizenship and gained egyptian citizenship , then this really wo n't be an issue for me . 
  yeah but echr is associated with the eu and also has the words `` human rights '' in it therefore is completely un-fucking-touchable from criticism . 
  that 's the level of thinking on here , if it 's to do with `` human rights '' it must automatically be good !, 
  why does sweden being `` better '' than the uk mean that there 's nothing wrong with it ? 
  who is `` us '' and why is a comparison between countries somehow relevant ? 
  if an egyptian is an arsehole in the uk then we should deport them to egypt and let the egyptians deal with them . 
  what ever happened to common sense ? 
  downvotes mean that the echr is perfect and always fair . 
  did n't you know it is verboten within this subreddit to speak out in any way against the precious eu or any tangentially associated bodies ? 
  a horrible kind of mindless group-think takes over this subreddit on anything associated with the eu . 
   also human rights bodies have a laser focus on punishing western democracies , when western democracies are the most free and most progressive regions of the world . 
  ding ding we have a winner . 
  the good ol' uk gets to keep endless islamist scumbags and terrorist-makers because we 're terribly afraid they might meet retribution for their crimes in their home countries . 
  the truly insane part is the number of people in here who do n't seem to operate from any kind of position of reality within this thread ... they have no problem that the government incurs millions of pounds in costs and dangerous people remain in our company . 
  i literally can not reconcile their thoughts with any kind of common sense . 
   i am proud of the echr because of this . 
  we are so opposed to torture and capital punishment that we have a law to prevent us from deporting the worst among us unless we can be guaranteed that they will be neither executed not tortured . 
  so instead our country gets to foot the bill for sustaining scumbags who want to see our entire society collapse and often innocent civilians killed . 
  you really appear to have zero perspective on the matter . 
  the financial and social cost of keeping these people in our country because of some overarching idea of principles for all humanity ... this kind of detached , ideological approach does nothing from a practical perspective to make our societies safer or more prosperous societies . 
  although i was half gunning for lepen to win , this is a really exciting time for france and i 'm excited to see the results . 
  regardless of what political leaning you are everyone wants france to succeed start solving it economic and social problems . 
  an endless number of dangerous people have been kept in britain because of this and many people do find it to be unacceptable . 
  if you are an egyptian citizen for example and are plotting to kill innocent civilians or encouraging others to do the same in the uk then the idea we ca n't deport said person to egypt is * insane * . 
  the uk and other european countries ca n't cling on to every extremist nutjob just because other countries have less comfortable prison setups . 
  it 's funny how this subreddit strongly pushes the deportation solution again and again except when there 's an excuse to bash theresa may . 
  a lot of people voting brexjt had exactly this situation in mind and i find it highly rational . 
  yes , i 've been to sweden and had a lovely time walking around the nice parts . 
  yeah , because that 's working really well for sweden . 
  lol yes , islamophobia is indeed the `` crucial issue of our times '' . 
   the fact that currently islamic extremist groups are embroiled in more conflict does n't mean that islam is intrinsically worse or that extremist groups are in and of themselves worse if they are islamic . 
  does n't mean any of this ca n't be true either does it ?
