but it will get you down-voted because it 's baseless propaganda for lepen . 
  in what world is two words expressed as an obvious and subjective opinion `` propaganda '' ? 
  also what makes you think that i 'm interested in arguing every opinion i express ? 
  sometimes i just feel like expressing an opinion and leaving it at that . 
  all of this is perfectly admissable . 
  if i was getting paid to `` shill '' for lepen by the russians , i would n't be worth my pay cheque if all i could add to the `` shill effort '' was `` smart town '' would i ? 
  be off with your paranoia . 
  yes , the media 's interpretation of what is `` alt-right '' is laughable . 
  you can see my account is pretty old , are you trying to imply that liking lepen is somehow a bannable offense on here ? 
  seville is absolutely beautiful , it 's almost theme-parkesque in its chocolate box mediteranean old-town aesthetic . 
  in fact this is by far an unimpressive picture compared to what could have been uploaded . 
  thanks for your opinion . 
  i respectfully disagree with your interpretation of the fn . 
  you asked for this you total pillock . 
  how do these people get so arrogant that they think they can change people 's entire culture just like that ? 
  guess what , there 's plenty of people who like lepen who are n't russian . 
  even like a quarter of france . 
  i 'm not really sure of your rationale . 
  is a 9 year recovery long enough to consider there to be a `` lost generation '' ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  when i read an article like this http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31027152 i do n't see `` poverty '' as the driving factor whatsoever . 
  i am not convinced that `` poverty '' is the be all and end all when it comes to problems of integration nor do i forsee any of the candidates really well places to do anything about the relative poverty of some communities . 
  there are deeper issues here that will only grow and get worse if not dealt with in a direct manner which is what lepen proposes to do , rather than do in a roundabout way i.e. 
  take measures against `` poverty '' and hope that the kind of children and parents reported in this article will come out the other end nice french citizens who do n't think shooting a cartoonist can be justified . 
  edit - for the downvoters , please enlighten me as to how `` poverty '' makes people believe that the charlie hebdo cartoonists `` had what was coming to them '' . 
  believe it or not , even fox news was n't the biggest fan of donald trump . 
  look at megyn kelly . 
  it is n't in shambles but if you let the problems in french society get worse while concentrating only on the environment , then yeah it 's gon na get even worse . 
  how do you think france is going to look in 10/15 years if politicians simply ignore relations related to immigration/integration and focus so much on the environment as their main policy target as melenchon appears to be doing ? 
  there 's a reason so many people have turned to lepen and it is n't because they want a greener countryside and not all motivations are economic either . 
  nice is a plenty prosperous town but still has a massive fn voting base . 
  smart town . 
  melenchon 's programme seems to think that the ecology of france is the most important thing that needs to be addressed - but what use is a nice environment if your society is in shambles ? 
  good , they are . 
  when the heavily democratic-biased media was telling us who allegedly `` won '' and `` lost '' , it did n't mean very much . 
  there 's plenty of safe places here and i have n't experienced much overt homophobia in the uk/ireland [ where i live ] . 
  i do also know however that things will get worse if we continue to let homophobia go unchallenged in our immigrant communities . 
  i would n't let this put you off coming to europe though to try and get away from homophobia in morocco , you 're welcome here !, 
  attacked by a group of moroccan guys on bikes at 4am , smacked across the mouth with bolt-cutters . 
  ouch . 
  also i like how the headline is `` dutch against homophobia '' . 
  sure the dutch are against homophobia but what of the moroccan dutch who carry out a disproportionate level of these attacks ? 
  these attitudes are coming from home and these kids need to be properly educated , take authoritarian measures if necessary . 
   the coc said the number of recorded violent incidents against gays and lesbians had increased from 400 to 600 in the last six years , but only nine offenders were sentenced for the offence in 2015 . 
  how pathetic . 
  the fact it 's decreasing in a time of increasing tolerance in mainstream society shows something very poisonous is going on indeed . 
  the amount of shitposting on this sub in the last few days is fucking ridiculous . 
  people learn racism from their parents not school . 
   the jewish persecution started with the spanish inquisition , by christians . 
  this is entirely untrue , there were many jewish pogroms under muslim leaders in spain . 
  sounds like some nonsense you were fed in a mosque or an echo chamber like / r/islam, 
  this is the europe you live in , and to pretend people 's impatience towards muslim communities is somehow ill-founded is highly disingenuous . 
  the bullying in the berlin school against the jewish kid is just one of many * cumulative * reasons that has led to this situation . 
  i also wonder how quickly you would like to forget about this thread once it becomes clear the gang of kids was black . 
  / u/stevenfries has been spamming this sub showing about 10 times more concern for the potential stigmatisation of the groups the aggressors come from than the actual victims . 
  that 's certainly the absurdly rose-tinted view many muslims are fed about the `` enlightened '' past of the religion yes . 
  still wondering if you 're a troll or not , what exactly is `` fishy '' about muslim students being anti-semitic ? 
  white flight certainly happens in france , in fact there are people on this very subreddit from france who have shared their experience of doing that very thing and seeing their quality of life improve immeasurably . 
  why do germans seem to think they will be immune to what has happened in france ? 
  we do n't even know the `` colour '' of the perpetrators of this attack but given demographics in the region it 's likely they were black if anything . 
  this news is only `` explosive '' if you 're so sheltered as to not know what else is going on anywhere else in europe . 
  this is old news in france , jewish children are simply unable to go to mainstream schools because of anti-semitic bullying and violence from the north african children there . 
  it 's disgusting and no one did anything about it there and i can only hope germany cracks down hard . 
  also from the original article :  emma said she and her husband had originally been attracted to the school , friedenauer gemeinschaftsschule , which has a large proportion of arab and turkish children , by the fact it was so multicultural . # pure naivety . 
   she had spoken to the principal , uwe runkel , about introducing an organisation to the school that could work with children to educate them about antisemitism , islamophobia and other forms of xenophobia yes because clearly `` islamophobia '' was a problem at a school where this happened -  the verbal abuse escalated to physical violence , until earlier this month , `` when he was attacked and almost strangled , and the guy pulled a toy gun on him that looked like a real gun . 
  and the whole crowd of kids laughed . 
  he was completely shaken . 
  are you actually taking the piss ? 
  there 's a reason so many people in the world now consider sweden a bit of a laughing stock and its because of namby pamby totally out of touch opinions like these . 
   the far right is doing nothing else . 
  please read again , the op was n't talking about far-right parties . 
   for as long as european politicians maintain an enforced culture of silence on muslim terrorism and child sexual exploitation , european countries will continue to see massive swings to right wing parties . 
  ca n't believe that ridiculous twitter account exists . 
  there are horrible crimes being perpetrated all over the world right now but for some reason commenting on obscure indian punishments for rebels in the 19th century is more relevant to this person . 
  is n't `` xenophobic '' a rather broad word to use for the asserton i made ? 
   better to welcome refugees than drunk tourists pissing on the streets refugees are a net drain on the economy , tourists are a net benefit to the economy . 
  does this really need to be pointed out to you ? 
  having more refugees is in no way preferable to having more tourists . 
  this is the kind of delusional thinking i am talking about . 
  what kind of shape do you think spain 's economy would be if tourism was cut by 50 % and you accepted 200,000 refugees instead ? 
  and as an aside , what makes you think refugees would be better behaved than tourists ? 
  we 're talking about thousands of young men with no money , no job and nothing to do . 
  you 're even more delusional than i think if you believe that wo n't have any adverse side effects . 
  yes , we are all delusional idiots , we get the point . 
  now can we please get the fuck on with it ? 
   yay , let 's turn into extremists who ignore human rights please explain how deporting hate preachers would turn the united kingdom into `` extremists '' . 
  way to create a false dichotomy with an implied sprinkling of slipper slope fallacy . 
   ku leuven supports the g\u00fclen movement the question is why is a belgian university declaring support for a turkish group like the gulenists ? 
   so i really do n't understand the locals that are angry at the tourists , they should be angry at the government that is n't doing much . 
  people in parts of spain are the dumbest socialists you could meet . 
  `` tourists out , refugees welcome '' remember ? 
  apparently the tour-guide took them there as `` punishment '' for not buying enough tour add-ons . 
  wow you really misunderstand the alt-right ... 
  maybe they have a significant far-right scene because they 've been exposed to toxic douchebags like the perpetrator of this attack lol, 
  damn , that picture paint an inconvenient truth for your apologist ass ? 
  you really need to attend one of these `` demonstrations '' to see what we 're up against ... unless you already have attended on the non-spectator side of the barrier which seems increasingly likely . 
  ok so isis citizenship is n't official but isis insisted they were a bonafide state . 
  buy into that shit partially and let them keep their `` isis citizenship '' . 
  salon = garbage  a movement supposedly committed to science and reason has decayed into racism , misogyny and intolerance . 
  i 'm done i 'll translate the subtitle .
