  and you 're an islamic extremist . 
  it 's absolutely bizarre , in many ways our european countries are sick . 
  there 's no point in talking about overall percentage of the entire country when they are so unevenly distributed . 
  another example of regressive group think . 
  great but sweden is n't like the uk and an increasing list of `` vulnerable areas '' incontrovertibly shows a serious miscalculation in immigration policy . 
  so another in a long list of muslim false flag discriminatory `` attacks '' . 
   it 's an impossible thing no it is n't and all examples of `` cultural difference '' you listed were miniscule compared to the difference between a polish person and an afghan for example . 
  it 's embarrassing people give such a shit about this . 
  any time a muslim 's feeling gets hurt it 's major news , but post a story about a crime perpetrated by a refugee or some such and it 's `` local news '' . 
  `` muslim students get upset when they discover polish people are n't that fond of followers of religion responsible for most of europe 's instability and terror attacks '' - wow , shocking stuff . 
  it 's a brave new world of encroaching religious conservatism . 
  however we do need to make sure that we have enough isis fighters and members ( who were in power ) to prosecute officially for crimes against humanity . 
  actually this is what amal clooney is currently working on on behalf of the yazidis . 
  it will be a shame if we do n't get proper `` nuremberg '' type trials out of what has happened given the genocide . 
  the fact that a country as small as sweden has * so many * areas of police concern is damning . 
  that 's because you probably would n't have to live in one of those areas listed above . 
   for two years now , the pupils of the upper grades have been engaged in the persecution and murder of the european jews per the auto-translate , slightly unfortunate translation there . 
  how can a german school class be composed mostly of muslims anyway ? 
  what kind of odd demographics does that town have ? 
   `` we also saw a grin on the faces of the police , and a pole told us that the police did not want to help us . '', 
  not the same as the policeman saying they did n't want to help . 
  some intentional mistranslation in the title there op . 
  the headscarf is still `` triggering '' for many people including obviously those in poland , perhaps they should have left them off or not gone at all ? 
  what an insightful analysis / s, 
  why does merkel continue on beating the dead horse that is the `` refugee distribution issue '' ? 
  there is nothing more to be said about it , the vis4 countries * do not want them * and wo n't take them . 
  this woman and her unilateral decision making is essentially responsible for the brexit vote , i wonder if she realises that . 
   there have n't been any significant gay-bashing incidents here in recent years . 
  you do n't know what 's gone on in your own fucking city , astounding . 
  believe me , i 'm well aware homophobic attacks can be carried out by europeans as well . 
  in fact most of the worst ones i know about in the uk were ( and mostly polish ) . 
  i was talking about amsterdam ? 
  ah yes the famous `` garza strip '' . 
  also hyperbole like that does n't really help anyone . . 
   suspects of physical violence are usually boys aged between 17 and 25 , and are just as often of indigenous dutch as of moroccan origin ( both 36 % ) . 
  in view of the fact that of all amsterdam youngsters up to 24 years , 39 % belongs to the former group and 16 % to the latter , moroccans are overrepresented as suspects of physical anti-gay violence in other words , massive over-representation amongst the moroccan community which given the community 's growing size can only be much worse now . 
  also it 's not wise to ignore the nature of the attacks http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2008/06/06/muslim-gang-attacks-gay-catwalk-model/ there 's a big difference between the severe kind of hatred above and name-calling . 
  all major gay assaults as of late in the news have indeed been perpetrated by what appear to have been young moroccans . 
  acting like every community somehow bears equal guilt for homophobic violence in amsterdam is incredibly disingenuous and counter-productive . 
  it 's so easy to ascribe every negative trait going to people you dislike in order to dehumanise them or invalidate their opinion . 
  `` oh well brexit voters are stupid , closed-minded xenophobes therefore they did n't one single good reason to vote for it '' . 
  it 's just old fashioned , more likely to read it in some famous five book from the 50 's than hear it in person . 
  things have been worsening in the netherlands for a long time . 
  i remember that amsterdam `` lost '' the title of gay capital around 2007 due to such an immensely high number of gay-bashing incidents ( gangs of moroccan youths say no more ) and a year on year decrease in the safety felt by lgbt individuals because of shit like that . 
  pim saw it all coming !, 
  although let it be said i greatly admire the dutch people and think they 're generally level-headed and reasonable , and feel a great affinity to the dutch from the perspective as a brit . 
  i would like honest proof on this `` vast majority '' issue . 
  i have trouble believing that the * vast majority * of isis 's victims are in fact sunni muslims given the number of mass graves of shia/christian/yazidis that have been found . 
  also - do n't have a lot of second generation immigrants from muslim countries . 
  unfortunately countries like the uk and france have already made their beds with this one . 
  we can only hope they do n't let in too many more first generation immigrants from muslim countries or the `` second generation curse '' will just last forever until we really do turn into the middle-east . 
   maybe all the moronic little englanders who voted brexit will be forced to face the consequences of their actions . 
  lovely . 
  for those who film the porn - seriously harsh judgements . 
  for those who view it - i believe chemical castration would be an honest punishment . 
  you ca n't re-educate someone away from their sexual urges nor is it likely you can make someone abstain for the rest of their entire life from their chosen sexual preference . 
  you have no idea how many swedes have rebuffed me when i 've mentioned high migrant crime `` we do n't collect statistics on ethnicity so it 's impossible you know that , stop spreading lies ! '' . 
  they can hide beyond the holes in statistics to continually push their pro immigration agenda . 
  fuck off with your tireless agenda pushing you worthless leftist rag . 
  by your logic we should take every single asylum seeker who comes from any country with instability . 
  it should n't be europe 's job to take everyone in constantly on a rolling basis who want a better life . 
  how many times does it need to be mentioned that not everyone is gon na vote with gdp or job growth in mind ? 
  shit like this is why i 'm so opposed to the hijab and the propagation of the `` modest-wear '' idea . 
  you can argue all you like about women 's right to wear what they want but at the end of the day , claiming that a hijab or other similar islamic clothing is `` modest '' is automatically implying that other clothing is `` immodest '' and therefore somehow morally wrong . 
  it is n't if you have a brain and look at previous swedish stats and the statistics of surrounding countries . 
  i mean is n't that obvious ? 
  `` we ca n't talk about sexual violence perpetrated by migrants as a problem because we refuse to collect statistics on it '' is the most disgusting , anti-intellectual , regressive shite i 've heard for a while . 
  appears to have outsourced the vast majority of violent crime to non-swedes but too scared about facing up to it so do n't collect any detailed criminal statistics as norway and denmark do . 
  would i have said that `` wide scale reformation '' of christianity was a remote possibility in 1967 ? 
  maybe but at least i 'd be able to look around me and see increasing secularism and acceptance , ca n't see that in the middle-east in any great measures . 
  also the idea that all religions or civilisations follow the same linear path is flawed . 
  seemed like it given we hardly got any doctors/scientists/engineers from the me like our continental cousins . 
  unfortunately we did get some 40 year old + `` unaccompanied minors '' but you ca n't win em all . 
  i was actually proud that our government listened to the people for the most part with regards to the refugee crisis . 
  seen it meaning there is really nothing interesting left, 
  people are still pushing the pension ponzi scheme point even though it is apparent refugees will be a net drain to society economically for a generation . 
  it 's madness . 
  a super liberal friend of mine just kind of ignores it and mentions that she has many gay muslim friends - i do too but chances of a wide scale reformation were most are accepted is beyond remote . 
  the pulse nightclub attack has already hardened many gays i know ( myself included ) against creeping conservative islam . 
  does n't matter if the majority are peaceful followers of the religion - all it takes is for one violent one to be visited by a particularly homophobic hate preacher to get the idea in his head killing dozens of gays is acceptable . 
  pim fortuyn was worried against this kind of shit specifically and if gay people really do end up in overt danger due to our continents `` interesting '' approach to immigration it 'll be a fucking tragedy . 
  crap films indeed - pirates of the carribean , the mummy ? 
  the entire irish coast is so significantly cooler . 
  yes which is why many people are against further intervention against sovereign rulers and the overthrow of legitimate states . 
  however isis is not a legitimate state and is in fact a genocidal death cult wielding significant power so i will continue to support attacking them . 
  have you been to / r/worldnews , lame ass comments like that are the only ones allowed . 
  they are becoming * more * religious and less secular , religious conservatism has gripped france in a big way in the last decade . 
  belgium really did the rest of europe a great disservice by letting extremism fester so badly without questioning it until it was too late . 
  douglas murray does actually suggest many solutions and they do n't involve taking in millions of people from vastly different societies directly into our continent and hope they 'll become `` westernised '' . 
  the solutions are out there for any idiot to see . 
  also murray is concerned mainly about the `` hangers-on '' who come with true refugees , of which there are many and some only this week caused the death of a lorry driver in calais . 
  also yes - many people have a skin colour which is non-white but that does n't mean being anti mena immigration is based on racial grounds , much more likely on cultural grounds . 
   anyone who seriously thinks sweden is the rape capital the world is either an alt-right troll or a total idiot . 
  yes , i fully stand by that statement . 
  but what if people simply argue that sweden does have a problem with rape and sexual violence perpetrated by migrants . 
  will they too be classed as an `` alt-right troll '' ? 
   if you make such bold statements you better brings some facts to the table the `` alt-right trolls '' you mention believe that high levels of immigration have led to a higher instance of violence/gun-crime/religious extremism in the country than would otherwise have been . 
  if you feel there is * any * merit in the argument then perhaps drop the dismissive term of `` alt-right troll '' and engage ? 
  contributing to your basketcase economy . 
  you do n't appear to live on the same planet as the rest of us .
