  dude lol what . 
  go check out the employment data of swedish migrants and tell me they 're propping up the fucking welfare system . 
  do n't forget the wonderful gated communities the lucky ones will get to live in . 
  many things can jump through legal hoops and be deemed legal , but it does n't make them conscionable . 
  people avoid paying tax is any number of ways that are technically legal but not moral and the loopholes are often closed behind them . 
  what we are seeing here is something similar but a much slower moving and more complicated legal system behind it that is slow to change . 
  we have people in this thread from countries that have the most terribly integrated first second and beyond generation migrants bitching about the swiss system and acting like switzerland should follow their clearly failed system . 
  it 's weird . 
  did you get it and if so why does your flair say kosovo ? 
  can there be no brand of white nationalism beyond nazism ? 
   blocking a vessel of medecins sans frontieres , which is a well respected organisation with good reputation , is a scummy move . 
  except we know exactly what the ship was trying to do ( pick up migrants from near libyan coast and deposit them in italy ) . 
  the express goal of the identitarians is to prevent ships from doing that so whether it was msf or not is irrelevant , all ships enabling the smuggling are equally guilty . 
  i think that 's the aim . 
  this is exactly what i see time and time again from many people on / r/europe - bring out the most vague , macro-level statistics you can and ignore there exists any problem . 
  another example `` crime has n't gone up since x amount of immigration '' therefore immigration has had no impact - of course completely ignoring who was committing given proportions of crime and whether it could reasonably said crime would have gown * down * without x level of immigration ( as is currently the trend in most e. european countries ) . 
   not going after criminals , but after everyone ? 
  you realise that having a selective immigration policy is n't `` going after '' anyone right ? 
  when deciding on immigration policies , governments should determine which citizens are most likely to have a positive effect on a society and economy - in fact this is a very basic expectation of their function . 
  your response seems rooted in emotion rather than pragmatism , it is n't a crime to reduce immigration from algeria because of german experience with them . 
  also it is n't exactly `` fair '' to a village or town if you set up an asylum home and fill it with afghans and algerians based on these statistics ... 
  well does n't this graph show why `` per capita '' graphs make much more sense and give more context to figures . 
  this graphic is almost meaningless to look at . 
  it 's not a strawman , it 's my opinion of you . 
  lot 's of adults have colouring books these days . 
  dude , there were hardly any individual suspects even recorded due to cologne . 
  part of that massive clusterfuck . 
  nah it makes more sense to joke/make irrelevant comments or focus on really small niggling details about the list rather than accept the statistics behind it are official , correct and represent a massive issue for europe . 
  it 's funny how many `` per capita '' maps we get on europe and people love , but once you get a per capita crime map many people start suddenly saying `` per capita '' is a flawed measure and only raw numbers ( without context ) matter . 
  how convenient . 
   https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/thematisch/bevoelkerung/migrationintegration/auslaendbevoelkerung2010200167004.pdf?__blob=publicationfile, 
  what `` propaganda '' do i spread ? 
  the next time you see a young muslim man in the street , smile and wave at him and be friendly and we can overcome situations like this . 
  we need to work together and be friendly . 
  let 's face it , you do n't like to see any graph * created * or any information given out that shows immigrants or asylum-seekers in a bad light . 
  no one said this was an official graphic released by government sources . 
  if anything it is quite obvious it is a graphic * made * by someone based on data from those sources . 
   the legitimacy of the sources does not make this graph legitimate . 
  your entire argument is `` the person who made this graph wanted to incite hate against migrants therefore we should ignore it . 
  of course you offer no proof that it was created to incite hate against migrants and not simply as someone who wants to provide further clarification of rates of sexual assault in germany . 
  also you seem to be oblivious to how anti-intellectual you sound in your assertion that any information compiled by someone whose intentions are n't entirely pure and stance neutral should be ignored is . 
  most people have an `` agenda '' and it 's our job to sort stuff out and look at it objectively . 
  the information contained in this graphic as far as we can see is valid and shows massive over-representation of many groups in sexual assault cases . 
  this is an area of concern for people and they will adjust their behaviours and views accordingly . 
  i 'm sorry that such information ca n't be stifled so we can all subscribe to your specific viewpoints which are no doubt long-term and transformative in nature and would have us ignoring little blips like this on the way to whatever utopia you think we can carve out . 
  one where you can go look at the statistics behind the graph and see they 're valid - as people have done numerous places in this thread . 
  do you think it 's `` fishy '' that some groups show large multiples of sexual criminality in relation to germany , or just that specific graph 's labelling is fishy ? 
  you cite using per capita statistics to be a `` flaw '' and i 'm telling you that 's ridiculous . 
  talk about someone who has zero understanding of statistics . 
   maybe not fake but it is super stupid and very much designed not to inform but to express a politcal massage . 
  this is why it is suspects and not convicted . 
  you think if it was changed to `` convicted '' it 's going to show a much different picture ? 
   also the per 100k \u00b4 factor is pretty stupid bc it makes a rape from a rare population way more significent then from a big nationality . 
  and we can take that into account if we wish but it provides much more clarity than providing overall numbers . 
  it also helps us see which populations are particularly problematic in terms of the men germany is allowing in , this can help shape future policy in regards to immigration . 
  people like you get angry when per capita is used because you no doubt feel it `` marginalises '' communities who do `` badly '' . 
  well maybe should pay attention to why so many afghan men are committing sexual assault ? 
  and also considering that given low rapes amongst mexicans/chinese people that perhaps increased immigration from these countries might be a better idea . 
  i find that apologists like to hide behind macro , vague figures because it protects their policies ( i.e. 
  immigration ) from scrutiny . 
  nowhere more obvious than sweden that wo n't even collect such statistics so everyone can remain in the group fantasy that rape is just a `` man problem '' and not an immigrant problem . 
   afghanistan 838  syria 910 refugees welcome indeed . 
  what planet are you living on that it 's `` fishy '' that north africans commit much higher levels of sexual assault per capita than native germans ? 
  the statistics above reflect those in every european country that collects them - sexual assault and indeed general criminality varies widely by nationality . 
  check out the danish crime index for comparison and you 'll see it also has groups that commit hugely higher levels of crime than natives . 
  and sexual repression within communities results in much higher sex crime as can be seen from this graphic . 
  i 'm sure a statistic set will come out * some day * that shows every group commits sexual assault in the exact same proportion and then you 'll be happy / s, 
  thanks man . 
  it 's a graphical representation of figures given within the links . 
  some spot checks have already been done by people within this thread that show the chosen bars to be accurate representations . 
  why do n't you look at the source data and mentally strip out those lines not within the data . 
  or better yet , edit the graphic for us ;-), 
  if the street has an equal number of somalis and germans , you are 7 times more likely to be sexually assaulted by the somali . 
  and considering this list is suspects rather than actual convictions , there may be some wiggle room on that figure . 
  ugh stop with the hashtags . 
  being anti-immigration lol, 
  except they 're not averages . 
  american soldiers . 
  in / r/europe you wo n't * usually * get banned for this kind of stuff although i have been banned temporarily a couple of times because my posts have been `` monothematic '' i.e. 
  i post too much about the same kind of things . 
  i found this reason confusing because it 's not like my opinion is going to change overnight . 
  as for / r/worldnews , you indeed get banned for linking to statistics even official ones . 
  it is n't an average of the other statistics that 's why , it 's simply another designation for another group of suspects . 
   well then i 'd say maghrebi is given for those where they do not know the exact country of origin . 
   egypt is the safest place for christians in the middle east and yet they still get regularly massacred ... just like jews in france . 
  are you opposed to statistics that take proportionality into account ? 
  are n't the trends they show important and ca n't it help us determine immigration policy and focused crime prevention ? 
  well finnish statistics show men from north africa committing about 16 times more sexual assaults than native finns . 
  talking about the suspected versus actual crimes is an odd distraction . 
  do you really think the number of wrongly suspected perpetrators of rape is statistically significant ? 
  marginalised people like algerians are more likely to strike out against the society that has wronged them including women enjoying a night out . 
  is it not obvious that if germans were n't so racist towards algerians that their rape statistics would be the same if not lower than native germans ? 
  i do n't even know where to begin on how racist this is, 
  enlighten us, 
  german arrogance had a lot to do with it . 
  they could take a look around so many places in europe and see how much trouble we had assimilating people from mena backgrounds but they told them they had assimilated turkish people perfectly ( lol ) and that this too would be a roaring success . 
  it was exhausting . 
  true that . 
   is n't it kind of good that these girls do n't live in places where genitals get mutilated anymore ? 
  lol but they are still living in a place where genitals get mutilated .
