  trying to claim the campaign against soros is just plain `` anti-semitism '' betrays the complexities of the conflict at its heart . 
  so deep , how did they come up with that one ? 
  only since the refugee crisis where much of this was directed at asylum centres . 
  frankly it 's kind of understandable that when your government invites 1 million people into your country , starts spending billions upon billions of euro , building asylum centres for primarily young men - that there 's gon na be some pushback . 
  why must everything and everyone be compared with nazis or neonazis ? 
  people have different takes on what european unity means . 
  someone might say the v4 group are showing no `` unity '' by taking their `` quota '' of refugees but a v4-supporter can clearly rebuff this by saying the eu have not taken their position on external migration into account . 
  overpopulation is a bigger problem than climate change and it 's something we actually have the power to counteract . 
  i believe in climate change but am skeptical of our ability to direct it for obvious reasons . 
  start investing heavily in family planning and sexual-education worldwide . 
  burning car has no purpose , stopping further ngo 's from ferrying illegal migrants into europe does have a purpose . 
  and as usual many of the swedish women will just blame `` all men '' . 
  i look forward to the day when sweden starts collecting actually precise and clear statistics on sexual assault so we can confirm which men precisely are causing all this shit . 
  that subreddit is awesome, 
  could you please show me some moderate islamist parties you 're aware of that are more tolerant to the dup in its current form ? 
  i 'm interested . 
  perhaps we require principles beyond `` everyone should have the right to do and say whatever they want no matter how hateful '' . 
  shirley phelps bored af sitting at home . 
  given that many gay people have been aware of their sexuality from around the age of 8/9 , i 'd love to know what could possibly have happened in those 8/9 years to make them `` gay '' even when their brothers are straight and they 've had the exact same upbringing . 
  think the onus of proof is on you . 
  think that 's some pretty outdated pop psychology ... some people just really do n't like gays . 
  it really is so bloody miserable to live in a blue zone . 
  with africa 's booming population and europe 's lacklustre approach to stemming the migrant flows , it actually is a moment of crisis for europe . 
  and i do n't think anyone believes giving donald trump kingship of europe is actually the answer . 
  comprehensive and fascinating . 
  one of them  an illegal immigrant from kurdish iraq , zangana was arrested in the back of a lorry near dover . 
  he was convicted of trying to travel back to iraq for terrorism and was jailed for three years . 
  kingston crown court heard how he had been radicalised by co-defendant aras hamid . 
  so he was an illegal immigrant in the first place to the uk but we stopped him from leaving to go back and instead the taxpayer paid for his entire prison sentence . 
  fascinating country we have . 
  absolutely outrageous fifth column we have living in the uk . 
  it is n't that impressive to be honest, 
  chances are a `` second generation pole '' is gon na be fine with homosexuality , surveys in the uk have shown that being a second gen plus muslim immigrant is n't so gay friendly . 
  ok so the approach to the migrant crisis is in fact just to continue and complain about eastern european countries not taking them in . 
  why would we import african families wholesale into hungarian villages ? 
  what kind of fresh nonsense is this ? 
  broken fucking record , honestly at this point fuck the entirely impotent and out of touch eu . 
  that 's a bizarre fantasy, 
  just because there does n't exist one fix to protect against such crimes 100 % does n't make mitigating measures a waste of time . 
  i 'm more concerned about violence coming from `` outsiders '' precisely because such violence can be prevented with strong immigration controls in the first place . 
  in the case of jo cox 's killer , clearly there is n't as easy a fix . 
  identitarians obviously are far-right and for that you just slap the label `` neo-nazis '' on them and call it a day . 
  very intellectual of you . 
  i 've looked at who they are and i do n't see `` neonazis '' , i see nationalists and even ethno-nationalists . 
  it 's fine you do n't like ethno-nationalism but drawing a comparison every time to nazis is a joke that 's getting old fast . 
  applying the moniker `` neo-nazi '' or `` nazi '' to every group you do n't like is getting tired . 
  it 's just a massive clusterfuck . 
  only recently an old austrian couple was murdered by a tunisian who had lived in the country since 1989 because he suspected they might support the fpo . 
  so now are we to expect political violence against anti-immigration parties from immigrants ? 
  talk about the beginnings of a vicious circle . 
  they 're separate things . 
  it * is * arrogance to think you can avoid all the mistakes of other european countries and you 'll `` do it right '' because you 're `` advanced , liberal scandinavians '' . 
  these people need to get a life, 
   poor integration is one thing . 
  blaming it on race is another ok , fairly typical for an american to focus on `` race '' . 
  no one is taking about biology here - integration problems occur in europe because of cultural and religious differences and the mere reality that someone from somewhere like somalia is n't as likely to ever to feel a sense of belonging to a country as much as someone whose family has lived there for hundreds of years or even someone from a closeby and culturally compatible country . 
  also it 's wonderful you have good experiences with somalis but have n't mid-west settled somalis actually been responsible for a * number * of terrorist attacks ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_ohio_state_university_attack https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_ohio_machete_attack https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_minnesota_mall_stabbing i mean given the pattern and - if the minnesota experience is anything like the european experience - the crime , how is it in any way * worth it * to cheer the continued immigration of somalis to america ? 
  people want immigrants from either compatible or passive cultures with a track record of integrating well . 
  it 's not * racist * , it 's sane pragmatism and risk-aversion . 
  you do n't need to have been to sweden ( although i have ) to know that your number of islamic extremists growing from 200 to 2000 in a few years is reflective of horrible policy failures . 
  sweden easily could have looked at us including terrorist attacks against us ( both successful and unsuccessful ) and seen that high levels of immigration from islamic countries was fraught with issues . 
  unfortunately the arrogance of swedes apparently led them to believe that they could do it `` right '' and would n't have our issues . 
  exactly how relevant is that to the discussion on poor integration of immigrants in sweden . 
  do you really think sweden would be experiencing its current problems ( including 2000 islamic extremists ) if it had taken irish people or people from anywhere else in europe instead of their beloved somalians etc ? 
  being against mass-immigration = `` far-right '' !, 
   that sweden will soon become some failed state are seriously deluded . 
  i think most people are just dismayed that sweden has set itself up for decades of shit that it would n't have had to deal with otherwise without their odd desire to be a `` humanitarian superpower '' by throwing open their borders . 
  it 's really not helpful to continually tell muslims that it 's impossible for them to be `` liberal '' . 
  whether we like it or not , you 're not gon na convert millions of muslims by telling them their religion is violent and conservative . 
  we should welcome * earnest * attempts to liberalise the religion while acknowledging that ( as in the case of christianity ) conservative elements and followers will always remain unless there is total eradication ( which is unlikely ) . 
  anyway i applaud this woman and all muslim reformers for what she is doing . 
  sweden actually thought that by letting people in they would be `` grateful '' and provide nothing but benefits for swedish society . 
  the question is this - how did a country end up in such a position as to be so incredibly naive and flat out ignorant of history ? 
   i thought this was standard in any european country . 
  the water from my tap tastes like ass . 
  `` high quality '' presumably means more than just drinkable . 
   see this is the thing i do n't get . 
  you assume anyone who is brown ca n't be born in sweden , follow swedish traditions or even like sweden . 
  of course i do n't , i was just using an admittedly extreme example to show the absurdity of your stance that everyone is `` swedish '' as long as they have the appropriate documentation . 
  i 'm happy to use the term `` swedish '' to describe many people born in sweden ( including `` brown '' people ) while cognisant that being ethnically swedish also means something and should n't be dismissed . 
  you wo n't convince me that a first generation immigrant is as swedish as a native of the country , nor will it be easy to convince me that national identity should never have some kind of ethnic component in the european experience ... certainly we do n't object to it having an ethnic component anywhere else in the world , so i see no reason to hold our own countries to another standard . 
  there 's documentary evidence of these new types of sexual assaults occurring at swedish festivals but denying their relevance is still very much de rigeur amongst swedes apparently . 
  your opinion is essentially that swedish identity is literally nothing more than a passport . 
  i 'm sure you 'll understand that many people will disagree with that . 
  there are those people who believe that national identity is more than just a piece of paper - ancestral ties , cultural understanding , cultural practice , self-identification . 
  to use a rather extreme example : you can have two swedish people - one `` native '' swede who has grown up in sweden , partakes in established swedish cultural practices and traditions - and another ( african for example ) who has obtained swedish citizenship but feels animosity towards sweden or perhaps even racism towards native swedes . 
  in your mind they are both just as swedish as eachother . 
  you can comprehend perhaps why many find this to be lunacy . 
  i expect this to move at a glacial pace . 
  as long as sweden has a lower murder rate than chicago , they do n't need to worry about their problems is what i can gather from enlightening online discussion here . 
  i 'd love evidence of that . 
  yeah so this is gon na get removed purty quickly . 
  anyway swedes do n't care as long as these crimes do n't take place in their majority-swedish neighborhoods , nor do they appear to give a crap about the police either . 
  let the police-hating , open borders lunatics live in the areas with the refugees and immigrants ... and let everyone else live separately . 
  we will see which micro-society works out best . 
  bbc has been using the term migrants for a long time , only ideologically fucked publications like the guardian continue to obstinately use the term refugee in the face of overwhelming contradictory evidence, 
  france has a ton of parallel communities not exactly working in tandem , no shit it is disunited . 
  feels fucking good man, 
  armenians sure have been through some shit due to these guys . .
