  you 're happy to ignore issues so you can continue to believe there 's no issue - in a country where an increasingly growing community boos the national anthem and dismisses or even approves of the hebdo massacre , there is something * very * wrong and putting your head in the sand is n't going to do anything but allow its advance . 
   yes and i do n't care . 
  we 're a merit based society , i 'd rather finance a refugee than some middle class person who pursued eight years of art school and now has figured out that they ca n't pay their bills characterising every german person who requires welfare as `` some middle class person who pursued eight years of art school and now has figured out that they ca n't pay their bills '' . 
   or , you know , kids acting like brats . 
  kids grow up to be adults . 
  if an increasingly large number of your adults are the kind who think a cartoonist deserves to be shot for painting a picture of mohammed then french civil society is in for regression . 
  not sure why you insist on underplaying the important implications for the prevalence of these beliefs in specific sections of french society . 
  a society is its people , and if youre people become rotten so does your society . 
  and there 's not much more rotten than laughing at a massacre . 
  have you ever heard of the concept of a nation state putting the rights and welfare of its citizens first ? 
  has n't it been well established that a very large number of the refugees germany accepted were also in fact people from the balkans , pakistan , bangladesh , afghanistan etc ? 
  if you need to change 10 things to change your sex and you can only change 5 , you have n't changed your sex . 
   disruption could be laughter or chattering , not always flipping tables and yelling . 
  laughing through a minute 's worth of silence for the hebdo massacre is a condemnation of these people in itself . 
  if you 've got a country where an increasing proportion of your population * laugh * during a minute 's silence for a massacre then i think you 've got a problem . 
  i do n't think it 's bullshit and i do think it 's unscientific to try and claim that you change change your gender/sex whatever without changing your dna . 
  removing parts of your body or sculpting bits on wo n't make you into a different sex . 
   there 's a huge difference between supporting , not caring , or not believing . 
  yes , and i 'm talking about supporting . 
   until proven otherwise , a handful of people . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/21/france-overhaul-secularism-teaching-anti-radicalisation-paris-attacks  much of the soul-searching has been painful . 
  there were more than 200 incidents of disruption in schools during the minute 's silence after the attack on charlie hebdo '' how big are your hands ? 
  also why are you not aware of this ? 
  that 's a pretty fucking wide net based on what i 've seen . 
  i do n't think as many people are as opposed to transexuals as they are to the un-scientific treatment of gender . 
  it is n't about conspiracy theories , it 's about a seemingly high level of implicit support for the attacks among these demographics . 
  that and the attacks carried out by mohammed merah . 
  this * is * worth worrying about , especially in tandem with concerns over the increasing number of french arabs . 
   also , there are n't only arabs or blacks in st-denis , there also are a lot of poor `` ethnic french '' yes and i doubt many of them support the attacks on charlie hebdo because the cartoonists offended muslim sensibilities , so let 's leave that point as irrelevant in this discussion . 
   ( i 'm talking like some eugenist rn ) . 
  it 's sad that you think simply discussing the demographics of a country is akin to eugenics . 
  it 's also slightly anti-intellectual , different groups are exactly that ... different in many ways . 
  it 's something worth paying attention to . 
   a minority among minorities who killed themselves . 
  and the people who implicitly support such actions . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31027152 the future is bleak if these children represent the views of an increasing number of arabs and muslims in france . 
  you 'll forgive me for being pessimistic about france 's future ( due to demographic changes ) given an article like that . 
   but that does n't mean they will overtake the french nation or replace the french culture did i argue as much ? 
  but arab people and arab culture will have an increasingly strong impact on france in the future , and given what we have seen so far i fear it will be anything but beneficial - that is my opinion and frankly i do n't see any strong argument coming that will refute it . 
  first of all it 's miscegenation . 
  second of all you seem very sure that everyone is going to mix together , is n't it pretty obvious that there are plenty of communities that prefer to marry within their own group ? 
   not a lot more compared to the rest of the population what 's this assumption based on ? 
  would be handy if the country actually collected demographic data , but until then let 's bask in ignorance . 
  right because muslim cultures are n't insular in any way . 
  so we can agree there will be a lot more arabs and arab culture in france in the future then ? 
  let us all bow down to the mighty gdp figure . 
  yeah but they get free money from the eu so it all works out right ? 
  who said it was new ? 
  i 'm just saying that the proportion of arabs in the population is likely to increase and increase significantly . 
  whether that is for the betterment of the country depends on how you view their contribution so far :-), 
  dude , `` refugees '' number probably over a billion . 
  the answer to 3rd world poverty and unrest is n't mass population transfer . 
  you 're like the `` refugees welcome '' people at the train stations * before * shit hit the fan , yet you refuse to learn from their experiences and see the clear case that the refugee influx was bad for germany and germans . 
  we are meant to learn from others mistakes , not repeat them . 
  i 'm not talking about the great replacement - i 'm simply saying that arabs/arab-french are going to be a larger part of the french population , and arabic culture will likely be more prevalent . 
  therefore it 's not unlikely more `` french dishes '' will be arab-inspired . 
  what about this is objectionable ? 
  you 're living on another fucking planet man - and another continent . 
  you know nothing about europe , stay over in canada with your syrian women and children telling us we should all be taking in hundreds of thousands of young men who have almost no chance of finding a job in our economies . 
  it makes sense for there to be spanish signage in the usa given they share a border with mexico , just as it would make sense to have bilingual signage on really any border area in europe . 
  however given we do n't share a border or much of anything with arab countries means it 's absurd for there to be arabic signage . 
   back in a decade or two when i 'll shove your idiotic comment in your face . 
  are you under the impression that in a decade or two arabic culture and demography within france wo n't be much stronger than it is now ? 
  yes - germany took a million refugees the majority of whom were young men . 
  canada took women and children and now feel the need to lecture the rest of the world on their moral obligation . . 
  do n't wan na be too controversial here but many germans have an almost preternatural belief that their societies can avoid the mistakes made by almost every other european society with immigration and integration . 
  you might call it german exceptionalism . 
  how can people honestly believe they will benefit society when unemployment is so bad ? 
  boggles the mind . 
  as far as i 'm aware the us does n't have an official language ? 
  but either way - the only places arabic should be seen on signs in germany is on tourist signs along with plenty of other languages . 
  another crazed fence-jumper . 
  give it a decade or two and it will be . 
  `` poison '' is pretty subjective when it comes to how people brand food . 
  plenty would brand coca-cola as poison but we allow it to be sold . 
  american food is fine and not `` dangerous '' in any way other than they might be quite unhealthy , but not in any way different than something like coca-cola is unhealthy . 
  dude , get some fucking grammar . 
  i used the simple past tense meaning i think europe `` fell '' in the past but i did not use the present perfect tense `` has fallen '' meaning that i am not implying europe has still `` fallen '' in comparison with rome . 
  what 's new ? 
  people are really fucking uneducated about the relative size of economies . 
  so many people are clueless about just how fucking massive the us economy is and how it still dwarfs china 's . 
  or you know he could be referring to the increasing muslim demographic within europe as a result of immigration ? 
   migration is as old as civilisation true , all the economic data about the germanic refugees fleeing the huns showed us they did n't change minimum wage one bit . 
  odd post . 
  surely people realise that currently most refugees do n't work and thus are draining taxkpayer 's coffers through the large amount of expenditure on welfare and the general infrastructure that grows up around higher numbers of refugees . 
  people also acknowledge that if suddenly all refugees were able to work and had the will ( important ) it would most likely lead to some level of depression of wages for unskilled labour . 
  i 'm hardly talking about the 21st century ... i 'm well aware that we are better off than the romans . 
  if i were talking about now , i 'd probably have said `` has fallen '' - also i 'd be an idiot . 
  i rarely see anyone in this sub talking about people 's * genes * being the problem for anything . 
  do n't exaggerate . 
  it 's really crushing how far so much of europe fell . 
  perhaps there 's actually too many of them to scatter properly . . 
  yes , slowly destroying society is much better than violating even one of our principles ... apparently . 
  why ? 
  lol . 
  i honestly think politicians like this live on another fucking planet . 
  how is the usa comparable to countries in europe ? 
  can we not pretend like the data is n't relevant ? 
  somehow i doubt a 24 times multiplier as in the case of algerians goes down to even below 10 `` upon conviction '' . 
  i do n't think any of their actions really qualify as `` evil '' though ?
