  ever since the refugee influx began there have been endless reports of violence and intimidation against homosexual and christian/other minority refugees . 
  people stay quiet because they simply ca n't shake the misconception of the `` muslim victim '' and it 's fucking pathetic [ these very same people appear to be downvoting this story too ] this is unfortunately the calibre of many of the people coming into these countries , people driven absolutely mad by the prospect of someone of a different faith . 
  she believes that `` borders mean nothing '' . 
  um ok , i 'm sure there 's a sensible middle ground between these two extremists . 
   is it really homophobic to say gay people kissing is disgusting ? 
  publishing it certainly is, 
  and russian cities are full of thin people who can barely afford a decent meal ? 
  this is the russian inferiority complex laid bare `` we may not have the money of the uk but at least we do n't have people kissing or fat people ! '' . 
  yeah i 'd take that over a crippled economy any day you daft b * tch . 
  and it pales in comparison to the amount of english being learned by a country of 1.3 billion people . 
  second of all , having lived in china and studied chinese i know for a fact that currently very few european learners of chinese can compete with chinese learning english . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't handle the concept of someone who does n't like the eu . 
  the utmost bigotry . 
   the more likely it becomes chinese gains more importance compared to english chinese is never going to catch up to english in international importance , the kind of investment in chinese people learning english is a thousand fold higher than in foreigners learning chinese . 
  english is the `` lingua franca '' and is here to stay . 
   i mean , that is the only reasonable position on this arrogance . 
   label anyone who does n't agree with them as `` alt-right '' . 
  lol yes . 
  facts take a backseat to narrative . 
  i 'm not boris johnson so there 's really no calling the kettle black here . 
  i 'm pretty sickened by the childish discourse all round . 
  so essentially what you 're saying is that `` they 've only just changed their party and outlook but they 're still facist ! '' . 
  so in your opinion as long as they keep the name fn , they will always be facist ? 
  what a weird and petty thing to say , the eu really is run by children . 
  the more powerful china gets , the more powerful english gets . 
  no one in china is going to learn french or german in any great number , it wo n't happen . 
  a breath of fresh air ? 
  this is the guardian , they literally live to bash brexit and label anyone who does n't agree with them as `` alt-right '' . 
  great , more eu bullying ahead . 
  that 's very odd . 
  just because he does n't like the eu ? 
  is your devotion to the eu so strong that you would piss on his grave ? 
  douglas murray is not `` far-right '' , this phrase really has lost all meaning in here since the french election threads started . 
  douglas murray is a smart and eloquent man who says a lot worth listening to . 
  disregarding him because he questions the narrative around your french boogey ( wo ) man is n't very wise . 
  at this point i really feel like i might need to have grown up french to understand the animosity because i honestly can not for the life of me comprehend it . 
  her economic policies are nationalistic and she is tough on immigration but all this `` lichurally hitler '' stuff is baffling . 
  the eu progressed from an economic union to an organisation that threatens country for not taking thousands of refugees . 
  all headed by the moral arbiters the germans . 
  it makes me physically sick to see this happening so flagrantly . 
  genuine question : what is the purpose of this comment ? 
  this is the same eu at which germany is basically at the head of . 
  the same germany that said `` wir schaffen das '' and summarily threatened every state who would n't accept the refugees they invited in . 
  germany has practically hegemonic power over the eu so it is n't any wonder nations wo n't trust them . 
  countries like hungary do n't * want * to be part of any redistributed refugee program and they should n't have to . 
  the idea that you would be so offended over someone talking about german culture is highly baffling . 
  you really think the belief in a strong nation state is that despicable ? 
   he was neither a immigrant ( because for that you need to be accepted ) nor a refugee . 
  europe 's poor border controls and poor enforcement of deportation regulations allowed him to continue to roam around germany . 
  these youths want a more authoritarian , more rigid and more forceful hand with regards to immigration , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to think someone like anis amri would be much more likely to be caught in such a net . 
  also i thought we were talking about the refugees that have entered germany/sweden returning once the war is over . 
  it 's not `` right wing mumbo jumbo '' to question whether germany has either the means or the resolution to deport refugees back to their countries of origin once they have been declared safe . 
  they ca n't even deport failed asylum seekers in any meaningful quantity . 
   if a government decides to give them citizenship even after their country is peaceful again its not the eu who is responsible for that . 
  it 's your politicians . 
  a refugee can not just `` decide '' to stay and become a immigrant . 
  given what happened with anis amri , have n't the german government shown themselves to be utterly inept in deporting people back to their place of origin ? 
   refugees are not immigrants though except `` refugee '' has expanded now to anyone `` escaping poverty '' ... so basically anyone leaving the entire third world can be called a `` refugee '' by many people 's definitions . 
  marine lepen is lichurally hitler . 
  oh look , these are back . . 
  `` saved '' from what ? 
  certainly not from dying . 
  the refugee influx was a transferrance of people from turkey to mainland europe with a good dash of balkan chancers along for the ride . 
  try and see beyond your sense of moral superiority to the facts of the case . 
  how many germans have told me `` thousands of refugees would have died if we had n't saved them '' . 
  it 's moral superiority mixed with arrogance and a stifling sense of self-righteousness . 
  this article was * on point * . 
  edit - salty german downvotes . 
  the internet is a lot less fun that it used to be, 
  god , the situation france has found itself in with shit like this makes me sick to my stomach . 
  easier to turn around an established political party than make a new one perhaps ? 
  sins of the father eh . 
  interesting , i imagine many more websites will be blocked in the near future . 
  i saw the posters , they were critical of gay adoption more than anything [ which was hilariously irrelevant given what the referendum is over ] . 
  you should make some friends with gay arabs living in mena ( i have many and it 's not a great life ) or even go live there as a gay man , then perhaps you 'll go back to ireland with a renewed sense of perspective because at the moment it 's totally out of whack . 
  backpedalling how exactly ? 
  not sure what you mean . 
  because an extremely minor political party is harsh on abortion , this somehow equates ireland with a country where the majority of people think stoning is a reasonable punishment for homosexuality ? 
  what are you blabbering about ? 
  ireland and a country like egypt are in no way comparable , they voted in gay marriage for god 's sake !, 
  a union *, 
  she was horrified more by a man touching her body more than a gunshot wound . 
  they were somali actually . 
  please feel free to trawl my comment history for instances of me using the slippery slope . 
  i do n't use this argument . 
  the problems associated with large scale immigration from mena is already plain to see , there does n't need to be a `` slope '' . 
  bullfighting and foie gras are secular not just `` white '' , halal butchery is not . 
  you can easily paint marine as someone interested in secularism and an irreligious society as an `` islamophobe '' . 
  the eu is fucking terrifying , thank god we got out of that cult . 
  let me guess , banning the burka leads to a slippery slope ? 
  `` next we 'll be dictating what hairstyle you must wear like in north korea ! '', 
  it does n't work like that . 
  people in a society have a right to make laws they feel will shape the society they work . 
  i think he 'd do whoever happened to be standing beside him whispering in his hear would tell him to do . 
  the uk intelligence agency foils plots all the time, 
   islamophobia is rooted in racism or maybe some people are capable of disliking a religion without a racial element ? 
  or must you insist that * everything * is directly related to racism ? 
  no we do n't , we * honestly * do n't know what the fuck or why the fuck people like you continue to throw around the term `` racist '' with such wild abandon . 
  i think that 's been established . 
   islamophobic yes , it 's islamophobic not racist .
