  it 's funny cause it 's blue, 
  whoooooosh, 
  i 'm waiting for the polish people to correct the sign to read `` no * central * europeans '', 
  are you really swiss ? 
  you 're breaching their terms of use . 
   geographic limitation : you may instantly watch a movie or tv show through the netflix service only in geographic locations where we offer our service and have licensed such movie or tv show . 
  the content that may be available to watch will vary by geographic location . 
  netflix will use technologies to verify your geographic location . 
  like bigos , but different . 
  i have no idea what beef jerky is but i 'm saving this for later . 
  * slow clap *, 
  it 's not . 
  also , you need to cheat them to believe your * address * is in america . 
  it can be done by providing american zip code . 
  almost all meat in poland is prepared this way . 
  they usually take 50 % meat and 50 % saline for a given amount of meat . 
  the process is called [ plumping ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plumping ) edit - frankly , that 's where polish `` purchasing power parity '' comes from . 
  the process makes the product cheap enough for the most of the local population to buy . 
  poles who are better faring or with access to farmers and butchers can obtain the real product , without the trickery . 
  https://mediahint.com/ works for me, 
  polish ` metro ' was called ` metropol ' because ` metro ' had already been there when they started . 
  i actually liked the orange cheese . 
  and the salty butter . 
  yes . 
  we got it as aid from america during early 1980s in poland . 
  among other free foods like orange colored cheese etc. 
  austerity , did n't eat . 
  ok , explain why ie has the largest share in the us . 
  see http://gs.statcounter.com/#browser-ww-daily-20130101-20130131-map, 
  it was , but they usually did n't care enough to put you in jail ( after giving you a beating ) just for badmouthing the powers that be . 
  where 's georgia ? 
  would you extend it ? 
  valais is bilingual . 
  but you 're right . 
  but i think it 's similar in belgium . 
  maybe the swiss have a stronger sense of community ? 
  if it was n't for brussels , you 'd be separated long ago . 
  brussels is the bastard that keeps you from the divorce . 
  they have very strong local identites , people identify first with their local canton , then with the confederation , but , nonetheless , their nationalism ( as being swiss ) is very strong there . 
  this might be the binding force . 
  the french speaking region ( suisse romande ) often has different views ( on eu accession , schenghen ( it 's already done ) , etc ) , but overall they are very much together . 
  on the other hand , belgium really feels like two countries ... 
  look at switzerland, 
  yeah well , i know of a lot of people from poland living off benefits in the uk and norway . 
  these benefits are not really supposed to support someone , yet these people manage to live there and even send some of these money to poland . 
  a 60 m2 apartment in a ghetto block of flats from the 1970s costs 125 thousand euros in warsaw . 
  a median wage is 800 euros per months . 
  just enough to cover the monthly instalment . 
  yet most people get less than these 800 euros ( because of big income inequalities ) . 
  so yes , if you are comparing food prices , 100 euros buys you much more in romania than in luxembourg . 
  but keep in mind how big a part of the money one earns can be spent on food . 
  if they elected a black pope , it would enormously benefit the [ polish catholic church ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_catholic_church ) . 
  i think you just described poland as well as greece . 
  poland-sweeden , a whole sea apart . 
  i guess it 's because the ones that are trying to live by the law are in the minority . 
  but why ? 
  i do n't know how you manage to survive in the uk without the knowledge of polish these days . 
  at least he walked on the pump . 
  [ poland ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_qp3lic3wjry/tmh33ddh0mi/aaaaaaaaazu/dlyidbxzrpw/s1600/c:%5cfakepath%5cpolandball_magazine1.jpg ) edit : image link, 
  genuine question : is superbowl baseball or football ? 
  eu institutions in luxembourg . 
  they are all similar and this can be attributed to all crows . 
  american crows are a different species than the ones we have in europe . 
  we do n't have plain crows east of germany and north of england , there are hooded crows instead which are virtually of the same species . 
  but none of them can be seen throughout europe . 
  hooded or plain black crows ? 
  i actually prefer the one with the robin . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here . 
  and which country is it ? 
  but which country ? 
  knowing him , i think he has and will . 
  you mean 10 years ago kukul would take 24 bottles of booze instead of a mere dozen ? 
  my friend was caught drunk driving some ten years ago and just was let go after a giving a very modest bribe of 60 zloties . 
  some things never change . 
  a police officer 's salary is just about 3000 zl . 
  edit : precise amount of the bribe, 
  yeah , but it was very quickly downvoted just after i posted it and i was genuinely curious why one would bury this . 
  european diversity  which country ? 
  edit : iceland ? 
  i do n't even know if it 's still so common in poland . 
  my inlaws thought it was expected and a natural thing to do . 
  alright , i 've been downvoted so fast i guess this will be buried . 
  i was honestly curious if it also happens elsewhere . 
  i wonder why i was downvoted . 
  it 's eastern because it 's east of the iron curtain . 
  after the second uprising , russia `` punished '' polish territory by demoting around 1200 cities their township status . 
  this , in turn , made it illegal for the jews to perform any trade ( by russian law ) and forced them to migrate . 
  this killed the economy and industry and caused a large shift in the character of the russian partition . 
  never heard of this . 
  also . 
  this article was buried immediately . 
  what the fuck . 
  so , maastricht lies in southern holandija . 
  bride travel agency . 
  pls . 
  invest . 
  visas were issued by germany , but were later revoked . 
  i almost never use cash . 
  also , 1 and 2 cents are not in circulation , which helps . 
  i feel for the germans though .
