indeed , 100 km/h around bigger cities like amsterdam , 120 in most places . 
  not a chance . 
  is like potato hunt , but with egg . 
  i was applying the literal meaning of the name of the country . 
  granted , there were more than just two nations . 
  certainly not a single one . 
  youre saying both nations in the commonwealth of both nations were poles ? 
  as reported by clifford j. 
  levy in a 2008 new york times article , all putin 's opponents are being made to vanish from russian tv . 
  they are blacklisted and not allowed to appear in tv shows . 
  ** in one example , a presentation critical of putin 's policies has been digitally erased . 
  ** http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_the_press_in_russia, 
  i was actually referring to the discussion on / r/germany under the speech of mr. gysi . 
  i believe there is nonetheless some sentiment towards russia there in germany , some form of solidarity of big players . 
  however , i really ca n't grok the idea of leaving weak countries like ukraine , estonia , or moldova as a turf of any other nation . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  why was poland even invited to join the eu ? 
  i mean , free people flow is good when the relative living standards are similar , otherwise it just leads to problems like indicated here . 
  i saw in / r/germany that there is an opinion that countries like poland , latvia , lithuania , estonia should have never been accepted to nato in the first place . 
  the fact that they got accepted shifted the balance in the continent and somehow russia 's reaction is natural . 
  that 's not apologetic , but then there is a lot of sentiment that , indeed , germany should act as a mediator . 
  meaning , allow russia to retake what 's hers . 
  you mean condemn their actions ? 
  but his korwin is showing ... 
  create turmoil . 
  bring self-defence . 
  to bring some more perspective on the opinion of our german friend , please have a look here : http://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/20mhak/gysi_talks_about_crimean_crisis_and_im_curious/cg4ont7  the biggest problem i have with this is that he criticizes allowing poland and the czech republic into nato despite promises given to russia , and his demand that ukraine should not be admitted into nato . 
  sure , that 's against russian interests , i get it - but russia is not in any way involved in this . 
  that 's between nato and those countries . 
  it 's nothing more than calling for appeasement , calling for the foreign policy of eastern european states to be dictated by russia . 
  in my opinion , that 's unacceptable . 
  if russia feels threatened by their neighbors joining a defensive alliance , then they should either man up and openly declare their intent to invade those countries eventually , or admit that it 's none of their concern and shut the fuck up . 
  so , allowing estonia in nato shook the delicate order of the continent and current russia 's actions can be somewhat justified . 
  lucky, 
  regardless of me not being very bright , it is very difficult to understand what you 're trying to convey here ... 
  that 's indeed very sad . 
   aware of our existence soon, 
  i think probably to reference the fact that , as some say , both questions in the referendum actually mean the same . 
  so op did n't even read the article they posted ? 
  i think this is probably they reason why i removed this . 
  however , we can still argue here . 
  nope , they look 16 to me . 
  age of conscription in russia is 18 . 
  english captions : 0:06 ( journalist ) the army base . 
  the armed forces of ukraine . 
  0:10 ( journalist ) what , what ? 
  0:12 ( soldier # 1 ) get rid of the phone . 
  0:13 ( journalist ) why ? 
  0:13 ( soldier # 1 ) get rid of the fucking phone . 
  0:15 ( journalist ) do n't swear . 
  you are in uniform . 
  why are you swearing ? 
  0:19 ( journalist ) when i 'm in uniform i do n't swear . 
  0:21 ( soldier # 1 ) get rid of it . 
  0:25 ( journalist ) why to get rid of it ? 
  0:26 ( journalist ) why are you covering yourselves ? 
  0:30 ( soldier # 1 ) military secret . 
  0:31 ( journalist ) what kind of military secret ? 
  russian or ukrainian ? 
  0:34 ( soldier # 1 ) mutual . 
  0:34 ( journalist ) mutual !? 
  we do n't have mutual secrets . 
  0:39 ( journalist ) do they feed you here ? 
  0:40 ( soldier # 1 ) yeah , they feed us . 
  they feed us . 
  0:43 ( journalist ) who feeds you ? 
  ukrainians or russians ? 
  0:50 ( journalist ) eh , fine then . 
  0:56 ( soldier # 3 ) get rid of the camera , please . 
  0:57 ( journalist ) why ? 
  0:58 ( soldier # 3 ) why are you filming ? 
  0:59 ( journalist ) what , i ca n't film here , huh ? 
  1:01 ( journalist ) i 'm in my own country , if i want to film , i do , if i do n't , i do n't . 
  1:25 ( journalist ) guys , can you please tell me what you 're guarding here ? 
  1:30 ( journalist ) what are you guys hiding from ? 
  1:31 ( journalist ) do n't be afraid , what are you afraid of ? 
  1:32 ( soldier # 4 ) we are protecting ourselves . 
  1:32 ( journalist ) protecting yourself ? 
  and who is threatening you ? 
  1:38 ( soldier # 4 ) nobody is threatening us . 
  1:39 ( journalist ) then what are you defending ? 
  1:41 ( journalist ) here is an ukrainian military base , everything is normal and all . 
  calm . 
  1:47 ( journalist ) do they feed you here ? 
  1:50 ( soldier # 5 ) they feed us . 
  they feed us . 
  1:51 ( journalist ) who feeds you ? 
  1:52 ( soldier # 5 ) we feed ourselves . 
  1:53 ( journalist ) you feed yourselves ?!, 
  cool for you guys . 
  1:57 ( journalist ) do n't the commanders feed you , eh ? 
  2:01 ( journalist ) in general , how long are you guys planning on staying here ? 
  do you know that ? 
  2:09 ( journalist ) well , fine . 
  if you do n't feel like talking , as you wish . 
  that agreement was n't even signed by russia, 
  poland knows their slavic ` friends ' all too well . 
  indeed . 
  right now apvs moving outside of simferpopl , region 's capital . 
  really ? ),
